  Search Prayers Nation Crime Current Affairs Politics In Other News World Australia and New Zealand Neighbours Asia Africa America Europe Middle East South Telangana Andhra Pradesh Tamil Nadu Karnataka Kerala Entertainment Theatre Music Bollywood Kollywood Sandalwood Tollywood Television Movie Reviews Mollywood Hollywood Sports Badminton Cricket Football Tennis In Other News Business Autos Companies Economy In Other News Market Technology Gadgets In Other News Mobiles and Tabs Lifestyle Viral and Trending Health and Wellbeing Sex and Relationship Fashion and Beauty Food and Recipes Travel Books and Art Pets and Environment Gallery Opinion Columnists DC Comment Op Ed Sunday Chronicle Hyderabad Chronicle Chennai Chronicle Bengaluru Chronicle Kerala Chronicle Science Editors' Picks     e-Paper | Sunday Chronicle     Auto Refresh Search Prayers Sunday, Mar 26, 2017 | Last Update : 09:16 PM IST Nation World South Entertainment Sports Business Technology Lifestyle Gallery Opinion More... Sunday Chronicle Hyderabad Chronicle Chennai Chronicle Bengaluru Chronicle Kerala Chronicle Science Editors' Picks Science Spacewalking astronauts prep station for new parking spot AP Published Mar 25, 2017, 8:08 am IST Updated Mar 25, 2017, 8:21 am IST The 250-mile-high complex already has one docking port in place for the SpaceX Crew Dragon and Boeing Starliner  SpaceX Dragon capsule Spacewalking astronauts prepped the International Space Station on Friday for a new parking spot reserved for commercial crew capsules. The 250-mile-high complex already has one docking port in place for the SpaceX Crew Dragon and Boeing Starliner, which should start carrying up astronauts as early as next year. Friday's spacewalk set the stage for a second docking location. A new docking device will fly up late this year or early next. NASA astronaut Shane Kimbrough disconnected all four cables from an old docking port, using some extra force on one. He looped a spare tether around the balky cable and pulled, and off it came. "Nicely done, Shane," Mission Control radioed. On Sunday, flight controllers in Houston will move the old port to provide better clearance for the future ships. Then on Thursday, the crew will conduct another spacewalk to secure the unit. Until the new crew capsules come on line, U.S. astronauts will keep riding Russian rockets to orbit. As Kimbrough worked on the docking port and replaced a computer-relay box, French astronaut Thomas Pesquet hunted for signs of an ammonia coolant leak in outdoor plumbing. The leak, while still small, has worsened recently, and NASA wants to pinpoint the location. "No leaks. No flakes whatsoever," he reported. During their 6-hour excursion, the spacewalkers also replaced a pair of Japanese cameras, greased latching mechanisms on the end of the big robot arm and even tackled some extra work. Their crewmates welcomed them back inside, wearing special black glasses and face masks, after Kimbrough reported there was a yellow chalk-like substance on one of his gloves. As an added precaution, both of his gloves were bagged before they came off. NASA wants to cram in two and possibly three spacewalks before Kimbrough, the station's commander, returns to Earth on April 10. Before a third spacewalk, Orbital ATK needs to launch a cargo ship to the space station with replacement parts. That shipment was supposed to be there by now, but repeatedly has been delayed because of rocket concerns. It's unclear when the Atlas V rocket will be ready at Cape Canaveral, Florida. NASA has been contracting out cargo deliveries since the end of the space shuttle program in 2011. The space agency is counting on private companies to do the same with astronauts. "It will be exciting to see a new way to bring crew members into orbit," NASA astronaut Robert Behnken said from Mission Control. He is among four astronauts training for the Dragon and Starliner test flights. Tags: astronauts, international space station, spacex Lifestyle Gallery Trump drives an 18-wheeler truck and the Internet is having fun Visual artist blends reality with fantasy using photoshop These toddlers at the spa is the most adorable thing you will see today Navroz celebrations from around the world Photographer uses drone snapping to create surreal scenarios People show off adorable companions at International Pet Show in Romania ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR   Video: The touching story of a man who only fosters dying children   Now exorcists blame porn for rapid rise in 'demonic attacks'   Modi among Time magazine's probables for most influential people   Hundreds of liquor bottles from World War I discovered in Israel   'Cigars, sex and scotch' key to living longer, says 99-year-old woman   Restaurant owner fed cops and medics for free during UK attack ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT More From Science Geologist: Shell concealing hazards from Nigerian oil spills Spacewalking astronauts prep station for new parking spot Drug to reverse ageing may be three years away Two-thirds of cancers due to random DNA typos: study Spacewalking French, US astronauts to upgrade orbiting lab ADVERTISEMENT Home Asian Age Andhrabhoomi Financial Chronicle About Us Contact Us Classifieds Book Classifieds Feedback E-Paper Privacy Policy Copyright © 2015 - 2017 Deccan Chronicle. Designed, Developed & Maintained By Daksham × Prayers
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Travel Business Travel Inside the secret plane bedrooms where pilots sleep on long-haul flights Passengers aren't the only ones who sleep on long-haul flights. Flight attendants and pilots need their rest as well — but you won't catch them snoozing in economy class. Chloe Pantazi, Business Insider Friday 24 March 2017 17:34 GMT Click to follow The Independent Travel The INSIDER Summary: Pilots have resting cabins where they can sleep on long-haul flights. The cabins are usually located behind the cockpit and above first class.  The small sleeping area typically contains a lie-flat bed, reclining seats, and sometimes a TV and bathroom. Passengers aren't the only ones who sleep on long-haul flights. Flight attendants and pilots need their rest as well — but you won't catch them snoozing in economy class. While flight attendants sleep on bunk beds in tiny crew rest areas, pilots get their own separate sleeping compartments, where they can spend up to half of their time on a long flight. Most fliers are completely unaware of these hidden sleeping quarters. Here's what they look like. On most planes, the pilot's resting area can be found above first class and tucked behind the cockpit, as it is on this Boeing 777. Boeing Pilots can access their sleeping quarters either by climbing hidden stairs or a ladder, like this one. (Mal Muir/AirlineReporter)   Here's where they get to rest on Boeing 777s. Though the room's a little cramped, it contains two business class seats and lie-flat beds.   (Boeing) The sleeping berths look wide and comfortable enough, and there are curtains to help drown out the sound of the plane. There's also a phone in the room in case the resting pilot is needed (David Parker Brown/Airline Reporter) Some pilot's quarters come with a sink or bathroom, similar to this crew bathroom on a Lufthansa Airbus A380. Essentially, it looks the same as any economy class bathroom but it's probably cleaner and there's less wait time. (David Parker Brown/Airline Reporter) This pilot's resting area on an American Airlines 777 has a TV. The screen is definitely larger than the ones economy passengers are used to. (David Parker Brown/Airline Reporter) On this Air New Zealand 777, the pilot's compartment is designed in the standard layout, with two reclinable seats and beds at the back. (David Parker Brown/Airline Reporter)   But the room's design differs depending on the plane and airline. This rest area on a Lufthansa Airbus A380 isn't quite as spacious as the Boeing model.   (David Parker Brown/Airline Reporter) Pilots on this Condor Airlines 767 have far less privacy. They sleep in a compartment in business class. At the very least, there's a curtain. (David Parker Brown/Airline Reporter) Those flying a LAN Boeing 787 won't get to recline their chair in this seating area. (David Parker Brown/AirlineReporter)   Singapore Airlines adds a touch of luxury to the pilot's modest dwellings, providing satin pillows in the rest area on its Airbus A380 planes. (David Parker Brown/Airline Reporter) • How to make your marriage last • Men reveal the biggest changes they made to be better at dating • 11 things people think are terrible for your diet that actually aren't Read the original article on Business Insider UK. © 2016. Follow Business Insider UK on Twitter. More about: Boeing Lufthansa American Airlines singapore airlines Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 March 2017 by Military News GAO-17-370, KC-46 Tanker Modernization: Delivery of First Fully Capable Aircraft Has Been Delayed over One Year and Additional Delays Are Possible, March 24, 2017 What GAO Found The KC-46 tanker modernization program is meeting cost and performance targets, but has experienced some recent schedule delays. Costs: As shown in the table below, the program’s total acquisition cost estimate has decreased about $7.3 billion, or 14 percent, since the initial estimate. This is primarily because there have been no requirements changes and there have been fewer engineering changes than expected. Total Acquisition Cost Estimate for the KC-46 Tanker Aircraft Has Decreased  (then-year dollars in millions)   February 2011 January 2017 Percent Change Development 7,149.6 5,897.7 -17.5 Procurement 40,236.0 35,494.1 -11.8 Military construction 4,314.6 2,966.7 -31.2 Total 51,700.2 44,358.5 -14.2 Source: GAO presentation of Air Force Data. │ GAO-17-370 Performance: The program office estimates that the KC-46 will achieve its key and technical performance capabilities, such as completing a mission 92 percent of the time. As noted below, though, much testing remains. Schedule: The program fixed design problems and was approved for low-rate initial production in August 2016, a year late. Boeing (the prime contractor) will not meet the original required assets available delivery schedule due to ongoing Federal Aviation Administration certifications of the aircraft, including the wing air refueling pods, and flight test delays. As shown, the remaining schedule was modified to allow Boeing to deliver the first 18 aircraft and pods separately by October 2018, 14 months later than first planned. Current KC-46 Tanker Delivery Schedule Is 14 Months Later Than Original Plans GAO’s analysis shows there is risk to the current delivery schedule due to potential delays in Federal Aviation Administration certifications and key test events. Boeing must also complete over 1,700 test points on average for each month from February to September 2017, a level that is more than double what it completed in the last 11 months. Program officials agree that there is risk to Boeing’s test completion rate until it obtains Federal Aviation Administration approval for the design of all parts, including the pods, but test mitigation strategies are underway. Why GAO Did This Study The KC-46 tanker modernization program, valued at about $44 billion, is among the Air Force’s highest acquisition priorities. Aerial refueling—the transfer of fuel from airborne tankers to combat and airlift forces—is critical to the U.S. military’s ability to effectively operate globally. The Air Force initiated the KC-46 program to replace about a third of its aging KC-135 aerial refueling fleet. Boeing was awarded a fixed price incentive contract to develop the first four aircraft, which are being used for testing. Among other things, Boeing is contractually required to deliver a total of 18 aircraft and 9 wing air refueling pod sets by August 2017. This is defined as required assets available. The program plans to eventually field 179 aircraft in total. The National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 included a provision for GAO to review the KC-46 program annually through 2017. This is GAO’s sixth report on this issue. It addresses (1) progress made in 2016 toward achieving cost, performance, and schedule goals and (2) development risk remaining. GAO analyzed key cost, schedule, development, test, and manufacturing documents and discussed results with officials from the KC-46 program office, other defense offices, the Federal Aviation Administration, and Boeing. What GAO Recommends GAO is not making recommendations. For more information, contact Michael Sullivan at (202) 512-4841 or sullivanm@gao.gov. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAir Force, aircraft, combat, defense, fleet, force, military, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious GAO-17-255R, Building Partner Capacity: Inventory of Department of Defense Security Cooperation and Department of State Security Assistance Efforts, March 24, 2017 Next PostNext SHA Major Planned Weekend Major Lane Closure Upda…….. Search Recent Posts Oil Insurance Limited (OIL) dichiara un dividendo di 250 milioni di dollari e apporta piccoli cambiamenti al suo piano di rating e premi External Remote Patient Monitoring Devices Market Well Prepared To Meet Futuristic Demands Of Healthcare At Home – MarketIntelReports Oil Insurance Limited (OIL) déclare un dividende de 250 millions USD et apporte des modifications mineures à son plan de notation et de primes Intermittent Catheters Market Planning To Make The Most Of The Cost-Effectiveness Provided By Hydrophilic Coated Models – MarketIntelReports The First Group Showcases Unparalleled Opportunities in Dubai’s Booming Property Sector to Chinese Investors Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
FLUG REVUE aero.de aerokurier.de Klassiker der Luftfahrt suchen Leserreisen|E-Paper|Heft|Abo|Englisch|Newsletter|RSS|Markt Zivil Übersicht Zivilluftfahrt Flugzeuge Airlines Airport ILA Berlin Air Show 2016 Länderspecial Schweiz Militär Übersicht Militär Flugzeuge / Helikopter Luftwaffe Streitkräfte UAV Länderspecial Schweiz Technik Übersicht Technik Triebwerke Avionik Maintenance Systeme Raumfahrt Übersicht Raumfahrt Die Erde aus dem All Branchenspiegel Übersicht Branchenspiegel Helikopterunternehmen Maintenance Flugschulen Business-Aviation Betreiber Jobs Übersicht Jobs Weiterbildung / Training Luftfahrtberufe Termine Übersicht Termine E-Kiosk Abo   Home English Table of contents: FLUG REVUE August 2016 Login | Registrieren 24.03.2017 Artikel drucken Table of contentsFLUG REVUE August 2016 In our August issue, we're reporting about the 100th anniversary of Boeing. Therefore we show you the most successfull planes of Boeing. FLUG REVUE August 2016. Foto und Copyright: FR     CIVIL AVIATION Roll-out of the first MS-21 At Irkut the first member of Russia’s most modern aircraft family is factory complete Airbus is coaxing production upwards As in a hurdle race, Airbus still has several obstacles to overcome before it can raise production rates significantly INDUSTRY Industry showcase: the Berlin Air Show (ILA) From brand-new Airbus A380 to a complete 3D-printed aircraft RS-UAS exhibits Q01 New surveillance aircraft for Qatar Spaceflight at the Berlin Air Show Europe’s answer to SpaceX ILA CareerCenter New specialists sought for new technologies BUSINESS AVIATION Dassault Falcon 8X The ultra long-range jet demonstrates its capabilities over the course of a world tour MILITARY AVIATION Tiger Meet in Spain There were almost 1,000 participants at this year’s Tiger Meet exercise, which saw a record number of missions Dornier 228 in Venezuela Remote settlements can be served by the small transport aircraft Roll-out of the Saab Gripen E With new systems and a more powerful engine, the fighter remains attractive German Air Force Association Bundeswehr Open Day with flight programme TECHNOLOGY Time-tested wind tunnels Wind tunnel tests are more important than ever for aircraft development, but their role has changed Focus on new technologies Following the Silicon Valley model, companies and research establishments are working side by side in Hamburg SPACEFLIGHT High-resolution view of the Earth The Sentinel satellites are gathering extensive data about our environment Space news REGULARS August editorial News Briefing: RVSM Occupations: Aeronautical meteorological forecaster Job mart Service: Models, dates, publisher’s information Afterburner: Solar Impulse 2 has crossed the Atlantic Preview SPECIAL: 100 YEARS BOEING The best aircraft Again and again Boeing has built best-selling aircraft which secured a dominant position for the company in both civil and military markets Boeing in Germany As a global company, Boeing also invests in Germany, where Jeppesen is based VIP interview Ray Conner on Boeing’s commercial aircraft strategy Crystal ball gazing at Boeing Will hybrid jets be the next big success and is Supersonic making a comeback? Mehr zum Thema: English flugrevue.de Artikel drucken Teilen Twittern Teilen Hersteller Lade... Typ Bitte Hersteller auswählen! Bilderstrecken Die Flotte von Brussels Airlines Meilensteine seit dem A380-Erstflug TP400-D6 - Das Triebwerk der A400M F-4F Phantom bei der WTD 61 FLUG REVUE-Heft FLUG REVUE 04/2017 06.03.2017 Abonnements Digitalabo E-Paper Heft-Archiv Einzelheft bestellen "Neue" MiG-35 vorgestellt Probleme beim BER Iran Air erhält Airbus Wirbelschleppen - die gefährliche Schönheit SpaceShipTwo wieder im Flugtest Bombardie-Flaggschiff Global 7000 E-Kiosk AIR14 in Payerne LEMCOTEC: Europa forscht für grünere Triebwerke Jagdgeschwader 73 „Steinhoff“ alle anzeigen FLUG REVUE folgen: Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS-Feed Kontakt| Impressum| AGB| Heft| Datenschutz| Mediadaten| Mediadaten Online| Motor Presse-Netzwerk © Motor Presse Stuttgart GmbH & Co. KG
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Aircraft sales again lift US durable goods in February By Afp Published: 09:13 EDT, 24 March 2017 | Updated: 10:58 EDT, 24 March 2017 e-mail Strong plane sales boosted orders for manufactured big-ticket products in the United States Orders for manufactured big-ticket products continued to rise in February, boosted by strong civilian aircraft sales, the US Commerce Department reported Friday. Aircraft sales, which can cause large swings in the data, were not the only story, however, as orders excluding the volatile transportation category have now risen for six consecutive months. President Donald Trump has spotlighted the US manufacturing sector in his jobs-focused economic agenda, although Friday's data was further indication the sector was already recovering. Durable goods orders rose a strong 1.7 percent to $235.4 billion last month, well above an analyst forecast for a gain of 1.3 percent. The monthly increase was slower than January's upwardly-revised 2.3 percent jump. The gain in February was led in large part by a 47.6 percent pop in orders for civilian aircraft, which followed an 83.3 percent jump in the prior month, showing how the high-priced planes can swing the numbers dramatically from one month to the next. Aircraft maker Boeing booked 43 orders for civilian aircraft over the month, a large upswing from January, when it booked only 11, according to Ian Shepherdson of Pantheon Macroeconomics. Excluding the transportation sector, durable goods orders rose 0.4 percent, the sixth consecutive monthly gain. Outside the defense sector, orders rose 2.1 percent, the third consecutive monthly increase. Orders for capital goods -- such as machinery and equipment -- rose 2.6 percent. The gradual rise in oil prices since late summer helped drive a recovery in capital expenditures, which began a sharp decline in late 2014, dragging on GDP growth. Shepherdson noted that "core" capital goods, which exclude defense and aircraft, actually fell a tenth of a point in February, erasing January's slender gain. However, the trend is still upwards after December's 0.8 percent gain, he said, adding that manufacturing surveys suggested coming numbers would be higher. "We're hoping for better news ahead," he wrote in a client note. The defense sector weighed on the overall results, with military aircraft orders down 12.8 percent and defense capital goods down 8.3 percent. Communications equipment also fell 3.8 percent for the month. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'I'm thrilled for you': Danielle Bux, 37, finally confirms she is pregnant as she shows off her blossoming baby bump in Mother's Day snap... as ex Gary Lineker is quick to congratulate her Ant & Dec evacuated from Saturday Night Takeaway studios amid security drama after a man 'broke in' following live broadcast EXCLUSIVE: 'He's not for sale!' Cheryl, 33, and Liam Payne, 23, 'turn down huge money deals to protect newborn son's privacy' and will refuse to sell ANY pictures of him 'You are my best friend': Victoria Beckham shares Mother's Day card from daughter Harper as husband David praises the 'amazing mummy' 'I love her beyond measure': Carol Vorderman reveals her mother has been diagnosed with terminal cancer 'It's f***ed up and complicated': Marnie Simpson confesses that she is STILL living with her love rat ex Lewis Bloor... and feels 'weird' bringing people home Can YOU guess the mystery ingredient in these delicious recipes for Welsh rarebit, melting chocolate orange pudding and roast chicken stuffing? SPONSORED 'We hardly see her anymore!' Cheryl's uncle Paul Tweedy reveals he 'just found out' about her new arrival with beau Liam Payne, 23, and admits it's 'about time she was happy' 'We worry, nag, kiss and love!' Geri Horner marks first Mother's Day since giving birth to son Monty in January with sweet snap Va va voom! Kim Kardashian showcases hourglass figure in super sexy beige knit dress Turning heads 'New workout buddy!' Millie Mackintosh flashes her abs in tiny sports bra as she giggles up a storm while enjoying sparring session with beau Hugo Taylor Up in smoke! Top Gear's Matt LeBlanc is forced to abandon Mercedes supercar after spinning it on test track and suffering a blown tyre On or off? Ex On The Beach star Jemma Lucy clutches her girlfriend Chantelle Connelly's hand as they arrive at a boxing match in Manchester Togetherness Will they pick Alfie or Taylor? Proud new parents Cheryl, 33, and Liam Payne, 23, revealed their favourite baby names before welcoming their son 'I am so so happy for you!': Nadine Coyle is one of the first to congraulate Cheryl on the birth of her baby boy...signalling the end of their Girls Aloud feud Transform your home without marking a single wall! Want to have a spring revamp of your house but worried about your landlord? We show you how SPONSORED 'Love you so much': Nicola Roberts congratulates new mum Cheryl... as Liam Payne's One Direction bandmates continue to stay quiet after baby announcement Benedict Cumberbatch names his second son after Shakespearean hero Hal - who close friend Tom Hiddleston played in BBC drama  'I don't know if I'll ever tour again': Emotional Adele ponders huge decision as she brings curtain down on Australian leg of her international tour All over? Ashley Graham shows off her ample assets in a sparkly bikini as she shares steamy behind the scenes snaps from her Sports Illustrated Swimsuit shoot in Fiji The Night Manager's Tom Hiddleston set to titillate with fresh racy scenes as he 'signs up for second series with Hugh Laurie and Olivia Colman' Jennifer Hudson rocks GAY nightclub in thigh-skimming lace minidress hours after filming The Voice semi final  Jubilant mood 'I would have loved more children': Kate Garraway, 49, says she's 'come to terms' with not having another baby Daughter moaned about her age Son direction! Cheryl gives birth to a baby boy with Liam Payne after months of mystery over her pregnancy  Born at Chelsea and Westminster Hospital  Still just friends? Vogue Williams and Spencer Matthews pucker up for passionate Instagram snap as they enjoy romantic holiday in Paris 'I tell her mummy got burnt': TV star and acid attack survivor Katie Piper opens up about explaining her scars to her daughter, three, and says she's vowed to always be honest with her  Jennifer Lopez looks super chic but fails to raise a smile as she enjoys second date night in a row with new beau A-Rod 'The whole thing is sick!': 'Secret' husband of new Real Housewives of Cheshire star Ester Dee claims her on-screen fiancé is a FAKE and reveals he had no idea she was on the show  'Stuff does go wrong': Pregnant Helen Skelton reveals she is 'more nervous' about the birth of her second child after complications with son Ernie's labour Megan McKenna reduced to tears as her relationship with Pete Wicks reaches breaking point on TOWIE The couple air their frustrations Zendaya puts on a very leggy display as she slips into purple leotard for new movie The Greatest Showman...as on-screen love interest Zac Efron is also spotted on set  She's a big kid at heart! Teri Hatcher dons Minnie Mouse ears for outing with her father at Disneyland Paris Picture of glee Just married! Orange Is The New Black star Samira Wiley ties the knot with writer Lauren Morelli in Palm Springs The 29-year-old actress - who plays Poussey  Caught out! Kelly Rowland's assistant helps out after her red stiletto heel gets stuck... following a day exploring the city with two-year-old son Titan 'I've had three stents implanted': Antonio Banderas admits his January scare was a HEART ATTACK... as he attends Film Festival with girlfriend Nikole  Salmon for breakfast and £75 bottles of champagne: Inside exclusive £5,000 maternity ward where Cheryl gave birth to a baby boy Let's party! Heidi Klum and Katy Perry look sensational in fitted frocks as they lead the stars at Elton John's 70th birthday bash  Sensational White hot! Chantel Jeffries shows ex Justin Bieber what he's missing as she puts on a busty display in skimpy bikini Showing him what he's missing? Model Sarah Syder displays her toned curves in monochrome bikini following 'split' from Jaden Smith after two years of dating Kelly Osbourne lends a supportive hand to mum Sharon as they attend Elton John's birthday bash following her emergency back surgery  'He calls me bloody bumhead!' Adele confesses that her mini-me son Angelo, 4, copies her swearing... and even aims insults at her 'The knighthood gives me f*** all': Sir Elton John says his honour means nothing and his sons are 'the icing on the cake' as he celebrates his 70th birthday Noel the Bake Off judge? The only thing he can make is a bowl of pasta! Friend claims comic does not like cooking in the slightest, despite being chosen to front Channel 4 show Former TOWIE star Abigail Clarke shows off ample cleavage and flash of thigh in tight-fitting shirt dress as she attends launch party in London  One Direction star Louis Tomlinson to learn in days if he'll be prosecuted following airport brawl with a photographer and an onlooker 'It made me feel ill': Stephen Belafonte's brother claims his sibling 'punched' ex Mel B's beloved dog Lord... and also felt 'nervous' about him keeping a GUN in the house  Thandie Newton is sophisticated in a rose gold sequin pencil skirt and pretty florals as she hits Westworld screening in Hollywood Johnny Depp returns as swashbuckling Jack Sparrow alongside Carina Smyth in new trailer for Pirates Of The Caribbean 5 Wood you look at that! Evan Rachel wears retro ruffled shirt and suit as she celebrates Westworld at PaleyFest In Westworld she plays an android Doing it for the frills! Lizzy Cundy puts on a leggy display in a tassel-embellished golden dress as she enjoys night out in London Party girl 'I've never been abusive to anyone': Terrence Howard pleads innocence on Twitter...despite previously admitting to hitting ex-wife Blac Chyna flaunts shapely derriere in skintight mini dress as she celebrates 50lb weight loss goal on Snapchat 'You didn't prepare me': Laura Dern reveals her mother thought her Big Little Lies character was 'a b*tch' to co-star Reese Witherspoon 'This place is incredible!' Katie Price kicks off idyllic Maldives getaway by flaunting her surgically enhanced cleavage in VERY racy lace bikini Yummy mummy! Kelly Rowland flaunts slender frame in figure-hugging skirt as she steps out with adorable son Titan, two, at Australian Grand Prix in Melbourne Lottie Moss ditches her typically sexy style for a sophisticated floral shirt dress and cosy coat for star-studded Raffles boxing event Model, 19, looked typically chic Harry Styles shocks fans with surprise debut single teaser during The Voice... moments after he sent social media into meltdown posting cryptic Instagrams MIC's Stephanie Pratt struggles to protect her modesty while holding on to her tiny dog Max as her dress blows open to reveal her slim legs in windy London Nipping out for the evening! Braless Naomi Campbell, 46, stuns in a semi-sheer lacy gown and matching cape at Hong Kong AmfAR gala Gal pal pamper session! Ashley Greene and Cara Santana get massages at Beverly Hills Nail Design Matching denim outfits 'I don't really need to diet': Phillip Schofield admits the 5:2 taught him to 'eat sensibly'... so he now swears by 'intensive pilates' to keep him fit 'Why is Gary Barlow wearing a suit made out of my gran's living-room wallpaper?' Ant & Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway fans crucify Take That's 'carpet and curtains' outfits 'The robbery changed their lifestyle': Kim Kardashian now has security guards '24/7' in wake of Paris heist Guarded every time they leave the house Checkmate! Kendall Jenner flashes toned torso in crop top and flannel as she grabs lunch  Check her out... she's plaid and rad Alesha Dixon puts on a seriously leggy display in olive green suit jacket as she takes to the stage to perform at the Pink Ribbon Ball in Manchester She can't hide! Nicole Murphy stands out in skintight camouflage leggings as she dines at Malibu's hot spot Nobu What feud? Nicole Kidman brushes off fallout rumours with Reese Witherspoon as she opens up about working with the fellow actress on Big Little Lies Doing good! Khloe Kardashian shows off svelte physique in leggings at charity cycle event  Wore Nike gear for the Make March Matter event Amber Turner stuns in sexy figure-hugging white jumpsuit as she goes on girls' night out in London amid TOWIE love drama Love life full of woe Pretty Little Liars stars Ashley Benson and Shay Mitchell stun in stylish ensembles as writers talk finale and 'huge twist' at PaleyFest Jemma Lucy reignites feud with nemesis Charlotte Crosby by calling her a 'fried egg face'... as the Geordie Shore star poses in loved-up snap with beau Stephen Bear The way we move! Ariana Grande sizzles in midriff-baring top and thigh-high white boots while bringing the Dangerous Woman Tour to Vancouver A Royal family day out! Princess Anne is joined by her children and grandchildren to watch Zara competing at the Gatcombe Horse Trials (well it IS in Anne's back garden)  'Stop talking total bulls***': Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson launches into angry denial of rumoured romance with TOWIE's Dan Edgar  The cat's meow! Paris Hilton rocks feline ears as she dances and DJs the night away at Ultra Music Festival  In her element  Back on? Calum Best and former flame Sarah Harding can't contain their excitement as they passionately embrace at documentary screening of his late dad 'If Michelle doesn't win, it better be because YOU won!' Will.i.am backs a rival singer... while contestant Mo breaks down backstage in drama filled The Voice semi-final 'Her legs look painfully thin': Millie Mackintosh sparks concern among fans who urge her to 'stop losing weight' after posting snap of herself with boyfriend Hugo Taylor in Dubai All Wright on the night! Former TOWIE star Jessica sizzles in figure-flaunting red gown alongside glamorous mother Carol as they lead the style at Pink Ribbon Ball 'Someone's hacking my account!' Danniella Westbrook reveals her Twitter has been sabotaged AGAIN after deleting Mother's Day tirade against her teenage daughter  Meghan's mirror-image minder: No, you're not seeing double! Meet the lookalike, dress-alike stylist who is now inseparable from Harry's girl They really are Hollywood's BRIGHTEST stars! Film fans reveal actors who are also doctors, scientists and linguists (and you'd never guess from their goofy on-screen personas) Oscars set for the biggest shake up in its history to avoid a repeat of farcical La La Land blunder at last month's ceremony  'Nights with my love': Ferne McCann flashes the flesh in sexy snaps from loved-up Dubai holiday after reuniting with former flame Arthur Collins Unforgettable! John Legend moves fans to tears as he performs Beauty and the Beast as he celebrates 25th anniversary of Disney Paris  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry pays the price for Wills' dad dance - as HIS ski trip is axed    He has cancelled a trip he was planning to the lively Swiss resort GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Billie Piper (slowly) paints her ex out of the picture  Had letters FOX tattooed on her ring finger after marrying Lewis actor Laurence in 2007 Chris Rock's stand-up act takes surprising turn as Dave Chappelle CRASHES the show to delight of audiences GIRL ABOUT TOWN: The name's Bald... James Bald. Nieces of 007 creator Ian Fleming set to sell hair removal cream  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Photoshop gaffe sparks fans' fears for Millie  Millie Mackintosh (pictured with her boyfriend Hugo Taylor) looked thinner than usual in this snap Viewers left RAGING at the BBC for cutting out LGBT verse from Lady Gaga's Born This Way on Let's Sing And Dance For Comic Relief for the THIRD time this year... as The Chase stars win Spot anything fishy in Noel Edmonds' rowing boat? Walkers left baffled after angling mannequin is left floating for WEEKS on a lake outside presenter's home  Well tressed! Sofia Richie turns heads with sleek hairstyle as she steps out in eye-catching red tartan trousers She's a real beach babe! Hailey Baldwin shows off tan lines and sunkissed physique as she rocks revealing red bathing suit Biker chic! Alessandra Ambrosio cuts edgy figure in leather jacket and boots as she struts through New York   'It is deeply disturbing': Olivia Wilde shares her 'horror' over missing black girls in Washington, D.C. as other celebs react on social media Stars and stripes! Katy Perry cuts a stylish figure in black and white dress with bold lipstick for girls' night out Not so much eye of the tiger... more like zebra Eleven, is that you? Chrissy Teigen channels Stranger Things character as she tries on wigs and glasses Proud mum! Reese Witherspoon supports her son Tennessee at baseball practice as she keeps it casual in jeans and wide-brim hat Hugh Grant enjoys family day in London with girlfriend Anna Eberstein and their baby daughter after his hit performance in Love Actually special Who's the beast of Broadchurch? We haven't a cluedo! Here, we mark the cards of the SEVEN suspects in TV's hottest whodunit  Feminism was BAD for two-thirds of woman, says FAY WELDON: Author risks infuriating working mothers by claiming their cause helped to drive down men's wages by half The Who singer Roger Daltrey wants to outlaw 'immoral' ticket touts who he says are damaging the music industry, fans and charities What a joke! Viewers blast 'car crash' Comic Relief telethon amid foul language, unfunny skits and a blundering Russell Brand... but they still dig deep to raise £71m  Just married! Newlyweds Dave Franco and Alison Brie buy beer just weeks after tying the knot Almost two weeks after it was announced Untamed! Jon Gosselin to make his stripper debut in male revue show on his 40th birthday He's been a reality star, a DJ, a maitre-d', a solar panel installer and cook 'What the f***?!': Mama June has had enough after major skin removal surgery and throws out little red 'Revenge' dress in From Not To Hot LIZ JONES: Like Hugh Grant, a Comic Relief is past its prime  Red Nose Day has for years been irreverent and shocking... but  this year's offering was merely embarrassing Bride-to-be Pippa Middleton gets into shape for her Spring wedding to financier James Matthews as she takes her two dogs for a run in London T Anguish of the Glitter Girl: Secret torment of pop star's cousin as she reveals he abused her when she was just 12 - but she STILL stood by him when he was jailed for child sex crimes  Nicole Kidman channels 'female Lawrence of Arabia' Gertrude Bell alongside Robert Pattinson's explorer hero in dramatic new Queen of the Desert trailer Trendsetter! Candice Swanepoel proves she's the street style queen during pricey shopping trip with friend Made the streets of New York her runway Tallia Storm leaves little to the imagination in racy semi-sheer pastel gown as she makes bold arrival at the Pink Ribbon Ball Bash held at Manchester Airport Is there anything she can't do? Sports Illustrated swimsuit model, 28, is a professional Muay Thai fighter and was formerly a commodities trader Not such a Mad Marquess! How millionaire sibling of socialite Lady Victoria Hervey is rebuilding his family's fortune after inheriting toxic title from his drug-addled brother  Did you get tips from Gisele? Real Housewife Meghan King Edmonds recreates Bundchen's snap as she gets glam while breastfeeding daughter 'These people are paying $20,000 to $40,000 a week': Adele, Justin Bieber and other celebrities visiting Australia are opting for lavish rentals over hotel accommodation Olivia Wilde flings her arms wide while wearing MASSIVE false baby bump as Annette Bening cries out in the street during Life Itself shoot Gavin Rossdale shakes his head in FURY as he is left with no contestants in The Voice final... while Into The Ark, Mo Adeniran, Michelle John and Jamie Miller sail through Frances Bean Cobain defaces her own Marc Jacobs billboard in LA... as the designer praises the stunt on Instagram She's a creative force to be reckoned with Kate Moss steps out for lunch with George Michael's close friend David Austin ahead of late singer's funeral They were both close pals with George Fadi Fawaz cuts a sombre figure as he takes a stroll around London... ahead of late boyfriend George Michael's funeral Unknown if he'll attend PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Pregnant Amy Childs shows off her blooming baby bump in tropical bikini and semi-sheer kaftan as she enjoys sun-soaked holiday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Orlando Bloom enjoys cosy dinner date with Australian model Kristy Hinze during sun-soaked holiday in St. Barts The Secret Agent's hush-hush hideout: Tucked away in Kent, the discreet cottage that a literary legend once called home   Home to writer Joseph Conrad  Stuck Right Now, Thank You Very Much! Geri Horner is left panic stricken after she gets stranded in a tree after Instagram selfie as her 10-year-old daughter comes to her aid Feeling all-white? Kendall Jenner is chic in white ensemble as she pokes fun at her supermodel lifestyle in bizarre performance art video with pal Gigi Hadid She's ready for bikini season! Emily Ratajkowski shows off flat midriff and sculpted figure in tiny string two piece Channel 4 reality show contestants spent a year in wilderness eating chicken feed - only to find out the show had been axed SEVEN MONTHS earlier 'I'd love to know what is more traumatic than divorce': Rob Brydon opens up about his split with his first wife saying he 'lost excitement' with his marriage  Hottie! Lottie Moss oozes sex appeal in plunging semi-sheer bralet and high-waisted trousers during night out in London Fake news! Alec Baldwin SLAMS claims his SNL impressions of US president Donald Trump helped the billionaire win the election 'Giving birth nearly killed me... that's why it was so hard to love my baby': A year since her daughter was born, TV star Marissa Hermer is at last getting to know her  'Current events!': Bethenny Frankel shows off tanned figure in a coral bikini while on holiday in Mexico She visited Play del Carmen Oh là là! MIC's Louise Thompson takes her Instagram pilgrimage to France as she poses around Paris in a variety of skimpy ensembles ahead of 27th birthday She's still smoking! Bikini-clad Gemma Oaten displays her killer abs in sizzling new selfie... after giving up cigarettes during sunhine break in Marrakech 'I found it hard to read and write!' Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry admits she skipped a YEAR of school due to 'embarrassment' over illiteracy 'They're just friends': Christina El Moussa 'only went on a couple of dates' with NHL player Nate Thompson... as friends of star deny romance  'I deserve a treat!' James Argent celebrates reaching halfway point on his weight loss target as he shows off his trimmer physique on Thai break 'Completely inappropriate': Flip or Flop's Christina El Moussa slammed for sharing bikini photo with daughter... as she fires back at being mummy-shamed Cuttings it fine! Lucy Mecklenburgh still makes time to look glam as she dashes to the shops to buy last-minute Mother's Day flowers in leather and denim Abbey-lutely stunning! Clancy oozes glamour in decolletage baring leaf-print gown as she cosies up to dapper husband Peter Crouch  'By anyone's standards, you look ridiculous!': Fans ridicule Megan McKenna after TOWIE star reveals fuller lips in brooding new selfie Kirsten Dunst and fiancé Jesse Plemons cut a casual couple as they stroll through LAX together Her left hand had been shoved into her pocket, obscuring her ring finger Nicola McLean shows off her décolletage in a plunging sheer top as she joins close friend Jamie O'Hara 'You're a nobody': Zayn's sister Doniya Malik slams Scarlett Moffatt after Gogglebox star calls him 'd***head' over 1D star's split with Perrie Edwards Ex On The Beach star Jemma Lucy sports cleavage enhancing dress as she steps out for dinner with girlfriend Chantelle Connelly Helen Flanagan displays her tanned legs in thigh-skimming ice blue dress as she celebrates beau Scott Sinclair's birthday at World Cup party in Dubai Taking the plunge! Charlize Theron dazzles in super low cut black gown for Hong Kong charity gala She looked every inch the screen siren Sisterly love! Lisa Rinna's daughters Delilah and Amelia Hamlin have a giggle as they walk hand in hand to hotspot Catch LA Maria Fowler flashes her legs in thigh-skimming lace minidress as she takes mum Trudy out for a Mother's Day treat Ladies who lunch! Lottie Moss enjoys brunch with Made In Chelsea's Emily Blackwell and adorable pet pooch She's dating MIC star Alex Mytton. 'Go on, babe!' Charlotte Crosby dons skimpy pink bodysuit as she dances up a storm for spectator beau Stephen Bear Keira Knightley steps out for groceries with husband James Righton... as she reprises her Love Actually role for Comic Relief special 'Happy birthday mum, I love you': Louis Tomlinson tweets heartbreaking tribute to his mother Johannah Deakin three months after she passed away  Mel B is 'supported by Emma Bunton at her dad Martin Brown's funeral' after jetting to the UK with her daughters following her divorce bombshell No Holden back! Amanda flashes her legs in racy fishnets as she supports Comic Relief while treading the boards in West End musical Stepping Out Sporty chic! Katy Perry keeps it low-key in black tracksuit and colorful headscarf in West Hollywood Helen Flanagan posts sweet tribute to long-term beau Scott Sinclair on Instagram to celebrate his birthday including family snap with their daughter Matilda Simply the bust! Tyga's ex-fling Demi Rose Mawby flashes the flesh in a VERY revealing mini-dress which only just protects her modesty  'She'll be an amazing mummy!' Fans go wild after old video emerges of Cheryl holding a baby... as she prepares to welcome new arrival with beau Liam Payne 'I don't think I'll ever be comfortable with fame': Lady Gaga admits her rise to stardom was one of the 'most painful' experiences of her life Still adjusting to fame Love on the move! Kate Hudson and rumored boyfriend Danny Fujikawa can't take their eyes off each other as they jet off for weekend getaway 'She looked at me to ask permission to leave, she closed her eyes and went to sleep': Debbie Reynolds' son reveals her final moments as he and hundreds of fans pay tribute to her and daughter Carrie Fisher Phillip Schofield is mercilessly mocked on Twitter in series of hilarious memes for walking across Westminster Bridge as an act of 'defiance' 'Bet you wishing you could clutch that!' Iggy Azalea twerks like a stripper on Snapchat as she shakes her famous derrière in a pink netted leotard No laughing matter: Viewers criticise 'unfunny' Comic Relief after Russell Brand swears live on air, and Cara Delevingne is asked about having sex on a plane  Jeremy McConnell marks social media return with stylish snap... after dramatic week which saw him arrested for 'assaulting ex Stephanie Davis' Love bites! Anwar Hadid's girlfriend Nicola Peltz makes no effort to hide huge hickey in new Instagram Proudly flaunts the looks of love 'We have to be ready': New Justice League trailer unites DC superheroes to battle Parademons It stars Ben Affleck as Batman 'He just messed up on live TV!' Nervous Ed Sheeran suffers on air blunder as he FORGETS the lyrics to his own song during Comic Relief performance 'He's an irresponsible role model!': Heavy D hits back at 'bully' Lewis Bloor for 'fat shaming' him... as duo prepare to face off in nail-biting charity boxing match 'Mommy finger!' Madonna's twin daughters Esther and Stella sing as they receive very first Barbie dolls Joanna Krupa displays her incredible model physique as she poses naked in sizzling Instagram snap while enjoying getaway in St Lucia Let's hit the road! Kourtney Kardashian shares Snapchats of Penelope and Reign playing in Scott Disick's new car Bit nippy? Roxy Jacenko shares cute selfie with her kids Pixie and Hunter... but inadvertently shows more than she bargained for 'You'll probably get laid tonight': Adele raises eyebrows by telling male fans that she makes 'baby-making music' while on-stage at Auckland concert  Good 'Evans! Kelly Brook's ex Thom strips completely naked in racy Instagram post... as he shows off his rippling muscles for charity 'I'm not happy you showed that!' Pamela Anderson 'stormed off Celebrity Juice after they shared unauthorised school picture of her' Sienna Miller covers up in an oversized khaki coat and beanie hat as she attends dinner party in Mayfair accompanied by a male friend Legs eleven! Laverne Cox dons fishnets and racy leather skirt for night out in West Hollywood It has quickly become the go-to spot She's not shy! Brynne Edelsten puts on a VERY racy display as she poses in a see-through dress that reveals her red bra and G-string at Grand Prix Penthouse party  It's a girl! Amanda Seyfried and new husband Thomas Sadoski welcome first child They're in sync! Selma Blair cozies up to silver fox boyfriend Ron Carlson during lunch outing 'It's been handled!' John Legend's $31k suitcase is stolen at airport... but police swiftly get it back 'It felt like my body was eating itself': Charlie Webster almost died when she was struck down by malaria at the Rio Olympics and her organs shut down - here she reveals the terrifying story Too Posh to pooch! Victoria Beckham gets a member of staff to take hold of the family dog as she walks through London with Harper and her shopping bags  'Bawling my eyes out': Twitter applauds Hugh Grant's poignant Love Actually 2 speech declaring 'good's going to win' as he resurrects Downing Street dance to Hotline Bling Good jeans! Mila Kunis shows off her incredible form in fitted denim with a striped top and makeup-free face  Don't Stop... Cooking! Former S Club 7 star Rachel Stevens named as first contestant to join new series of Celebrity Masterchef  She's more known for her singing and dancing. Sundae funday! Simon Cowell and partner Lauren Silverman take son Eric out for ice cream  Dressed to the nines! Eva Longoria walks arm-in-arm with Melanie Griffith to Hollywood hotspot Thrifty Princess Mary recycles a floral skirt and conservative black top as she stepped out to celebrate 100 years of the Copenhagen Business School  'Definition of car crash TV': Viewers slam 'totally unfunny' Comic Relief as it's overshadowed by bad language, crude jokes and technical glitches Bella Hadid showcases her sculpted abs and bronzed pins in sports bra and tiny shorts for sultry Nike photo shoot Victoria's Secret model, 20, in action mode Bob Mortimer and Vic Reeves shock with fake penis pre-watershed on Comic Relief... as viewers slam 'cringeworthy' Susanna Reid sketch Fans rejoice over Love Actually 2: Colin Firth has three kids, Liam Neeson's son is engaged and Andrew Lincoln's married to Kate Moss on Red Nose Day special Formula fun! Lewis Hamilton gets friendly with model Brooke Hogan as local celebrities and reality TV stars arrive at the Australian Grand Prix Keeping a low profile! Dakota Johnson cuts grungy figure in graphic print black top and frayed jeans as she gets in some retail therapy Red Nose Day 2017 lays on the nostalgia as British comedy classics Love Actually, Smack The Pony and French & Saunders reunite to raise money for Comic Relief MORSE'S ALL-STARS: As the show's creator dies, can you recognise the countless celebrities who made guest appearances  A future Time Lord and a Harry Potter star...? No bad blood here! Jenny Thompson and Zaralena Jackson enjoy girls' night out in VERY racy ensembles... after both hooking up with Aaron Chalmers on Ex On The Beach 'I don't know how to answer this!' Cara Delevingne looks awkward as Graham Norton makes her talk about the time she had sex on a plane... as her dad watches in audience Baby love! Paloma Faith shows off her toned post-pregnancy figure as she enjoys outing with her three-month-old in the London sunshine Red hot! Eva Longoria sizzles in clingy pencil skirt as she films brand new TV comedy Type A It's been a while since she regularly graced our TV screens 'Fed up' Kate Wright hits back at vitriolic trolls as she denies plastic surgery rumours in epic social media rant  Voiced her frustration Kerry Katona's autobiographical one-woman show is CANCELLED after it 'sells fewer than 40 tickets' No Q&A session  Ant and Dec in patriotic boxers, a fire eater and an angry beardy magician: New BGT promo shots promise a VERY action-packed series Scarlett Moffatt cuts a cool and casual figure at Saturday Night Takeaway rehearsals... as she brushes off Zayn's sister Doniya branding her a 'nobody' Racing stripes! Nicole Kidman looks effortlessly chic in cropped jeans and a pinstripe blazer as she greets fans at the Australian Grand Prix 'Do you really think this baby's going to call you Grandmama?' New Made In Chelsea trailer teases Binky Felstead's mum Jane's reaction to her pregnancy news Pete who? Megan McKenna oozes confidence while showing off her enviable figure in tight jeans as she hits the town for a girls' night out after Wicks split Cut that out! Halle Berry keeps it casual in ripped jeans and clingy black tank top for lunch date Chloe Lewis ignores public feud with Denise Van Outen as she cosies up to beau on a spa break... amid claims she cost charity 'thousands' 'I wrote my best hits in my bedroom': Paul McCartney says he and John Lennon penned their best Beatles hits while sat 'opposite each other on twin beds'  'He was my second dad': Dwayne Johnson pays tribute to late Boston drummer Sib Hashian...whose daughter is wrestler's girlfriend  'It was the one disagreement we had on set': Kristen Bell clashed with husband Dax Shepard over her CLEAVAGE as they filmed CHiPs Making a splash in Puerto Vallarta! Twin Peaks vet Madchen Amick, 46, shows off pert bottom in wet T-shirt as she enjoys dream vacation Bold and beautiful! Joanna Krupa oozes glamour in off-the-shoulder top as she steps out in LA Ex-Real Housewives Of Miami star, 37, wore denim Mum's the word! Nicole Kidman leaves her mother's house in Sydney with husband Keith Urban and daughters Sunday Rose and Faith Margaret VIDEO EXCLUSIVE: Sultry Irina Shayk flashes her cleavage as she models plunging lace bralette from Intimissimi Stepping out in style! Pretty Little Liars leading lady Shay Mitchell rocks ripped jeans during lunch date with co-star Ashley Benson 'The body is meant to be seen': Bella Thorne goes braless in Marilyn Monroe inspired Instagram Some like it lots Twins! Jennifer Garner and mini-me daughter Violet, 11, step out in matching glasses and cardigans The 44-year-old and her mini-me daughter were in Brentwood, California Did Hollywood sex symbol Lana Turner kill her lover? Historian claims late star let her daughter take the blame after she murdered her violent Mafia mobster boyfriend  Kim Kardashian and Kanye West join mourners at the funeral of his cousin Ricky Anderson's toddler son Avery 'I got my first solo!' Internet star Rosie McClelland updates fans since appearing on The Ellen DeGeneres Show with cousin Sophia Grace It's Grandma Jenner! Kris shows off her artistic talent on visit to North West's preschool for Grandparents Day Keeping up with the Art Brushians? 'Their kissing has made 2017': Twitter explodes as Ed Sheeran shares passionate Comic Relief kiss with Greg Davies Ed pays to house and school homeless boy 'A glimpse behind the lens': Brooklyn Beckham, 18 announces release date for his photography book 'What I See' with moody Instagram snap Semi-autobiographical 'Can't be a***d': Take That spills the beans on why they never cracked America as Howard Donald admits if he left the band they 'would be all right' Cher quits Lifetime movie about Flint water crisis over 'serious family issue'... amid reports she's 'worried' about her 90-year-old mom's health BEL MOONEY: My selfish husband won't admit his flirting is a painful betrayal  This week, Bel advises a woman who feels she may be over-reacting 'Blimey, he looks 30 years younger!': Twitter is sent into a frenzy over 58-year-old Lenny Henry's youthful and slim appearance as he presents Comic Relief See, we are pals! Jake Gyllenhaal Facetimes Ryan Reynolds as actor takes a walk with daughter Ines Late Night host Seth Meyers implied people couldn't believe it Mighty more-film Power Rangers! Creator Haim Saban confirms plan to shoot FIVE sequels It just keeps powering on and on Undercover 'Lover'! Sofia Richie is nearly unrecognisable in oversized wool coat as she dons cheeky top while grabbing iced coffee in LA Me you're looking for? 'If only my brown eyes were blue': Platinum blond Jahmene Douglas is unrecognisable after jaw-dropping makeover in impassioned post about racism Hitting the green juice early! Victoria Beckham swaps posh for sporty as she takes adorable daughter Harper, 5, for a morning stroll in London Her leading man! January Jones jets out of Los Angeles with her son Xander Star of Fox sitcom The Last Man On Earth held her five-year-old son's hand Millie Mackintosh flaunts her sun-kissed figure in a floral ruffled bikini as she larks around with a gal pal in Dubai Chloe Goodman and lookalike sisters Lauryn and Amelia put their enviable abs on display in matching ensembles as they jet off to the Maldives Fitness first: Lucy Mecklenburgh displays her incredibly taut abs in a white bralet as she gears up for workout session in Marbella sunshine Ryan Lochte steps out for vegan lunch with pregnant fiancee Kayla Rae Reid They ate at hotspot Gracias Madre and walked holding hands Pawfect pals! Jane Fonda beams as she hits the red carpet with her human and dog besties Lily Tomlin and Tulea Working ca-nine to five RHOA's Phaedra Parks has to 'refile for divorce' from incarcerated ex Apollo Nida... who's already engaged 'Intentionally misspelled parties' names' 'It smelled like a Nimbin boarding house': Justin Bieber's rented Mosman mansion 'needed to be professionally de-odorised after the pop star left' 'I had so much love for that baby': Loni Love sobs as she reveals devastating miscarriage is the reason she never had children Tragedy occurred when she was in her late 20s Battle to become the Zara Zillionaire: How a railway worker's son created the world's most successful fashion brand leaving his two daughters vying to inherit the £58bn empire EXCLUSIVE 'Putting on weight is the sign of a happy marriage': Katie Piper dazzles in her wedding dress as she reveals her secrets to marital bliss Jake Quickenden's mother breaks down in tears on Loose Women as he thanks her for 'helping me cope' after loss of his father and brother to cancer Cheeky Ashley Graham poses up a storm in booty-baring swimsuits from her new swimwear line She flaunted every inch of her eye-popping figure 'Everything happened for a reason': Rapper Future talks truce with ex fiance Ciara after lengthy public battle Engagement, matching tattoos, breakup, custody battle and lawsuits Being hounded? Tom Hardy steps out clad in his 1920s threads as he films the latest series of Peaky Blinders with his dog pal Woody by his side in Southport Chaos in the courtroom! Family brawl breaks out in gallery as suspects in double murder involving RHONJ star's car are denied bond Italian screen legend Gina Lollobrigida loses 'fake marriage' case against Spanish husband 34 years her junior Battle over £35m fortune 'Who knows what happens with them a few months down the road?': Richard Gere, 67, throws cold water on romantic fate of Pretty Woman leads 'Not possible': NeNe Leakes reacts to the rumour of Kim Zolciak getting bigger pay than her for RHOA return The frenemies will need to 'cheque' to find out Ready to rumba! Erika Jayne and dance partner Gleb Savchenko kiss and hug as they prepare to do yet another gruelling practice session Fuller House's Jodie Sweetin ends engagement to would-be fourth husband Justin Hodak just two weeks after happily walking red carpet together Yazmin Oukhellou stuns on date night with TOWIE star boyfriend James Lock... as they touch back down in Essex after PDA packed break 'Before and After!' The Hills star Jason Wahler compares old mug shot to his present self as he celebrates sobriety Uses Instagram to help his followers Move over, The Simpsons! Kris Jenner 'planning new animated Kardashian series' featuring Kim and her sisters with producer Harvey Weinstein  'There's glass breaking in the master bedroom!': Petrified Kylie Jenner phones mom Kris during burglary scare in new Kardashians teaser Thigh's the limit! Caitlyn Jenner puts on a leggy display in mini sweater-dress as she picks up daily caffeine fix She stands at 6ft 2in tall How the other half lives! A millionaire family that splashes out £1,700 a week swapped homes (and lives) with one that scrapes by on £138 - and intriguing lessons emerged She FLIPS it and REVERSES it! 15 years after Missy Elliot's song 'Work it' came out, young fans share their shock after realising that one of the lyrics is repeated backwards Rebekah Vardy calls out vile troll who tweeted 'I hope your son dies' after she breastfed baby Finley while live on Loose Women 'It was a big deal': Amber Heard reveals she was warned coming out as bisexual would harm her career She was at an  Economist event It's another girl! DWTS duo Gleb Savchenko and Elena Samodanova expecting second child The Russian couple are having baby #2! He's one laid back superhero! Tom Holland chills out in his suit in first Spider-Man: Homecoming poster A very laid back Spidey in  yellow leather jacket Shady ladies! With stars like Kourtney Kardashian and Gigi Hadid already rocking spring's hottest sunglasses, FEMAIL curated the season's biggest runway trends Pink hair don't care! Joss Stone shows off her newly-dyed bubblegum locks as she parades her trim frame in skintight frock at photocall in Portugal Twinder: Cory Booker turns Twitter into dating app and asks Mindy Kaling out after series of flirty exchanges that began when she trashed New Jersey Keeping Up Appearances' Patricia Routledge says Prince Charles is 'pleased' she's finally been made a Dame...as hockey star Sam Quek is honoured 'Can't wait to work out!' Make-up free Davina McCall, 49, shows off her incredible bikini body in sizzling holiday throwback snap 'I didn't realise that it was anything more than just being a woman': Dancer and actress Julianne Hough opens up about her struggle with endometriosis 'It's been handled!' John Legend's $31k suitcase is stolen at airport... but police swiftly get it back Luckily for the singer, airport cops found it Kanye West settles with Hungarian singer who filed $2.5million lawsuit accusing the hip-hop artist of stealing his work in the 2013 track 'New Slaves' Kate and William choose £6,000-a-term Thomas's School in Battersea for Prince George - NOT following in his father's footsteps 'Ready for any storm!' Lindsay Lohan highlights her slender body in a floral swimsuit on paddleboard  Soaked up the sun  Nautical but nice! Pixie Lott looks leggy in a sexy sailor outfit at she hits Dolce & Gabbana party in LA The pop princess, 26, was flying the flag Will he propose? Paris Hilton says actor beau Chris Zylka is 'the one' and teases that her fans should 'stay tuned' to what happens next with romance David Beckham cuts a dapper figure in a tailored grey suit as he steps out in Hong Kong as global ambassador for life insurance company  Working it! Newest contestants on RuPaul's Drag Race reveal their inspirations - from Kim Kardashian to Miss Piggy - as they pose for striking Paper Magazine shoot The bump's off! Olivia Wilde ditches her prosthetic tummy during break on set of new film Life Itself  The move is being filmed in New York 'We had a crazy three years together and it came to a natural end': Holly Hagan confirms 'amicable' split from Geordie Shore co-star Kyle Christie Willoughboobies are no more! Holly's ample assets are paid a cheeky tribute on Celeb Juice after the star vows to put her saucy lingerie days behind her First look at Casting JonBenét: Netflix releases trailer revisiting the murder of six-year-old beauty queen 20 years on A two-minute teaser Braless Mariah Carey suffers embarrassing wardrobe malfunction as her skintight sheer mini leaves her exposed during night on the town Catfish star Robert Brian Clark, 33, dies in freak motorcycle accident after coming off his bike crossing railroad tracks and being hit by a passing car  'I'm taking every little thing in because I know it won't happen again': Emma Willis admits she is relishing motherhood after giving birth to third child with husband Matt  'She said her next project was "some pirate thing... probably a disaster"': Richard Curtis on the success of Keira Knightley ahead of Love Actually sequel 'I'm the schmuck who landed on the taxiway': Harrison Ford's apologetic call to air traffic control after close-call landing released Juicy fruit! Chloe Khan puts on an eye-popping display as she squeezes her VERY ample assets into a skimpy string bikini during sunny holiday in Dubai Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
AirZim deal collapses – Nehanda Radio Home News Politics Business Opinion Bizarre Courts Local Diaspora World Showbiz Sports Search 22 C Harare Sunday, March 26, 2017 About Us Contact Us Advertising Listen to Radio Privacy Policy Who is Who News Alerts Nehanda Radio Home News Politics Business Opinion Bizarre Courts Local Diaspora World Showbiz Sports Home Business AirZim deal collapses Business News AirZim deal collapses Mar 24, 2017 2 1484 By Shame Makoshori Plans by the country’s beleaguered airline, Air Zimbabwe (AirZim), to lease modern passenger aircraft from Malaysia Airlines have hit a brick wall after the two parties could not agree on terms underpinning the multi-million dollar deal, the Financial Gazette can exclusively report. Minister of Transport and Infrastructural Development, Dr Joram Gumbo Zimbabwe had made giant strides in negotiating the acquisition of Boeing 787 Dreamliners from Malaysia Airlines to turn around the fortunes of the troubled AirZim, which is wallowing in debt estimated at about US$300 million. The two parties had opened discussions on the deal after President Robert Mugabe had led a delegation to Kuala Lumpur, the capital of Malaysia, last year to scout for opportunities for the landlocked southern African country. His delegation comprised Transport and Infrastructure Development Minister Joram Gumbo and aviation experts from AirZim who used the visit to the south-east Asian country to engage Malaysia Airlines with a view to either acquire or lease long-haul planes while parallel efforts back home focussed on identifying routes that would help the national flag carrier return to the black. Government had shown interest in the Boeing 787 Dreamliners, which are basically long-haul, mid-size wide body, twin engine jet airliner manufactured by the United States’ Boeing Commercial Airplanes. AirZim board chairperson, Chipo Dyanda, could not be drawn into commenting on the latest development saying: “This is a shareholder matter. I refer you to the Minister of Transport and Infrastructural Development.” Gumbo confirmed this week that the discussions with Malaysia Airlines had fallen through and that AirZim had since shifted its focus elsewhere. “I am still talking with potential airlines and we may agree soon,” said Gumbo. “At the moment I do not want to say who they are. We were talking to 11 airlines in Singapore, in Ethiopia and other countries and there was nothing special about Malaysia. I only mentioned Malaysia (last year) because I went there to see planes that they were not using but we could not agree on certain issues,” he added. A new and efficient fleet would be crucial in AirZim’s struggle to return to profitability after meddling by government and years of mismanagement pushed the airline into its current crisis. It has been operating old aircraft that have been guzzling fuel and piling up expenses. AirZim has battled to compete for market share with regional competitors such as South African Airways, among others, which have invested in modern aircraft to save costs and attract the industry’s demanding clientele. Sources said AirZim was making progress on acquiring at least four Boeing 777s (B777s) aircraft from an undisclosed supplier. It also emerged that the AirZim board was exploring the possibility of establishing a new company to house the new fleet and start on a clean slate. Although this idea has not been officially communicated to government, the new airline could be called Zimbabwe Airways and would have the four aeroplanes as its first major assets. AirZim’s debt burden is one of the impediments to its ability to acquire new planes, as well as reaching agreement with a technical partner to steer the parastatal out of the woods. A new company is therefore seen as the most viable alternative to circumvent the problem, and even insulate the new planes from seizure by creditors. It was not immediately clear if the deal involves an outright acquisition or a lease, although indications are that AirZim would take delivery of the first batch of the B777s planes in the coming few months. If the national flag carrier is to acquire the planes, it could spend almost US$1 billion. The lowest priced model of the 777 family, the Boeing 777-200ER, costs US$261,5 million, while the Boeing 777-300ER goes for US$320,2 million. This, apparently, is costly for AirZim, whose shareholder, government, is broke and has spent the past year battling to pay its bloated civil service. It therefore does not have the financial wherewithal to fund the acquisition. The latest information appears to suggest that the AirZim board has ignored recommendations from consultants that it acquires two Dreamliner B787s and Brazilian assembled Embrear jetliners. The Embraer was briefly operated by AirZim on domestic and regional flights under a lease agreement three years ago. A report by audit consultants, EY, on the airline’s operations three years ago had recommended that AirZim should acquire or lease two B787 jetliners, which are smaller than the B777s. This was in addition to AirZim’s existing fleet. A feasibility assessment committee report came up with similar recommendations, according to sources familiar with the discussions. The committee had recommended that the airline procures a fleet of the Brazilian assembled 60-seater Embraer jetliners for domestic and short regional routes to significantly reduce costs on domestic routes, where AirZim has been operating the B737s, or even the much bigger B767s. There have been reports that AirZim has been flying with as low as three passengers on the Johannesburg-Harare route. The 150-seater Airbus A320 has also been flying on domestic and regional routes. AirZim is currently leasing two Airbus planes, one of which has been grounded ever since its delivery to the parastatal. Currently, AirZim has been grappling with declining load factors, and chief executive officer, Ripton Muzenda, has ordered that flights on the Harare-Kariba-Victoria Falls route should immediately be discontinued. A Chinese made MA60 plane, which is fuel efficient aircraft but costly to maintain, had been servicing the route. Passenger numbers have plummeted to about 230 000 per annum in the past few years, from a peak of one million in 1996, as travellers opt for other airlines on the four domestic destinations it services. The airline, currently flying into South Africa, Zambia and Tanzania, has been planning to re-launch the cash-spinning Harare-London flights, but airline executives have warned that without modern jetliners, it would be a waste of time because it would most certainly face stiff competition. AirZim’s aged fleet comprises of two Boeing 767s, three B737s, three MA60s and two Airbus A320s. Out of these planes, only four are flying – one airbus, one Boeing 767, one 737 and an MA60. Only two were in operation last week. The airline came close to liquidation when it stopped flights in 2011 before its sole shareholder took the decision to resume operation in November 2012. AirZim was also struggling due to a debt overhang; outstanding salaries/wages; collapsed administration systems; bloated staff complement; top-heavy management and limited route network consisting of local and two regional flights, namely South Africa and Tanzania that would inevitably affect its revenue. The Dyanda-led board has addressed the top-heavy management by putting in place a lean structure. Currently, a staff audit and restructuring exercise is underway to ensure the right people are in the right places and the airline carries a wage and salary bill it can afford and for the right kind of skills, knowledge and technical expertise. “We have also restructured the executive to ensure efficiency and reliability and to also upgrade and modernise systems that had collapsed and were outdated. Two new posts of chief operating officer and an executive manager (systems and administration) were created to achieve efficiency, reliability and modernisation of airline systems. We have also appointed an executive with the right technical skills, commitment and vision that the airline can be revived, can be viable and profitable to enable it to significantly contribute to national development by complementing road and rail transportation,” said Dyanda. “Above all, we are crafting a new three-year strategic plan with a different operational and business model so that we redirect the company to become a competitive airline in the next three years. In addition, these proposed changes are being done in a holistic, forward-looking and visionary manner to give the airline a new robust foundation for growth and development. In crafting this strategic plan, we have engaged our stakeholders to understand their needs and expectations from the airline, re-engaged the shareholder on the airline mandate as the national carrier and re-engineered the business model and systems. “As for the payment of retrenched workers’ packages, they are being paid monthly to the capacity of the airline. As a board, we are cognisant of their struggle to fend for their families, but we are limited by the funds available from a limited route network and the need to balance their needs with the operational requirements of the company. Some of them, with the right skills and expertise, may be re-absorbed in the company through the restructuring process currently underway. In addition, as the airline begins to have a good footing, more manpower may be required and more will be absorbed. The business model being proposed has the capacity to grow the business, but in some cases human resources will need upgrading to cope with the new demands.” Regarding EY’s recommendations, Dyanda said these were being considered as part of the 2017-2020 strategic plan. “Some recommendations from this report will be integrated with other strategies that have since come on board due to the developments in airline management, viability and profitability,” she said. Dyanda said no single solution was the magic wand for the revival of the airline, adding that money was not the only solution to the problems besetting the airline. “There are several strategies that are being put in place among them searching for a strategic partner by the shareholder, upgrading employee skills, knowledge and attitudes, changing the culture of the organisation, modernisation of the airline systems, rebranding to change the negative perceptions the airline has earned over the years and energising commitment and the vision of those running the organisation,” she said. The planned acquisition of B777 planes has already sparked heated debate within the airline, with questions being raised over the rationale behind purchasing long haul airliners during at a time when debts in London have meant that the national flag carrier cannot operate on this most lucrative route, for instance. “The bigger and the more the planes, the more cash those behind the acquisitions would get…. This has nothing to do with AirZim’s requirements. It only needs two big 787s. But four planes will give them more kickbacks. They want to make money out of aircraft acquisitions,” said a source. Financial Gazette TAGS Air Zimbabwe Joram Gumbo Kuala Lumpur Ripton Muzenda Previous article‘Rogue’ States back Zim at UN inquiry Next articleGovt pays US$35m to CAPS creditors Esther Gomo RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Heavy rains wash away Zimbabwe’s roads, leaving crops stranded Air Zim fails to submit financials in 8 years Urban tolling a necessary evil: Kasukuwere tinosi bhebhe Air Zimbabwe will never make money out of leasing Aircraft, unless it purchases a totally new fleet of Aircraft and start operating direct flights from German, Netherlands, Japan, China and The USA to Victoria Falls, they must shut up and close shop. They must rather leave the routes to Emirates and make money on Airport Taxes period. Tino The reporter never researched whether other regional airlines are also making money. There was mention of SAA as one of major competitors but that airline is surviving on bailouts from tax payer’s money not profit. Find us on Facebook Follow us on Social Media 335,492FansLike 17,025FollowersFollow 658FollowersFollow 67,390FollowersFollow 5,690SubscribersSubscribe Receive News via Email Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner Video of the Week ABOUT USWhatsapp +263-773-011-022 Contact us: [email protected] FOLLOW US About Us Contact Us Advertising Listen to Radio Privacy Policy Who is Who News Alerts © Nehanda Radio: All Rights Reserved
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Impossible Project I-1 Polaroid Camera: The Gizmodo Review Leica's Waterproof X-U Camera: The Gizmodo Review Car Reviews Six Hours In An Aston Martin DB11 BMW i3 REx: Australian Review Volvo S90: Australian Review 2016 Holden Astra: Australian Review Phone Reviews Samsung Galaxy A5 & A7: Australian Review Huawei Mate 9: Australian Review Oppo R9s: Australian Review Motorola Moto Z: Australian Review PC Reviews SCUF Infinity1 And Infinity4PS Pro Controllers: The Australian Review iKBC F87 Australian Review: No Frills, No Fuss Origin PC Chronos: Australian Review LG 27UD88 4K FreeSync Monitor: Australian Review Smartwatch Reviews Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review The Pebble 2 Is Now The Only Fitness Tracking Smartwatch You Need Fitbit Charge 2 Review: The Best Fitness Tracker, Period Gadgets Reviews North Face Access Pack: Australian Review Building The IKEA Bike Is A Pain Worth Suffering Through Samsung Powerbot VR9300 Robot Vacuum Cleaner: Australian Review DJI Mavic Pro 4K Drone Review: So Close To Terrific Gaming Reviews The Nintendo Switch: Australian Impressions Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Razer's eSports Gear Didn't Make Me Want To Play An eSport, But It Sure Is Nice Anyway Entertainment Reviews Aldi Cocoon Ultra HD Media Player: Australian Review BeatsX Wireless Headphones: Australian Review The Animated Beauty And The Beast Remains A Near-Perfect Masterpiece Samsung Q8 QLED TV: Australian Review LG's 2017 OLED TVs: Australian Review Aldi Cocoon Ultra HD Media Player: Australian Review BeatsX Wireless Headphones: Australian Review The Animated Beauty And The Beast Remains A Near-Perfect Masterpiece Smart Home & Gadgets US Supreme Court Printer Cartridge Case Could Be The Citizens United Of Products Apple's Latest Patent Is For A Notebook Chassis Powered By Your iPhone Or iPad Don't Get Hit By A Nerf Dart Travelling At Twice The Speed Of Sound Hot Toys' Spectacular 'Homemade' Spider-Man: Homecoming Figure, And More Of The Best Toys Of The Week Mobile Prosecutors Say They Are Hacking Over 100 Phones Confiscated At US Inauguration Protests A Four-Year-Old Boy Used Siri To Save His Unconscious Mother's Life Huawei GR5: Australian Price And Availability Deals: Charge Your iPhone 7 And Listen to Music With These 2-In-1 Cables Car Tech Garmin's Newest Dashcams Feature Voice Control Tesla Is Setting Up Shop In Brisbane Uber's President Just Quit Cars Are Killing Us Online #GOPDnD Has The Best Dungeons & Dragons Game Ever After Trumpcare Failed Report: Uber CEO's Group Trip To Escort Bar Made Female Employee 'Feel Horrible' Gchat Is Dead, You'll Have To Hangout In The Future Streaming Music Services, From Most Screwed To Least Screwed Science & Health Why The Alien From Life Should Actually Scare You Uranus Is A Wonderland And We Should Go There Smart Female Guppies Don't Wind Up With Losers Why Is This Quasar Running Away From Such A Handsome Galaxy? Cameras Rediscovered 1920s Home Movies Are The First To Show The White House In Colour This Nest Security Flaw Is Remarkably Stupid UK Testing Out Drone Army To Beef Up Its Already Robust Surveillance State  High Definition Footage Of New York, In 1993?! Computing US Congressman Wants To Use Facial Recognition To Track Immigrants Five Things You Should Know Before Building Your Own PC Deals: Learn One Of The Most In-Demand Coding Languages For Just $55 Watch This Guy Catch A Virtual Reality Ball That Turns Out To Be Real Gaming Supergirl Shows Up To Fight Her Jerk Cousin In Injustice 2 Sydney's Microsoft Store Is Holding Free Game Development Workshops Game Of Thrones Is Getting A Tabletop Miniatures Game... Of Thrones Mass Effect: Andromeda Is Full Of SpaceX Easter Eggs Entertainment Man In Joker Makeup Charged With Felony For 'Wearing Mask' Everything Justice League Trailer Tells Us About The Story, Heroes And Villains Deadpool Meets Beauty & The Beast, The Musical Parody We Had To Have Justice League Trailer Unites The Team And World Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Smart Home & Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment Streaming Music Services, From Most Screwed To Least Screwed India And New Zealand Were Wrong To Recognise Rivers As Persons Does This Leaked Deadpool 2 Concept Art Reveal Brad Pitt As Cable? Can't Own A Dog? Don't Worry, Now You Can Borrow One US Diplomat Was Investigated For Spying As A Kid Because He Kept Writing To Boeing Asking For Photos Matt Novak Mar 24, 2017, 11:00pm ⋅ Filed to:  air force fbi fbi foia foia foia requests military navy northrop paleofuture Share By most standards, Robert F. Dorr lived the most all-American, patriotic life anyone possibly could. He served in the Air Force, he was a diplomat with the State Department from the 1960s to the 1980s, and he went on to be a successful author and TV pundit about military affairs. But as a teenager, Dorr was investigated by the FBI for potential espionage. His crime? He kept writing to Boeing asking for photos of their planes. Military historian and US diplomat Robert F. Dorr in a photo from October of 2003 (Photo by Jon Smythe) Dorr died in June from a brain tumour at the age of 76, and will be remembered for his writings on military history. But his newly released FBI file, obtained by Gizmodo through a Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) request, is actually quite humorous in retrospect, given his interests. Back in the 1950s, when he was still just a kid, the Pentagon and the FBI were concerned that he might be a spy. When he was 14 years old, Dorr wrote multiple letters to companies like Boeing, asking for 8x10 glossy photos of their latest planes. His devotion was like that of a fan enamoured with his favourite singer. But the FBI was alerted to this unusual activity and opened an investigation. Letter sent by then-14-year-old Robert F. Door in 1953 to Boeing, requesting a photo of the company's latest plane (FBI through FOIA request) In one of the pages from the FBI file you can see a 1953 letter from the teenage Dorr asking for photos of the KB-47, an experimental plane that was intended to refuel B-47s while in the air. But this made the authorities nervous. The first page of the newly-released file was a referral from a tipster at the Pentagon dated January 1954. It explains that someone from Washington, DC who goes by the name Robert F. Dorr keeps writing to Boeing asking for photos of planes, information that they regarded as classified. Letters from the same address under the name F.B. Newman were reportedly coming to Boeing as well. Excerpt from the newly released FBI file of military historian Robert F. Dorr, opened when he was just 14 years old (FBI through FOIA request) The saddest part? The teenage boy was denied his glossy photos. According to the file, Boeing's images of the aircraft were considered classified at the time, and they couldn't be released. But at this point in 1954 the FBI still had no idea who this Dorr person was. Could it be a secret Soviet spy sending hamfisted messages to Boeing openly asking for photos? No one knew. Excerpt from the newly released FBI file of military historian Robert F. Dorr, opened when he was just 14 years old (FBI through FOIA request) By 13 January 1954 the FBI had figured out that Dorr was just a kid and that his requests were "innocuous," as they described them. And the FBI had also determined that Newman was actually Dorr by looking at the similar misspellings of "Wichita" and the fact that the letters came from the same typewriter. It's unclear, however, why he was using a second name, F.B. Newman, to ask for photos. But the investigation didn't end there. According to the FBI file, another investigation was opened in June of 1954 because Dorr was still asking for information from the Air Force about its bases. Dorr had written to Bergstrom Air Force base in Texas asking for photos of the F-84F turbojet bomber. So the Air Force even sent local agents to investigate the kid. Excerpt from the newly released FBI file of military historian Robert F. Dorr, opened when he was just 14 years old (FBI through FOIA request) Their conclusion? He was a "loyal American boy" who just wanted aerial photos of US Air Force bases because that kind of thing was his hobby. Excerpt from the newly released FBI file of military historian Robert F. Dorr, opened when he was just 14 years old (FBI through FOIA request) Yet again, the investigation didn't end there. Dorr's 15 July 1954 letter asking for photos of the the Navy's Vought F7U-3 Cutlass is also included in the file. It seems every branch of the military was on high alert about this schoolboy's curiosity. In his letter about the F7U-3, Dorr even specified that the photos wouldn't be reproduced, but perhaps he should have explained that he was just a hobbyist — and a 15-year-old one at that. Excerpt from the newly released FBI file of military historian Robert F. Dorr, opened when he was just 14 years old (FBI through FOIA request) But the report on Dorr from 1 September 1954 is perhaps the funniest. The Air Force sent investigators to talk to his former teacher. The teacher called Dorr a "loyal and an average American boy", but also said he was "lazy in school work". Excerpt from the newly released FBI file of military historian Robert F. Dorr, opened when he was just 14 years old (FBI through FOIA request) Ouch. The last page of the file is dated 14 April 1955 and concerns letters that Dorr wrote to the Air Force the previous February asking about the Northrop F-89D Scorpion Jet. The FBI file notes that the Air Force sent the teenager a letter in reply to say that they couldn't disclose any information about the F-89D because it was classified. After that, it would appear that the military and the FBI realised that this kid wasn't a threat. You can read the entire 23-page file on Robert F. Dorr, which I've uploaded to Scribd. I guess we all do dumb things when we're kids. Some of us turn to vandalism or drugs. Dorr got an FBI file because he wanted photos of planes so that he could nerd out in his bedroom. Comments darylcheshire @darylcheshire Mar 25, 2017, 6:40am When I was 16 I visited the CSIRO laboratory and spoke to them about radioactivity and later the centre administrator called my father. My father got cross with the administrator and me. There were no security followups. Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now LG's 2017 OLED TVs: Australian Review Rae Johnston 26 Mar 2017 6:30 AM LG (currently) has the monopoly on OLED screens, and for good reason - the technology is notoriously expensive and difficult to engineer. But the results? Genuinely the closest you will get to a high-quality cinema experience in the home. But after spending the night with LG's latest OLED range, I'd say it's even better. India And New Zealand Were Wrong To Recognise Rivers As Persons George Dvorsky 25 Mar 2017 1:30 PM Courts in New Zealand and India have granted legal personhood status to three rivers. The strange status is meant to protect the waters from pollution, but the measure could lead to unintended consequences, while undermining efforts to grant personhood status to living beings who actually deserve it. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Charge Your iPhone 7 And Listen to Music With These 2-In-1 Cables Deals: Learn One Of The Most In-Demand Coding Languages For Just $55 Buy A LG G6, Get A Free TV Deals: Become A Linux Administrator With This Training Program Trending Articles 1 LG's 2017 OLED TVs: Australian Review 2 India And New Zealand Were Wrong To Recognise Rivers As Persons 3 Why The Alien From Life Should Actually Scare You #GOPDnD Has The Best Dungeons & Dragons Game Ever After Trumpcare Failed Report: Uber CEO's Group Trip To Escort Bar Made Female Employee 'Feel Horrible' Man In Joker Makeup Charged With Felony For 'Wearing Mask' US Supreme Court Printer Cartridge Case Could Be The Citizens United Of Products Princess Zelda's Breath Of The Wild Outfit Helps Tell Her Story What Does Your Keyboard Look Like? Blizzard Announces StarCraft: Remastered, Due Out This Winter Voltron Legendary Defender's Creators Look Back At The Original Show And The Timeless Appeal Of Giant Robot Lions 5 Seemingly Superfluous Kitchen Items That Will Improve Your Quality Of Life Dealhacker: Get An ASUS RX460 2GB Graphics Card For $119 Try Out Guetzli, Google's JPEG Encoder That Shaves Image Sizes By 20-30% Learn How To Make A 'Flaming Homer' And Other Drinks From The Simpsons A timeline of events that unfolded during the election appears to support the FBI's investigation into Trump-Russia collusion Seeing how the highest and lowest-earners spend their money will make you think differently about 'rich' vs 'poor' How the incredible opening shot of the new sci-fi thriller 'Life' was made Apple totally dissed WikiLeaks this week -- here's why © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
Latest news headlines from Zimbabwe Situation Skip to content Home Latest TEXT ONLY Sources Lists Archives About “Zimbabwe Situation” Friends Support us Advertise AirZim deal collapses By ZimSitRep_M | March 23, 2017 6 Comments Source: AirZim deal collapses | The Financial Gazette March 23, 2017 By Shame Makoshori, Senior Business Reporter PLANS by the country’s beleaguered airline, Air Zimbabwe (AirZim), to lease modern passenger aircraft from Malaysia Airlines have hit a brick wall after the two parties could not agree on terms underpinning the multi-million dollar deal, the Financial Gazette can exclusively report. Zimbabwe had made giant strides in negotiating the acquisition of Boeing 787 Dreamliners from Malaysia Airlines to turn around the fortunes of the troubled AirZim, which is wallowing in debt estimated at about US$300 million. The two parties had opened discussions on the deal after President Robert Mugabe had led a delegation to Kuala Lumpur, the capital of Malaysia, last year to scout for opportunities for the landlocked southern African country. His delegation comprised Transport and Infrastructure Development Minister Joram Gumbo and aviation experts from AirZim who used the visit to the south-east Asian country to engage Malaysia Airlines with a view to either acquire or lease long-haul planes while parallel efforts back home focussed on identifying routes that would help the national flag carrier return to the black. Government had shown interest in the Boeing 787 Dreamliners, which are basically long-haul, mid-size wide body, twin engine jet airliner manufactured by the United States’ Boeing Commercial Airplanes. AirZim board chairperson, Chipo Dyanda, could not be drawn into commenting on the latest development saying: “This is a shareholder matter. I refer you to the Minister of Transport and Infrastructural Development.” Gumbo confirmed this week that the discussions with Malaysia Airlines had fallen through and that AirZim had since shifted its focus elsewhere. “I am still talking with potential airlines and we may agree soon,” said Gumbo. “At the moment I do not want to say who they are. We were talking to 11 airlines in Singapore, in Ethiopia and other countries and there was nothing special about Malaysia. I only mentioned Malaysia (last year) because I went there to see planes that they were not using but we could not agree on certain issues,” he added. A new and efficient fleet would be crucial in AirZim’s struggle to return to profitability after meddling by government and years of mismanagement pushed the airline into its current crisis. It has been operating old aircraft that have been guzzling fuel and piling up expenses. AirZim has battled to compete for market share with regional competitors such as South African Airways, among others, which have invested in modern aircraft to save costs and attract the industry’s demanding clientele. Sources said AirZim was making progress on acquiring at least four Boeing 777s (B777s) aircraft from an undisclosed supplier. It also emerged that the AirZim board was exploring the possibility of establishing a new company to house the new fleet and start on a clean slate. Although this idea has not been officially communicated to government, the new airline could be called Zimbabwe Airways and would have the four aeroplanes as its first major assets. AirZim’s debt burden is one of the impediments to its ability to acquire new planes, as well as reaching agreement with a technical partner to steer the parastatal out of the woods. A new company is therefore seen as the most viable alternative to circumvent the problem, and even insulate the new planes from seizure by creditors. It was not immediately clear if the deal involves an outright acquisition or a lease, although indications are that AirZim would take delivery of the first batch of the B777s planes in the coming few months. If the national flag carrier is to acquire the planes, it could spend almost US$1 billion. The lowest priced model of the 777 family, the Boeing 777-200ER, costs US$261,5 million, while the Boeing 777-300ER goes for US$320,2 million. This, apparently, is costly for AirZim, whose shareholder, government, is broke and has spent the past year battling to pay its bloated civil service. It therefore does not have the financial wherewithal to fund the acquisition. The latest information appears to suggest that the AirZim board has ignored recommendations from consultants that it acquires two Dreamliner B787s and Brazilian assembled Embrear jetliners. The Embraer was briefly operated by AirZim on domestic and regional flights under a lease agreement three years ago. A report by audit consultants, EY, on the airline’s operations three years ago had recommended that AirZim should acquire or lease two B787 jetliners, which are smaller than the B777s. This was in addition to AirZim’s existing fleet. A feasibility assessment committee report came up with similar recommendations, according to sources familiar with the discussions. The committee had recommended that the airline procures a fleet of the Brazilian assembled 60-seater Embraer jetliners for domestic and short regional routes to significantly reduce costs on domestic routes, where AirZim has been operating the B737s, or even the much bigger B767s. There have been reports that AirZim has been flying with as low as three passengers on the Johannesburg-Harare route. The 150-seater Airbus A320 has also been flying on domestic and regional routes. AirZim is currently leasing two Airbus planes, one of which has been grounded ever since its delivery to the parastatal. Currently, AirZim has been grappling with declining load factors, and chief executive officer, Ripton Muzenda, has ordered that flights on the Harare-Kariba-Victoria Falls route should immediately be discontinued. A Chinese made MA60 plane, which is fuel efficient aircraft but costly to maintain, had been servicing the route. Passenger numbers have plummeted to about 230 000 per annum in the past few years, from a peak of one million in 1996, as travellers opt for other airlines on the four domestic destinations it services. The airline, currently flying into South Africa, Zambia and Tanzania, has been planning to re-launch the cash-spinning Harare-London flights, but airline executives have warned that without modern jetliners, it would be a waste of time because it would most certainly face stiff competition. AirZim’s aged fleet comprises of two Boeing 767s, three B737s, three MA60s and two Airbus A320s. Out of these planes, only four are flying – one airbus, one Boeing 767, one 737 and an MA60. Only two were in operation last week. The airline came close to liquidation when it stopped flights in 2011 before its sole shareholder took the decision to resume operation in November 2012. AirZim was also struggling due to a debt overhang; outstanding salaries/wages; collapsed administration systems; bloated staff complement; top-heavy management and limited route network consisting of local and two regional flights, namely South Africa and Tanzania that would inevitably affect its revenue. The Dyanda-led board has addressed the top-heavy management by putting in place a lean structure. Currently, a staff audit and restructuring exercise is underway to ensure the right people are in the right places and the airline carries a wage and salary bill it can afford and for the right kind of skills, knowledge and technical expertise. “We have also restructured the executive to ensure efficiency and reliability and to also upgrade and modernise systems that had collapsed and were outdated. Two new posts of chief operating officer and an executive manager (systems and administration) were created to achieve efficiency, reliability and modernisation of airline systems. We have also appointed an executive with the right technical skills, commitment and vision that the airline can be revived, can be viable and profitable to enable it to significantly contribute to national development by complementing road and rail transportation,” said Dyanda. “Above all, we are crafting a new three-year strategic plan with a different operational and business model so that we redirect the company to become a competitive airline in the next three years. In addition, these proposed changes are being done in a holistic, forward-looking and visionary manner to give the airline a new robust foundation for growth and development. In crafting this strategic plan, we have engaged our stakeholders to understand their needs and expectations from the airline, re-engaged the shareholder on the airline mandate as the national carrier and re-engineered the business model and systems. “As for the payment of retrenched workers’ packages, they are being paid monthly to the capacity of the airline. As a board, we are cognisant of their struggle to fend for their families, but we are limited by the funds available from a limited route network and the need to balance their needs with the operational requirements of the company. Some of them, with the right skills and expertise, may be re-absorbed in the company through the restructuring process currently underway. In addition, as the airline begins to have a good footing, more manpower may be required and more will be absorbed. The business model being proposed has the capacity to grow the business, but in some cases human resources will need upgrading to cope with the new demands.” Regarding EY’s recommendations, Dyanda said these were being considered as part of the 2017-2020 strategic plan. “Some recommendations from this report will be integrated with other strategies that have since come on board due to the developments in airline management, viability and profitability,” she said. Dyanda said no single solution was the magic wand for the revival of the airline, adding that money was not the only solution to the problems besetting the airline. “There are several strategies that are being put in place among them searching for a strategic partner by the shareholder, upgrading employee skills, knowledge and attitudes, changing the culture of the organisation, modernisation of the airline systems, rebranding to change the negative perceptions the airline has earned over the years and energising commitment and the vision of those running the organisation,” she said. The planned acquisition of B777 planes has already sparked heated debate within the airline, with questions being raised over the rationale behind purchasing long haul airliners during at a time when debts in London have meant that the national flag carrier cannot operate on this most lucrative route, for instance. “The bigger and the more the planes, the more cash those behind the acquisitions would get…. This has nothing to do with AirZim’s requirements. It only needs two big 787s. But four planes will give them more kickbacks. They want to make money out of aircraft acquisitions,” said a source. Share this: Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email More Google Reddit No related posts. Category: the latest articles Post navigation ← Govt pays US$35m to CAPS creditors End of impunity for government, parastatals? → 6 thoughts on “AirZim deal collapses” Homo Erectus March 23, 2017 The deals got stuck on how much commission would be paid to the fat cats of Air Zim upon purchase or lease of these planes. Typical. Air Zim as we know it is stuffed, and it will never ever fly to London, because of this ‘commission’ debacle. Reply ↓ Joe Cool March 23, 2017 A question. Why not forget the whole idea of a national airline, and rely on other loss-making airlines to provide the service for us? Reply ↓ nelson moyo March 24, 2017 Why don’t we go and deal with Boeing of America direct comrades !? Reply ↓ Joe Cool March 24, 2017 They don’t offer bribes. Reply ↓ PinKK Nguruve March 24, 2017 Joe Cool, And Boeing doesn’t accept ‘Bond Notes’ ! 😋 Reply ↓ Flick March 24, 2017 They couldn’t organise a party in a brewery !!! Reply ↓ Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Search for: Interested in advertising? Most recent today Irritated Grace flexes muscles Defiant Zanu PF deepen 2018 poll row 2013 promises haunt Zanu PF No to command economy: Minister Makarau ‘backs down’ I don’t stand for MPs’ salary hike – Chamisa I am not white: Zanu PF MP Harare drinking water condemned Ziscosteel — What went wrong? ZITF aims to attract more nations Popular this week Popular Comments Today Week Month All 'Mugabe afraid of being prosecuted' (3,291 views) 'Mugabe will go the Pasuwa way' (2,548 views) Tsvangirai owes me, says Mujuru (2,488 views) Crisis as police bans big demo (2,430 views) U S dollar black market thrives in broke Zimbabwe (2,315 views) I will run for president: Mzembi (2,204 views) RBZ warms up to rand adoption (1,992 view) Big week for troubled Zim (1,912 view) EXCLUSIVE: Is Tendai Biti ready to work with MDC's Tsvangirai again? (1,791 view) 'Heavy rains to continue' (1,674 view) Today Week Month All The Land Issue in Africa MPs push for massive salary hike Using Rand as main currency would be ‘Prudent’ – Mlambo AirZim deal collapses RBZ warms up to rand adoption Is re-booting Zim’s economy, public governance an option on Trump’s table? Multi-tier pricing model illegal: RBZ LATEST: Zim, Kuwait ink $20m irrigation deal U S dollar black market thrives in broke Zimbabwe Bond notes have bonded the nation to anguish Browse by… just the "headlines" by day News the latest articles Latest archives March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 September 2012 © 2017 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search How a Border Tax Could Divide Boeing and Suppliers ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More How a Border Tax Could Divide Boeing and Suppliers Published March 24, 2017 Industries Reuters Facebook Twitter Print A U.S. tax overhaul proposed by Republican leaders in Congress would deepen divisions between big manufacturers like Boeing and the thousands of smaller companies that supply them, according to suppliers and tax and trade experts. Continue Reading Below U.S. automakers and other manufacturers that rely on imported components also would be affected by the proposals, which would tax imports at a 20 percent rate, and could split these sectors into winners and losers. The revamp would heighten existing tensions in the aerospace industry, where Boeing's aggressive cost-cutting driven by fierce competition with European rival Airbus has pushed suppliers to lower prices and source more parts and materials abroad. Aerospace components often zigzag through multiple countries and companies before reaching Boeing's factories in Washington and South Carolina. U.S.-based suppliers to Boeing would face a tax on their imports of these parts. Boeing, the top exporter among U.S. manufacturers, would export its jetliners tax free. Boeing and some of its largest suppliers, such as United Technologies, General Electric and Honeywell International, which also have substantial exports, favor the Republican tax package. The plans, laid out in a blueprint last year and which President Donald Trump has spoken about favorably, aim to boost U.S. manufacturing, and include cutting the corporate tax rate to 20 percent from 35 percent and making capital investments immediately deductible. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT Lawmakers already are at work drafting a tax bill to introduce by early summer, but it could be delayed if health care changes take longer than expected, according to congressional staff.   SUPPLIERS CONCERNED If the proposed 20 percent tax on imported goods had been in effect last year, Norfil Complex Machining, a 40-employee company in Pacific, Washington, likely would have paid more for titanium it imports from Russia. The metal goes into parts Norfil makes for Boeing landing gear that get assembled in Japan. "A lot of Russian titanium goes into planes," said Doren Spinner, Norfil's CEO. His purchase contracts have pricing that adjusts if costs go up, so the tax "would end up affecting what the plane would cost," he says. Other companies said it would be tough to pass higher costs on, and some might move production to low-cost locations abroad. "If the taxes are ridiculous, we'd just have to think of something creative," said Paul Doran, a sales manager at Mifa, a subsidiary of Netherlands-based Aalberts Industries NV that makes precision aluminum parts for aerospace, autos and other industries. "I think most companies would be in the same boat." Colin Frost, chief operating officer at parts and tooling supplier Carr Lane Manufacturing in St. Louis, Missouri, said he would consider manufacturing overseas if the tax plan were passed. "We'd end up splitting up the company and I don't think that's necessarily good for the U.S. economy," he said. Boeing said it was too soon to judge the plan's effects on suppliers and so far it appeared likely to benefit the industry as a whole rather than disrupt the supply chain. "These assessments will vary by company, and it's premature to speculate or generalize," Boeing spokeswoman Kate Bernard said.   OUTSOURCING CONUNDRUM Boeing was among about 90 companies, including many suppliers, that signed a letter this month from the Aerospace Industries Association urging Congress to overhaul the U.S. tax system. Boeing also is part of the American Made Coalition, an industry group that backs Republican tax proposals. Proponents say tax reform also would strengthen the dollar, offsetting the impact of the import tax for suppliers, and would encourage companies to invest in the United States. The tax overhaul could have cut Boeing's taxable income by an estimated $44.5 billion last year, according to tax experts and a Reuters analysis of Boeing's 2016 deliveries. Two-thirds of Boeing's jetliners were delivered overseas and would be tax exempt. Worth about $89 billion at list prices, they were likely sold at discounts of about 50 percent typical in the industry. Boeing declined to comment on the estimate. Boeing would face import taxes, too. Its 787 Dreamliner, for example, uses major parts from Japan's Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, Fuji Heavy Industries, Kawasaki Heavy Industries and Italy's Leonardo. Boeing also would still pay tax on sales to U.S. airlines and the new tax regime would affect its defense and space businesses, which source and sell globally. Yet suppliers say Boeing's vigorous cost-saving has pressed many to outsource production to low-cost countries, which now exposes them to a potential border tax. U.S. aerospace imports have doubled the past decade, with Mexico the fastest-growing source, up 950 percent since 2006.  Supply chains would face renewed pressure under the new tax regime, said David Wireman, managing director and co-head of aerospace and defense at consulting firm AlixPartners. "The tax on imports proposed by the new administration would certainly affect the complex decisions on choosing suppliers, and likely would cause manufacturers to change some supplier relationships."   (Reporting by Alwyn Scott; Editing by Joe White and Tomasz Janowski) Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
Home Tools Solano News US / World Opinion Features Entertainment Sports Business Real Estate Obituaries Gallery Classifieds 7,878 123 FAIRFIELD-SUISUN, CALIFORNIA A KC-46 Pegasus refuels an A-10 Thunderbolt II with 1,500 pounds of fuel July 15, 2016. The mission was the last of all flight tests required for the tanker’s Milestone C production decision. (Boeing photo/John D. Parker) Military KC-46A lands at Travis for testing By Daily Republic staff From page A3 | March 24, 2017 TRAVIS AIR FORCE BASE — The first KC-46A Pegasus air tanker landed at Travis Air Force Base on March 7 for four days of ground and flight testing, according to a 60th Air Mobility Wing statement released late last week. Testing was a combined effort between Boeing Test & Evaluation and the 418th Flight Test Squadron, Detachment 1, both of which are located at the Boeing Facility in Seattle. The KC-46A was at Travis to conduct military and Federal Aviation Administration certification testing, Capt. Dylan Neidorff, 418th Flight Test Squadron KC-46 test operations engineer said in the news release. “We decided to come to Travis since the base is right in the temperature band required for the testing,” Neidorff said, referring to the region’s temperatures that  average between 50 and 70 degrees. Other factors made Travis the best choice, such as the base’s underground tanks that allowed the KC-46 to offload all of its fuel easier, Paul Briedé, test director for Boeing Test & Evaluation, said in the release. The testing comes three months after Travis was announced as one of the next preferred KC-46 bases for Air Mobility Command along with Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst in New Jersey. When the KC-46 team wasn’t conducting testing, tours were provided to more than 40 Airmen from the 60th Air Mobility Wing. “This was an opportunity to work with Boeing and create a relationship,” said Maj. Brad Echols, 60th Operations Support Squadron assistant director of operations, in the release. “It’s pretty exciting our airmen got to see the new aircraft.” According to Air Force officials, the first KC-46As are expected to begin arriving this fall at McConnell Air Force Base in Kansas and Altus Air Force Base in Oklahoma. Reach the Daily Republic newsroom at 425-4646. Daily Republic staff Story Archive LEAVE A COMMENT Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name (required) Email* (will not be published)(required) Website* Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Discussion | 1 comment The Daily Republic does not necessarily condone the comments here, nor does it review every post. Please read our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy before commenting. SKIP JUMPMarch 24, 2017 - 3:56 pm about time for new air refueling system. KC 135 is old and tired...Reply | Report abusive comment Recent Articles Antonetta’s angel: Mothers, teen bond after freeway crash Solano DA: Montezuma violated Brown Act; fire district disputes opinion Montezuma fire district extends acting chief; settles with ex-chief Sears, Dean Witter and me No easy solutions to tax reform TVGrid Previous addiction to soap opera reveals much Community Calendar: March 26, 2017 Verdict turns page in Penn State child molestation scandal North Carolina, Kentucky face off again for Final Four berth Some parts of Obamacare working well, problems with others Vehicle attacks: Easy success for IS, a challenge for police Top-seeded South Carolina overwhelms upset-minded Quinnipiac Florida State brings its defense to defeat Oregon State UConn advances to regional final with 86-71 win over UCLA Helen Ruth “Auntie Fufi” Scheff (Tydingco) Poker tables keep decreasing on Nevada casino floors NASCAR goes Hollywood with young drivers leading the way Dustin Johnson, Jon Rahm advance to semifinals of Match Play Arrests after scuffle breaks out at California Trump rally Subscribe via Email Enter your email address to subscribe and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address Special Publications » NewsFeed Commentary Print Edition Twitter Feed Facebook Page Customer service Home Seller 03-25-2017 Stars and Stripes 03-23-17 Count for Cash: March 2017 Women Making a Difference 2017 Coupons and More: March 2017 Readers’ Choice 2017 Congratulations Team Travis: February 2017 Wedding Countdown: February 2017 Secrets of Success 2016 Honoring Our Veterans 2016 Solano Senior Living 2016 Solano Life 2016 All About Pets 2016 Medical Guide 2016 Salute to Travis Air Force Base Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service (updated 4/30/2015) and Privacy Policy (updated 4/7/2015). Copyright (c) 2017 McNaughton Newspapers, Inc., a family-owned local media company that proudly publishes the Daily Republic, Mountain Democrat, Davis Enterprise, Village Life and other community-driven publications.
Latest news headlines from Zimbabwe Situation Skip to content Home Latest TEXT ONLY Sources Lists Archives About “Zimbabwe Situation” Friends Support us Advertise AirZim deal collapses By ZimSitRep_M | March 23, 2017 6 Comments Source: AirZim deal collapses | The Financial Gazette March 23, 2017 By Shame Makoshori, Senior Business Reporter PLANS by the country’s beleaguered airline, Air Zimbabwe (AirZim), to lease modern passenger aircraft from Malaysia Airlines have hit a brick wall after the two parties could not agree on terms underpinning the multi-million dollar deal, the Financial Gazette can exclusively report. Zimbabwe had made giant strides in negotiating the acquisition of Boeing 787 Dreamliners from Malaysia Airlines to turn around the fortunes of the troubled AirZim, which is wallowing in debt estimated at about US$300 million. The two parties had opened discussions on the deal after President Robert Mugabe had led a delegation to Kuala Lumpur, the capital of Malaysia, last year to scout for opportunities for the landlocked southern African country. His delegation comprised Transport and Infrastructure Development Minister Joram Gumbo and aviation experts from AirZim who used the visit to the south-east Asian country to engage Malaysia Airlines with a view to either acquire or lease long-haul planes while parallel efforts back home focussed on identifying routes that would help the national flag carrier return to the black. Government had shown interest in the Boeing 787 Dreamliners, which are basically long-haul, mid-size wide body, twin engine jet airliner manufactured by the United States’ Boeing Commercial Airplanes. AirZim board chairperson, Chipo Dyanda, could not be drawn into commenting on the latest development saying: “This is a shareholder matter. I refer you to the Minister of Transport and Infrastructural Development.” Gumbo confirmed this week that the discussions with Malaysia Airlines had fallen through and that AirZim had since shifted its focus elsewhere. “I am still talking with potential airlines and we may agree soon,” said Gumbo. “At the moment I do not want to say who they are. We were talking to 11 airlines in Singapore, in Ethiopia and other countries and there was nothing special about Malaysia. I only mentioned Malaysia (last year) because I went there to see planes that they were not using but we could not agree on certain issues,” he added. A new and efficient fleet would be crucial in AirZim’s struggle to return to profitability after meddling by government and years of mismanagement pushed the airline into its current crisis. It has been operating old aircraft that have been guzzling fuel and piling up expenses. AirZim has battled to compete for market share with regional competitors such as South African Airways, among others, which have invested in modern aircraft to save costs and attract the industry’s demanding clientele. Sources said AirZim was making progress on acquiring at least four Boeing 777s (B777s) aircraft from an undisclosed supplier. It also emerged that the AirZim board was exploring the possibility of establishing a new company to house the new fleet and start on a clean slate. Although this idea has not been officially communicated to government, the new airline could be called Zimbabwe Airways and would have the four aeroplanes as its first major assets. AirZim’s debt burden is one of the impediments to its ability to acquire new planes, as well as reaching agreement with a technical partner to steer the parastatal out of the woods. A new company is therefore seen as the most viable alternative to circumvent the problem, and even insulate the new planes from seizure by creditors. It was not immediately clear if the deal involves an outright acquisition or a lease, although indications are that AirZim would take delivery of the first batch of the B777s planes in the coming few months. If the national flag carrier is to acquire the planes, it could spend almost US$1 billion. The lowest priced model of the 777 family, the Boeing 777-200ER, costs US$261,5 million, while the Boeing 777-300ER goes for US$320,2 million. This, apparently, is costly for AirZim, whose shareholder, government, is broke and has spent the past year battling to pay its bloated civil service. It therefore does not have the financial wherewithal to fund the acquisition. The latest information appears to suggest that the AirZim board has ignored recommendations from consultants that it acquires two Dreamliner B787s and Brazilian assembled Embrear jetliners. The Embraer was briefly operated by AirZim on domestic and regional flights under a lease agreement three years ago. A report by audit consultants, EY, on the airline’s operations three years ago had recommended that AirZim should acquire or lease two B787 jetliners, which are smaller than the B777s. This was in addition to AirZim’s existing fleet. A feasibility assessment committee report came up with similar recommendations, according to sources familiar with the discussions. The committee had recommended that the airline procures a fleet of the Brazilian assembled 60-seater Embraer jetliners for domestic and short regional routes to significantly reduce costs on domestic routes, where AirZim has been operating the B737s, or even the much bigger B767s. There have been reports that AirZim has been flying with as low as three passengers on the Johannesburg-Harare route. The 150-seater Airbus A320 has also been flying on domestic and regional routes. AirZim is currently leasing two Airbus planes, one of which has been grounded ever since its delivery to the parastatal. Currently, AirZim has been grappling with declining load factors, and chief executive officer, Ripton Muzenda, has ordered that flights on the Harare-Kariba-Victoria Falls route should immediately be discontinued. A Chinese made MA60 plane, which is fuel efficient aircraft but costly to maintain, had been servicing the route. Passenger numbers have plummeted to about 230 000 per annum in the past few years, from a peak of one million in 1996, as travellers opt for other airlines on the four domestic destinations it services. The airline, currently flying into South Africa, Zambia and Tanzania, has been planning to re-launch the cash-spinning Harare-London flights, but airline executives have warned that without modern jetliners, it would be a waste of time because it would most certainly face stiff competition. AirZim’s aged fleet comprises of two Boeing 767s, three B737s, three MA60s and two Airbus A320s. Out of these planes, only four are flying – one airbus, one Boeing 767, one 737 and an MA60. Only two were in operation last week. The airline came close to liquidation when it stopped flights in 2011 before its sole shareholder took the decision to resume operation in November 2012. AirZim was also struggling due to a debt overhang; outstanding salaries/wages; collapsed administration systems; bloated staff complement; top-heavy management and limited route network consisting of local and two regional flights, namely South Africa and Tanzania that would inevitably affect its revenue. The Dyanda-led board has addressed the top-heavy management by putting in place a lean structure. Currently, a staff audit and restructuring exercise is underway to ensure the right people are in the right places and the airline carries a wage and salary bill it can afford and for the right kind of skills, knowledge and technical expertise. “We have also restructured the executive to ensure efficiency and reliability and to also upgrade and modernise systems that had collapsed and were outdated. Two new posts of chief operating officer and an executive manager (systems and administration) were created to achieve efficiency, reliability and modernisation of airline systems. We have also appointed an executive with the right technical skills, commitment and vision that the airline can be revived, can be viable and profitable to enable it to significantly contribute to national development by complementing road and rail transportation,” said Dyanda. “Above all, we are crafting a new three-year strategic plan with a different operational and business model so that we redirect the company to become a competitive airline in the next three years. In addition, these proposed changes are being done in a holistic, forward-looking and visionary manner to give the airline a new robust foundation for growth and development. In crafting this strategic plan, we have engaged our stakeholders to understand their needs and expectations from the airline, re-engaged the shareholder on the airline mandate as the national carrier and re-engineered the business model and systems. “As for the payment of retrenched workers’ packages, they are being paid monthly to the capacity of the airline. As a board, we are cognisant of their struggle to fend for their families, but we are limited by the funds available from a limited route network and the need to balance their needs with the operational requirements of the company. Some of them, with the right skills and expertise, may be re-absorbed in the company through the restructuring process currently underway. In addition, as the airline begins to have a good footing, more manpower may be required and more will be absorbed. The business model being proposed has the capacity to grow the business, but in some cases human resources will need upgrading to cope with the new demands.” Regarding EY’s recommendations, Dyanda said these were being considered as part of the 2017-2020 strategic plan. “Some recommendations from this report will be integrated with other strategies that have since come on board due to the developments in airline management, viability and profitability,” she said. Dyanda said no single solution was the magic wand for the revival of the airline, adding that money was not the only solution to the problems besetting the airline. “There are several strategies that are being put in place among them searching for a strategic partner by the shareholder, upgrading employee skills, knowledge and attitudes, changing the culture of the organisation, modernisation of the airline systems, rebranding to change the negative perceptions the airline has earned over the years and energising commitment and the vision of those running the organisation,” she said. The planned acquisition of B777 planes has already sparked heated debate within the airline, with questions being raised over the rationale behind purchasing long haul airliners during at a time when debts in London have meant that the national flag carrier cannot operate on this most lucrative route, for instance. “The bigger and the more the planes, the more cash those behind the acquisitions would get…. This has nothing to do with AirZim’s requirements. It only needs two big 787s. But four planes will give them more kickbacks. They want to make money out of aircraft acquisitions,” said a source. Share this: Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email More Google Reddit No related posts. Category: the latest articles Post navigation ← Govt pays US$35m to CAPS creditors End of impunity for government, parastatals? → 6 thoughts on “AirZim deal collapses” Homo Erectus March 23, 2017 The deals got stuck on how much commission would be paid to the fat cats of Air Zim upon purchase or lease of these planes. Typical. Air Zim as we know it is stuffed, and it will never ever fly to London, because of this ‘commission’ debacle. Reply ↓ Joe Cool March 23, 2017 A question. Why not forget the whole idea of a national airline, and rely on other loss-making airlines to provide the service for us? Reply ↓ nelson moyo March 24, 2017 Why don’t we go and deal with Boeing of America direct comrades !? Reply ↓ Joe Cool March 24, 2017 They don’t offer bribes. Reply ↓ PinKK Nguruve March 24, 2017 Joe Cool, And Boeing doesn’t accept ‘Bond Notes’ ! 😋 Reply ↓ Flick March 24, 2017 They couldn’t organise a party in a brewery !!! Reply ↓ Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Search for: Interested in advertising? Most recent today Irritated Grace flexes muscles Defiant Zanu PF deepen 2018 poll row 2013 promises haunt Zanu PF No to command economy: Minister Makarau ‘backs down’ I don’t stand for MPs’ salary hike – Chamisa I am not white: Zanu PF MP Harare drinking water condemned Ziscosteel — What went wrong? ZITF aims to attract more nations Popular this week Popular Comments Today Week Month All 'Mugabe afraid of being prosecuted' (3,291 views) 'Mugabe will go the Pasuwa way' (2,548 views) Tsvangirai owes me, says Mujuru (2,488 views) Crisis as police bans big demo (2,430 views) U S dollar black market thrives in broke Zimbabwe (2,315 views) I will run for president: Mzembi (2,204 views) RBZ warms up to rand adoption (1,992 view) Big week for troubled Zim (1,912 view) EXCLUSIVE: Is Tendai Biti ready to work with MDC's Tsvangirai again? (1,791 view) 'Heavy rains to continue' (1,674 view) Today Week Month All The Land Issue in Africa MPs push for massive salary hike Using Rand as main currency would be ‘Prudent’ – Mlambo AirZim deal collapses RBZ warms up to rand adoption Is re-booting Zim’s economy, public governance an option on Trump’s table? Multi-tier pricing model illegal: RBZ LATEST: Zim, Kuwait ink $20m irrigation deal U S dollar black market thrives in broke Zimbabwe Bond notes have bonded the nation to anguish Browse by… just the "headlines" by day News the latest articles Latest archives March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 September 2012 © 2017 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Friday, 24 March 2017 MAS mulls deals for 42 jets as 'things are going better a bit quicker' Bellew: “Things have gone a bit better a bit quicker than I expected,” said Bellew, an Irishman who became MAS CEO last July after joining as chief operating officer in 2015, following nine years at Dublin-based discount specialist Ryanair Holdings Plc. “We’re ahead of where we hoped we would be.” - Bernama LONDON: Malaysia Airlines Bhd (MAS) plans to seal deals for as many as 42 wide-body jets over the next few months as the unprofitable carrier seeks to rebuild its long-haul network following a surge in demand. Terms should be agreed in the next six to eight weeks for the lease of up to a dozen used Airbus Group SE A330 or Boeing Co 777 aircraft, chief executive officer Peter Bellew said in an interview. That could be followed later in the first half by an order for 25 to 30 new Boeing 787s or A330neos, as the upgraded Airbus model is known, potentially worth more than US$7bil. Bellew is looking to expand wide-body operations after MAS slashed its fleet and route network in response to a bookings slump that followed two fatal plane crashes in 2014. Sales have now recovered to the extent that the carrier posted an 81% load factor in the fourth quarter of 2016, including a 90% occupancy rate in December, when it made money. “Things have gone a bit better a bit quicker than I expected,” said Bellew, an Irishman who became MAS CEO last July after joining as chief operating officer in 2015, following nine years at Dublin-based discount specialist Ryanair Holdings Plc. “We’re ahead of where we hoped we would be.” The Asian carrier needs the leased jets mainly to replace single-aisle Boeing 737s on 10 or 11 medium-haul routes that are capable of supporting wide-bodies, including services to India, Bali and Hong Kong, Bellew said. The plan has become attractive after hire rates fell 15% in 3½ months, he said. MAS is also rapidly adding new routes to China, with nine due this year and another eight in 2018, taking the total to 24. The expansion, part of a plan to make Malaysia a top destination for Chinese tourists, reflects a recovery in bookings that collapsed after the disappearance of Flight MH370 while en route to Beijing from Kuala Lumpur. Bellew said he would seek to take half a dozen leased wide-bodies in the first half of next year, followed by the same number in 2019, all about six years old. A330s would be the obvious choice, though 777s would allow the carrier to add longer routes, perhaps reinstating a service to Amsterdam, he said. The 25 or more new jets that Bellew is evaluating would likely be bought direct from Airbus or Boeing and would join the fleet between 2019 and 2023, with 15 replacing older aircraft and the rest for expansion. The re-engined A330neo comes in two sizes advertised at US$255mil and $291 million before discounts, while the 787 Dreamliner has three variants priced between US$225mil and US$306mil. The airline is also poised to take delivery of six Airbus A350 wide-bodies, allowing it to move the same number of A380 superjumbos to a new sister carrier specialising in carrying people on the haj and umrah pilgrimages. With A350 handovers delayed by a shortage of interior fittings at Airbus, the first plane is due a couple of months late in November or December, Bellew said. All should arrive by June 2018, after which the A380s will be refitted to allow their capacity to be varied between 635 and 720 seats, with the airline commencing operations in December of that year. Dubbed Project Hope, the startup has yet to be given a permanent name, though most of its management team will be approved at a board meeting next week, Bellew said, adding that a CEO has yet to be chosen but will almost certainly be a Malaysian. Long-term support deals have been struck with Airbus and engine maker Rolls-Royce Holdings Plc and that could extend to investment in the venture next year, he said. MAS had a loss last year that was less than half the internal forecast, it said March 1, and aims to reduce the deficit by more than half this year before becoming “consistently profitable” from 2018. – Bloomberg Tags / Keywords: Corporate News , Earnings , Investing , Airlines , Malaysia Airlines , wide body jets , Peter Bellew , China , routes Related Stories Related Stories Malaysia Airlines offers discounts of up to 45% at Matta Fair MAS in recovery mode Creative people who don’t sleep at night - Bellew wants you MAS not cutting fares Malaysia Airlines offers 25% discount for China flights You May Be Interested Staying connected through social media Is technology ruining your relationship? You May Be Interested Staying connected through social media Is technology ruining your relationship? Others Also Read Paying an arm and leg for high electricity bills Nigeria vs Burkina Faso friendly called off due to visa muddle Iranian immigrant rose to building Google’s business, leading Twitter’s board Property Related advertisement Latest News Tenaga’s RM12b JV Jimah power plant 40% completed Brexit sparks race to host European Banking Authority China to open more to foreign investment as others do Eight pricing strategies that drain your wallet Johoreans hope RIBJ scheme will be extended to other districts Most Viewed in Business Eight pricing strategies that drain your wallet Tenaga’s RM12b JV Jimah power plant 40% completed DFTZ – boom or bane for our local SMEs? What’s cooking in penny stocks Brexit sparks race to host European Banking Authority Malaysian stocks likely to inch higher next week Logistics firms running ahead of fundamentals? China to open more to foreign investment as others do Local currency stabilises after clampdown on derivative and hedging market Eye on stock; Systech advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Home Industry Boeing, Airbus tooling supplier Electroimpact to pay $485,000 over alleged hiring discrimination Boeing, Airbus tooling supplier Electroimpact to pay $485,000 over alleged hiring discrimination Boeing Co and Airbus Group SE tooling supplier Electroimpact Inc has been fined $485,000 after an investigation alleged that it had a discriminatory hiring policy, the Washington state Attorney General said on Friday. By: Reuters | Published: March 25, 2017 2:37 AM Boeing Co and Airbus Group SE tooling supplier Electroimpact Inc has been fined 5,000 after an investigation alleged that it had a discriminatory hiring policy, the Washington state Attorney General said on Friday. (Reuters) Boeing Co and Airbus Group SE tooling supplier Electroimpact Inc has been fined $485,000 after an investigation alleged that it had a discriminatory hiring policy, the Washington state Attorney General said on Friday. Boeing and Airbus use Electroimpact robotic machines throughout their jetliner factories, including to help make wings for their top-selling 737 and A320 single-aisle aircraft. An investigation by Attorney General Bob Ferguson’s office found evidence that Electroimpact and its founder refused to hire Muslim applicants and “engaged in religious and/or national origin harassment”. “The conduct outlined in our complaint is outrageous,” Ferguson said in a statement on Friday. “Discriminating against workers and retaliating against anyone who questions it is illegal.” You May Also Like To Watch This: Electroimpact founder Peter Zieve had the primary responsibility for screening applicants and conducting final interviews, according to the statement from Ferguson’s office. About 95 percent of Electroimpact’s 474 engineers are white, the statement said, citing a report to the U.S. Department of Labor. Electroimpact said on Friday that it did not conform to the personal views of its founder and that Zieve was no longer involved in the company’s hiring process. Boeing plans to use Electroimpact machines to help make wings for its forthcoming twin-aisle 777X aircraft. Other Electroimpact equipment is also used in construction and assembly of Boeing’s 787 Dreamliner carbon fiber composite fuselage sections. Boeing did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Airbus in a statement noted the diversity of its team around the world and said it values the benefits that different cultures bring. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now G-20 panel meeting in Varanasi to discuss inclusive growth Teenager gangraped on Facebook Live relocated to safe place TV screening of 'The Danish Girl' cancelled in India Awareness about digital transactions must for cashless economy Narendra Modi government constantly undermining Parliament, says CPI (M)'s Sitaram Yechury Return to mainstream: Bangladesh PM Sheikh Hasina to militants on Independence Day Indians regard nature as mother: Rajnath Singh Sabotage ruled out in Ordnance Factory, Khamaria explosions and fire Jail violence in Punjab: Inmates rewarded for saving lives of staffers Will implement Gujarat model of dairy development: UP minister for Dairy Development Laxmi Narayan Chaudhary Saudi Arabia permits China to set up first drone factory in Middle East Assembly Election Results 2017 Uttar pradesh Assembly Elections 2017 Punjab Assembly Elections 2017 Goa Assembly Elections 2017 Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2017 Manipur Assembly elections 2017  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Hindi News योगी आदित्‍य नाथ ने बीजेपी नेताओं से कहा- किसी तरह के ठेके ना लें, मौज मस्‍ती के लिए समय नहीं केरल के मंत्री का कथित अश्लील क्लिप आया सामने, महिला से कामुक लहजे में बात करने पर गंवानी पड़ी कुर्सी नोटबंदी में फंसे अनाथ बच्‍चों के 96,500 रुपये, पीएम को खत लिख कहा- प्‍लीज एफडी करवा दीजिए Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout WAAY TO WIN EVENTS APPS Home Redstone Arsenal AMC ACC AMRDEC USASAC USACE Dept of Defense Videos WAAYTV Redstone 75th Anniversary Toggle navigation Home Redstone Arsenal AMC ACC AMRDEC USASAC USACE Dept of Defense Videos WAAYTV Redstone 75th Anniversary WATCH LIVE 4:30-7am 11am 5pm 6pm 7pm 10pm Close 1 of 2 Courtesy: MGN Online Sgt. William Tanner A trooper assigned to Palehorse Troop, 4th Squadron, 2nd Cavalry Regiment, fires an FGM-148 Javelin missile. (U.S. Army photo by Sgt. William A. Tanner) Redstone programs, local companies see boost in $30 billion emergency funding request Jeff Martin, jmartin@waaytv.com Jeff Martin Mar 21, 2017 Updated Mar 22, 2017 0 Courtesy: MGN Online In documents released by the Pentagon, programs on Redstone Arsenal stand to gain from the supplemental funding request last week from the White House. That request was for $30 billion in emergency funding.  In the documents, the base budget request includes $708 million for 20 new AH-64 Apache attack helicopters, $376 million for 17 new UH-60 Blackhawks, $130 million for 13 new MQ-1 Gray Eagle unmanned aerial vehicles, and $248 million for RQ-7 UAV modifications. All of those programs are managed by Redstone Arsenal's Program Executive Office (PEO) for Aviation.  The Apache is built by Boeing, the Blackhawk by Lockheed Martin's Sikorsky division, the Gray Eagle by General Atomics, and the RQ-7 by Textron's AAI subsidiary.  Other local programs included an additional 60 PAC-3 MSE Patriot missiles for $279 million, 591 Javelin missiles for $104 million, 1,188 Guided Multiple Rocket Launch System (GMLRS) rockets for $155 million, and $228 million for Patriot modifications. Those programs are managed by the PEO for Missiles and Space.  +1  A trooper assigned to Palehorse Troop, 4th Squadron, 2nd Cavalry Regiment, fires an FGM-148 Javelin missile. (U.S. Army photo by Sgt. William A. Tanner) Sgt. William Tanner The PAC-3 MSE is built by Lockheed Martin, and Boeing's Huntsville office is a sub-contractor. The Javelin is built by a joint venture between Lockheed Martin and Raytheon, and some work is done in Troy. The GMLRS is built by Lockheed Martin.  In missile defense, the base request included an additional $43 million for Standard missile work and an additional 12 Theater High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) missiles at a cost of $151 million. Lockheed Martin builds THAAD in Pike County, Alabama and Raytheon builds the -3 and -6 variants of the Standard Missile on Redstone Arsenal.  In addition, in the war funding request, which was not itemized, the documents noted an increase in Counter-Rocket Artillery and Mortar intercept systems (C-RAM), which is also managed locally. However, this budget request faces an uphill road. Since $25 billion of it was in "base" dollars, that means the total Pentagon budget would exceed Budget Control Act caps (sequestration).  So in order to pass this budget request, the 2011 BCA would either need to be repealed, or Congress would have to pass an exemption for this year's budget.  Jeff Martin Follow Jeff Martin Close Get email notifications on Jeff Martin daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Jeff Martin posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Jeff Martin Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Submit Your News We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!Submit Tweets by jeffWAAY31   Newsletters Success! An email has been sent with a link to confirm list signup. Error! There was an error processing your request. News Updates For daily news updates and when Breaking News occurs. Manage your lists Sections Home Redstone Arsenal Amc Acc Amrdec Usasac Usace Dept of Defense Videos Reporter Information WAAYTV - Jeff Martin 1000 Monte Sano Blvd Huntsville, AL 35801 Phone: 256-533-8521 Email: jmartin@waaytv.com Follow Us © Copyright 2017 WAAY-TV, 1000 Monte Sano Blvd Huntsville, AL | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad The mini motorcycle that almost made it to the moon: NASA images show the secret project developed in case the Apollo lunar rover wasn't ready in time NASA began testing Honda 90cc 'monkey bikes' in 1969  Eventually developed its own in house electric bikes cooled with beeswax Motorcycles were tested aboard zero gravity flights to replicate lunar gravity Would have used standard rubber tyres, but with little inflation  By Mark Prigg For Dailymail.com Published: 15:24 EDT, 24 March 2017 | Updated: 18:55 EDT, 24 March 2017 e-mail 152 shares 30 View comments NASA almost sent a mini motorbike to the moon instead of the familiar Apollo lunar buggy, it has been revealed. Newly released images show a series of mini motorcycles being tested by astronauts in full spacesuits. The secretive project was developed in case the Apollo buggy was not finished it time - but never made it to orbit. NASA investigated several different modes of transporting astronauts across the lunar surface, including this commercially available Honda CT90 minibike, which was NASA's first attempt to see if bikes could be ridden in spacesuits. MOONBIKE SPECS  Initial tests used commercially available Honda CT90 minibikes  Later versions used NASA's own design Electric machine boasted a 5/8ths horsepower motor  Used a 30 amp-hour battery, believed to be the same system that Boeing and GM developed for the Lunar Rover The project began with commercially available Honda CT90 minibikes, which were NASA's first attempt to see if bikes could be ridden in spacesuits, with engineers donning Apollo suits to try and ride. According to the book Apollo: The Lost and Forgotten Missions, several different modes of transporting astronauts across the lunar surface were evaluated for the Apollo programme. NASA then built its own minibike for tests aboard zero gravity flights know as the 'vomit comet' to replicate lunar gravity. The electric machine boasted a 5/8ths horsepower motor and a 30 amp-hour battery, believed to be the same system that Boeing and GM developed for the Lunar Rover. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Can you spot the Bentley? Car firm releases stunning 57.7... What it¿s REALLY like to die: Swiss assisted suicide clinic... Russia covered up a nuclear disaster in Kazakhstan in the... The 'snake dunes' of Hellas: NASA reveals stunning image of... Share this article Share 152 shares Test were also performed in flying the KC-135 aircraft in parabolic curves to reproduce a 1/6 gravity environment in short 20-30-second bursts - the closet the bike got the the moon. Engineers even built a test track with a hardness device that removes 5/6 of the rider's Earth weight and that of the bike, replicating conditions on the moon According to AmeriSpace, a prototype was under development in 1969 for use on Apollo 15, and was a backup method in case the Lunar Roving Vehicle wasn’t ready in time for the mission’s launch.  'There was some talk about the mini bikes incorporated into later Apollo missions as well, ' the site claims.  However, the closest the mini-bike ever got to space was prototype tests in a 1/6th gravity environment in 1969 in NASA’s Vomit Comet.  With no atmosphere on the moon to absorb the heat of the lunar motorbike’s motor, NASA engineers took the unusual approach of turning to beeswax, according to an article in a 1972 issue of the American Motorcycle Association's magazine.  They filled pieces of the frame with it to act as a cooling jacket that would melt and absorb heat.  Once the wax got too hot, astronauts would just stop and wait for the wax to re-harden and set off again. A suited engineer evaluates a lunar motorbike in Building 29 at NASA's Houston MSC. David Gordon Wilson, a mechanical engineer from MIT, even lobbied for bicycles to be used. He claimed human power was more than adequate for lunar exploration, and in a 1979 article in Time magazine, he advocated for a two-seated quadracycle that would have astronauts pedalling in tandem across the lunar surface.  THE APOLLO 17 MOON ROVER  The Lunar Roving Vehicle (LRV) was an electric vehicle designed to operate in the low-gravity vacuum of the Moon and to traversing the lunar surface, allowing the Apollo astronauts to extend the range of their surface extravehicular activities. Three of them were driven on the Moon -  one on Apollo 15 by astronauts David Scott and Jim Irwin, one on Apollo 16 by John Young and Charles Duke, and one on Apollo 17 by Gene Cernan and Harrison Schmitt.  The Lunar Roving Vehicle (LRV) was an electric vehicle designed to operate in the low-gravity vacuum of the Moon and to traversing the lunar surface, allowing the Apollo astronauts to extend the range of their surface extravehicular activities. On Apollo 17 the rover went 35.9 km in 4 hours 26 minutes total drive time.  The longest traverse was 20.1 km and the greatest range from the LM was 7.6 km.  The Lunar Roving Vehicle had a mass of 210 kg and was designed to hold a payload of an additional 490 kg on the lunar surface.  The frame was 3.1 meters long with a wheelbase of 2.3 meters, and was 1.14m high.   The frame was made of aluminum and the chassis was hinged in the center so it could be folded up and hung in the Lunar Module quad 1 bay. Astronaut Eugene Cernan walks toward the Lunar Roving Vehicle (LRV) near the U.S. flag at the Taurus-Littrow landing site of Apollo 17. The photograph was taken by astronaut Harrison H. Schmitt, lunar module pilot. Cernan was the last human being to step on the moon as he was entered the Lunar Module after Schmitt for the return flight to earth. It had two side-by-side foldable seats made of tubular aluminum with nylon webbing and aluminum floor panels.  An armrest was mounted between the seats, and each seat had adjustable footrests and a velcro seatbelt.  A large mesh dish antenna was mounted on a mast on the front center of the rover. A T-shaped hand controller situated between the two seats controlled the four drive motors, two steering motors and brakes. Harrison Schmitt of Apollo 17 said, '....the Lunar Rover proved to be the reliable, safe and flexible lunar exploration vehicle we expected it to be.  'Without it, the major scientific discoveries of Apollo 15, 16, and 17 would not have been possible; and our current understanding of lunar evolution would not have been possible.'     Read more: How NASA Didn¿t Drive on the Moon « AmericaSpace Share or comment on this article e-mail 152 shares Most watched News videos Wrath of the Queen's Guardsman as dancing tourist gets telling off Presenter Rachel Burden silences a crying baby with utter ease People huddle together amid reports of gunshots in Bellagio Hotel Footage of the moment Khalid Masood was shot by police Andrew Neil's strong message to terrorists on BBC's This Week Dashcam captures gun-wielding woman being run over by police Violent unrest takes hold of Trump supporters at the #MAGAmarch Awkward! Graham Norton asks Cara Delevingne about sex on a plane Bristol Palin shows off her mum and dads house 'F*****g hell!': Russell Brand Comic Relief section ends in shambles Police hunt for gunman after shootout at Cartier store in Monaco Man hangs off building in risky high-rise workout in Morocco Wills cheats death: Prince's helicopter horror as a... Panic in Islington as two KNIFEMEN in a car mow down... The daughter who defied a terrorist: Teenager resisted... Salmon for breakfast and £75 bottles of champagne: Inside... Channel 4 reality show contestants spent a year living in... Vegas gunman surrenders after four hour SWAT standoff:... Three people are arrested after Trump supporters are... Engineers dismissed gas smell complaints just hours... Monte Carlo heist at jewellers to the stars: Thieves... BBC Breakfast presenter Rachel Burden is hailed the 'Baby... One dead and at least 14 injured after a gunman opens... 'Smelly' Westminster killer 'blew thousands on crack... National Trust director hangs himself at home a month... Retaking Britain's waters: UK to pull out of 1964 deal... Ring of (slightly tatty) steel: Bizarre yellow security... 'Hipster' bodyguard who has protected Brad Pitt and Tom... Did KINDNESS kill the hero PC? Tourists fleeing... Ambulance transports casket of hero EMT to her funeral as... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 30 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual. Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona. No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. The post will be credited to your MailOnline username. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read What on Earth is this? Woman finds strange snake-like creature with 'TWO HEADS' in her garden  Russia covered up a nuclear disaster in Kazakhstan in the 1950s that was FOUR TIMES worse than Chernobyl... Will global warming lead to the APOCALYPSE? Earth's worst mass extinction was caused by runaway climate... The 'snake dunes' of Hellas: NASA reveals stunning image of strange shapes on Mars near the largest impact... The Model 3 is almost here! Elon Musk tweets video of 'release candidate' of Tesla's $35,000 car The brain up close: Radical microscope reveals nerve synapses firing in breakthrough that could shed light... Dogs CAN sniff out cancer: Study finds German Shepherds can detect breast cancer with 100% accuracy by... NASA moonwalker Alan Bean claims he 'knows the truth' about aliens and says they WOULD have made contact if... The International Space Station gets a new parking spot: Spacewalking astronauts prepare for the arrival of... Watch out America, robots are coming for your jobs: Report finds 38% of US jobs will be automated by 2030  Whales really DO have bad breath: Orca blowhole study finds salmonella and other harmful bacteria that could... Can YOU find the seven spotted dice? Infuriating brainteaser challenges puzzle fans to find the odd cube out... Samsung set to finally kill off EVERY Galaxy Note 7 with new update Massive ‘beautifully carved’ statue of the queen believed to be King Tutankhamun’s grandmother unearthed... Controversial study claims monogamy may NOT be the best approach for human relationships and is based on... MORE HEADLINES MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today Showing him what he's missing? Model Sarah Syder displays her toned curves in monochrome bikini following 'split' from Jaden Smith after two years of dating Ashley Graham shows off her ample assets in a tiny sparkly bikini as she shares steamy behind the scenes snaps from her Sports Illustrated Swimsuit shoot in Fiji 'What the f***?!': Mama June has had enough after major skin removal surgery and throws out little red 'Revenge' dress in From Not To Hot She's had enough  Jennifer Lopez looks super chic but fails to raise a smile as she enjoys second date night in a row with new beau A-Rod Seemed glum  They really are Hollywood's BRIGHTEST stars! Film fans reveal actors who are also doctors, scientists and linguists You would never guess  'I've had three stents implanted and am in recovery': Antonio Banderas admits his January scare was a HEART ATTACK... as he attends a film festival Kelly Osbourne lends a supportive hand to mum Sharon as they attend Elton John's birthday bash following her emergency back surgery  Va va voom! Kim Kardashian showcases hourglass figure in super sexy beige knit dress Turning heads in her direction  Scarlett Johansson looks effortlessly chic in cropped blazer and tight-fitting black jeans as she promotes new sci-fi film Ghost In The Shell  Jennifer Hudson rocks GAY nightclub in thigh-skimming lace minidress hours after filming The Voice UK semi final  She can't hide! Nicole Murphy stands out in skintight camouflage leggings as she dines at Malibu's hot spot Nobu Flaunted her phenomenal figure  Let's party! Heidi Klum and Katy Perry look sensational in fitted frocks as they lead the stars at Elton John's 70th birthday bash  Dazzling  Son direction! 1D star Liam Payne, 23, and Cheryl, 33, reveal their 'beautiful, healthy baby boy' after keeping his birth a secret for THREE DAYS Will they pick Alfie or Taylor? Proud new parents Cheryl, 33, and Liam Payne, 23, revealed their favourite baby names before welcoming their son EXCLUSIVE: 'He's not for sale!' Cheryl, 33, and Liam Payne, 23, 'turn down huge money deals to protect newborn son's privacy' and will refuse to sell pictures  Cheryl's uncle Paul Tweedy reveals he 'just found out' about her new arrival with beau Liam Payne, 23, and admits it's 'about time she was happy' 'Love you so much': Nicola Roberts congratulates new mum Cheryl... as Liam Payne's One Direction bandmates continue to stay quiet  She's a real beach babe! Hailey Baldwin shows off tan lines and sunkissed physique as she rocks revealing red bathing suit Relaxing Saturday  Gal pal pamper session! Ashley Greene and Cara Santana get massages at Beverly Hills Nail Design Sometimes you've just got to unwind  Smiling owl-like cats made popular by Taylor Swift and Ed Sheeran are prone to 'arthritis' and campaigners say breeding 'should be BANNED' 'You are my best friend': Victoria Beckham shares cute card from daughter Harper as husband David praises the 'amazing mummy'  Stephen Belafonte's brother claims his sibling 'punched' ex Mel B's beloved dog Lord... and also felt 'nervous' about him keeping a GUN in the house  'He calls me bloody bumhead!' Adele confesses that her mini-me son Angelo, 4, copies her swearing... and even aims insults at her Johnny Depp returns as swashbuckling Jack Sparrow alongside Carina Smyth in new trailer for Pirates Of The Caribbean 5 He's back  Checkmate! Kendall Jenner flashes toned torso in crop top and flannel as she grabs lunch  Finished off look with large sunglasses  Zendaya puts on a very leggy display as she slips into purple leotard for new movie The Greatest Showman...as on-screen love interest Zac Efron is also spotted Caught out! Kelly Rowland's assistant helps out after her red stiletto heel gets stuck... following a day exploring the city with two-year-old son Titan The cat's meow! Paris Hilton rocks feline ears as she dances and DJs the night away at Ultra Music Festival  She's known to love a good time Thandie Newton is sophisticated in a rose gold sequin pencil skirt and pretty florals as she hits Westworld screening in Hollywood Center of attention  The Night Manager's Tom Hiddleston set to titillate with fresh racy scenes as he 'signs up for second series with Hugh Laurie and Olivia Colman' Blac Chyna flaunts shapely derriere in skintight mini dress as she celebrates 50lb weight loss goal on Snapchat Gave fans an eyeful  Pretty Little Liars stars Ashley Benson and Shay Mitchell stun in stylish ensembles as writers talk finale and 'huge twist' at PaleyFest   Wood you look at that! Evan Rachel wears retro ruffled shirt and suit as she celebrates Westworld at PaleyFest Westworld star took a step back in time Just married! Orange Is The New Black star Samira Wiley ties the knot with writer Lauren Morelli in Palm Springs Intimate family ceremony  Flip or Flop's Christina El Moussa fires back at being mommy shamed  for sharing a bikini photo with her daughter and then allowing her toddler to play at the pool edge 'We worry, nag, kiss and love!' Former Spice Girl Geri Horner marks first Mother's Day since giving birth to son Monty in January with sweet snap Doing good! Khloe Kardashian shows off svelte physique in leggings at charity cycle event  Raising money for children's hospital in LA  Just married! Newlyweds Dave Franco and Alison Brie buy beer just weeks after tying the knot I'll drink to that!  Oscars set for the biggest shake up in its history to avoid a repeat of farcical La La Land blunder at last month's ceremony  No more mistakes  DWTS stunner Erika Jayne flashes lacy bustier beneath her black pantsuit at book bash The reality star flaunted her substantial cleavage  Chris Rock's stand-up act takes surprising turn as Dave Chappelle CRASHES the show to delight of audiences Chris Rock kicked off his tour with a surprise 'Current events!': Bethenny Frankel shows off tanned figure in a coral bikini while on holiday in Mexico Visited exotic Play del Carmen Unforgettable! John Legend moves fans to tears as he performs Beauty and the Beast as he celebrates 25th anniversary of Disney Paris    Eleven, is that you? Chrissy Teigen channels Stranger Things character as she tries on wigs and glasses Always joking around  Did you get tips from Gisele? Real Housewife Meghan King Edmonds recreates Bundchen's snap as she gets glam while breastfeeding daughter What feud? Nicole Kidman brushes off fallout rumours with Reese Witherspoon as she opens up about working with the fellow actress on Big Little Lies 'I am so so happy for you!': Nadine Coyle is one of the first to congraulate Cheryl on the birth of her baby boy...signalling the end of their Girls Aloud feud One Direction star Louis Tomlinson to learn in days if he'll be prosecuted following airport brawl with a photographer and an onlooker Seeing double! Eric Bana steps out at the Australian Grand Prix with his son Klaus, 17, who bares a striking resemblance to the actor 'I've never been abusive to anyone': Terrence Howard pleads innocence on Twitter...despite previously admitting to hitting ex-wife Yummy mummy! Kelly Rowland flaunts slender frame in figure-hugging skirt as she steps out with adorable son Titan, two, at Australian Grand Prix in Melbourne Fake news! Alec Baldwin SLAMS claims his SNL impressions of US president Donald Trump helped the billionaire win the election Biker chic! Alessandra Ambrosio cuts edgy figure in leather jacket and boots as she struts through New York   The world is indeed her catwalk  The way we move! Ariana Grande sizzles in midriff-baring top and thigh-high white boots while bringing the Dangerous Woman Tour to Vancouver   Joanna Krupa displays her incredible model physique as she poses naked in sizzling Instagram snap while enjoying getaway in St Lucia Stars and stripes! Katy Perry cuts a stylish figure in black and white dress with bold lipstick for girls' night out Much needed night with the girls  'It is deeply disturbing': Olivia Wilde shares her 'horror' over missing black girls in Washington, D.C. as other celebs react on social media   'You didn't prepare me': Laura Dern reveals her mother thought her Big Little Lies character was 'a b*tch' to co-star Reese Witherspoon It's make believe mom!  'The robbery changed their lifestyle': Kim Kardashian now has security guards '24/7' in wake of Paris heist They have guards every time they leave house  Proud mom! Reese Witherspoon supports her son Tennessee at baseball practice as she keeps it casual in jeans and wide-brim hat Went low-key  Meghan's mirror-image minder: No, you're not seeing double! Meet the lookalike stylist who is now inseparable from Harry's girl Harry Styles shocks fans with surprise debut single teaser during The Voice UK ...moments after sending social media into meltdown with cryptic Instagrams   Frances Bean Cobain defaces her own Marc Jacobs billboard in LA... as the designer praises the stunt on Instagram Is a creative force to be reckoned with Nipping out for the evening! Braless Naomi Campbell, 46, stuns in a semi-sheer lacy gown and matching cape at Hong Kong AmfAR gala Teased her form  Harry pays the price for Wills' dad dance - as HIS ski trip is axed Poor Prince Harry was planning a trip to the lively Swiss resort Untamed! Jon Gosselin to make his stripper debut in male revue show on his 40th birthday He's a regular jack of all trades  Love on the move! Kate Hudson and rumored boyfriend Danny Fujikawa can't take their eyes off each other as they jet off for weekend getaway Lottie Moss ditches her typically sexy style for a sophisticated floral shirt dress and cosy coat for star-studded Raffles boxing event Typically chic  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Orlando Bloom enjoys cozy dinner date with Australian model Kristy Hinze during sun-soaked holiday in St. Barts   Feeling all-white? Kendall Jenner is chic in white ensemble as she pokes fun at her supermodel lifestyle in bizarre performance art video with pal Gigi Hadid Nia Long 'pulled a diva move' on The Best Man Holiday set... four years before her stint on Fox's Empire 'Threw a huge fit', source says  Nicole Kidman channels 'female Lawrence of Arabia' Gertrude Bell alongside Robert Pattinson's hero in new Queen of the Desert trailer    'They're just friends': Christina El Moussa 'only went on a couple of dates' with NHL player Nate Thompson... as friends of star deny romance Mummy's working! Olivia Wilde looks thrilled as sweet son Otis, 2, and fiancé Jason Sudeikis pay her an impromptu visit as she films new flick Life Itself Trendsetter! Candice Swanepoel proves she's the street style queen during pricey shopping trip with friend Strutted about pricey Madison Avenue 'Talk to your closest black friend': SNL's Michael Che stands by calling Boston the 'most racist city' he has ever visited Ruffling feathers  Hundreds of fans pay tribute to Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds at a public memorial in Hollywood They died just a day apart in December Kirsten Dunst and fiancé Jesse Plemons cut a casual couple as they stroll through LAX together She managed to obscure her ring finger White hot! Chantel Jeffries shows ex Justin Bieber what he's missing as she puts on a busty display in skimpy bikini Hourglass figure Taking the plunge! Charlize Theron dazzles in super low cut black gown for Hong Kong charity gala Graced the event in black Yves Saint Laurent Bride-to-be Pippa Middleton gets into shape for her Spring wedding to financier James Matthews as she takes her two dogs for a run in London 'Inappropriate': Flip or Flop's Christina El Moussa slammed for sharing bikini photo with daughter... as she fires back at being mommy-shamed Sporty chic! Katy Perry keeps it low-key in black tracksuit and colorful headscarf in West Hollywood Spotted out and about in West Hollywood Love bites! Anwar Hadid's girlfriend Nicola Peltz makes no effort to hide huge hickey in new Instagram Proudly flaunted a sizable hickey Legs eleven! Laverne Cox dons fishnets and racy leather skirt for night out in West Hollywood Stopped off for dinner in West Hollywood Benedict Cumberbatch names his second son after Shakespearean hero Hal - who close friend Tom Hiddleston played Nickname for Henry V  Bristol Palin gives a video tour of her parents new home, showing off the high ceilings, hardwood floors and map of Alaska etched into the ground Morning Joe host Mika Brzezinski lists her Washington D.C. pied-à-terre for $985,000 Bought the home for $925,000 in 2014 Louis Tomlinson tweets tribute to his mother Johannah Deakin three months after she passed away following battle with cancer 'We have to be ready': New Justice League trailer unites DC superheroes to battle Parademons The film will be released on November 17 Up in smoke! Top Gear's Matt LeBlanc is forced to abandon Mercedes supercar after spinning it on test track and suffering a blown tyre Hello petal! Anne Hathaway looks sporty casual as she shops for flowers in LA Stopped by a grocery store and left with bundles of flowers Mel B is 'supported by Emma Bunton at her dad Martin Brown's funeral' after jetting to the UK with daughters following Stephen Belafonte divorce bombshell Low-key lovers! Inseparable pair A-Rod and Jennifer Lopez enjoy a romantic dinner date night in Beverly Hills Driven by a bodyguard 'I don't think I'll ever be comfortable with fame': Lady Gaga admits her rise to stardom was one of the 'most painful' experiences of her life Overnight star Twitter applauds Hugh Grant's poignant Love Actually 2 speech declaring 'good's going to win' as he resurrects Downing Street dance to Hotline Bling Sisterly love! Lisa Rinna's daughters Delilah and Amelia Hamlin have a giggle as they walk hand-in-hand to hotspot Catch LA Anight on the town Fadi Fawaz cuts a sombre figure as he takes a stroll around London... ahead of late boyfriend George Michael's funeral Taking a casual stroll She's ready for bikini season! Emily Ratajkowski shows off flat midriff and sculpted figure in tiny string two piece Stunning as always Stuck Right Now, Thank You Very Much! Geri Horner is left panic stricken after she gets stranded in a tree after selfie as her daughter comes to her aid It's a girl! Amanda Seyfried and new husband Thomas Sadoski welcome first child  Met as co-stars on the set of The Last Word Brynne Edelsten puts on a VERY racy display as she poses in a see-through dress that reveals her red bra and G-string at Grand Prix Penthouse party   Kim Kardashian and Kanye West join mourners at the funeral of his cousin Ricky Anderson's toddler son Avery Toddler died in sleep The Walking Dead's Steven Yeun and wife Joana Pak share first glimpse of newborn son The newlyweds welcomed their first child on March 17 Let's hit the road! Kourtney Kardashian shares Snapchats of Penelope and Reign playing in Scott Disick's new car Hopped on the hood 'Bet you wishing you could clutch that!' Iggy Azalea twerks like a stripper on Snapchat as she shakes her famous derrière in a pink netted leotard Dressed to the nines! Eva Longoria walks arm-in-arm with Melanie Griffith to Hollywood hotspot Turned heads as they arrived at Catch LA Kate Moss steps out for lunch with George Michael's close friend David Austin ahead of late singer's funeral Both close pals with the late George Michael 'Mommy finger!' Madonna's twin daughters Esther and Stella sing as they receive very first Barbie dolls Four-year-old girls 'Forever smiling with you': Bill Paxton's son James pays tribute to late actor with touching Instagram post Passed away suddenly last month Putting her best foot forward! Sarah Silverman steps out in combat boots and tiny denim shorts for night out Relaxed evening out Fans rejoice over Love Actually 2 as they discover Colin Firth has three kids and Andrew Lincoln is married to Kate Moss on Red Nose Day charity special Hugh Grant enjoys family day in London with girlfriend Anna Eberstein and their baby daughter after his hit performance in Love Actually special 'She'll be an amazing mommy!' Fans go wild after old video emerges of Cheryl holding a baby... as she prepares to welcome new arrival with beau Liam Payne 'He just messed up on live TV!' Nervous Ed Sheeran suffers on air blunder as he FORGETS the lyrics to his own song during Comic Relief performance Sienna Miller covers up in an oversized khaki coat and beanie hat as she attends dinner party in Mayfair accompanied by a male friend Looked as chic as ever Victoria's Secret star Martha Hunt works her model magic on the beach in Miami in tiny blue bikini She wasn't even working - it was a vacation! Princess Anne is joined by her children and grandchildren to watch Zara competing at the Gatcombe Horse Trials (well it IS in Anne's back garden)  'This b***h better watch out!': Sugar Bear's wife Jennifer Lamb threatens Mama June after trying to 'kill her with kindness' in From Not To Hot 'You'll probably get laid tonight': Adele raises eyebrows by telling male fans that she makes 'baby-making music' while on-stage at Australian concert  Twins! Jennifer Garner and mini-me daughter Violet, 11, step out in matching glasses and cardigans Stepped out together in Brentwood, California Cut that out! Halle Berry keeps it casual in ripped jeans and clingy black tank top for lunch date The 50-year-old actress looked absolutely radiant Did Lana Turner kill her lover? Historian claims the late star let her daughter take the blame after she murdered her violent Mafia mobster boyfriend  Keeping a low profile! Dakota Johnson cuts grungy figure in graphic print black top and frayed jeans as she gets in some retail therapy Harking back to the 90s Bella Hadid showcases her sculpted abs and bronzed pins in sports bra and tiny shorts for sultry Nike photo shoot Victoria's Secret model showed off her figure Good jeans! Mila Kunis shows off her incredible form in fitted denim with a striped top and makeup-free face  Stepped out  to run erands in LA  Date night! Nick Viall cosies up to fiancée Vanessa Grimaldi at basketball game as they visit The Bachelor's hometown Relaxing at the game Viewers criticize 'unfunny' Comic Relief after Russell Brand swears live on air and Cara Delevingne squirms as she's asked about having sex They're in sync! Selma Blair cozies up to silver fox boyfriend Ron Carlson during lunch outing Wore beige beaded gladiator sandals Hottie! Lottie Moss oozes sex appeal in plunging semi-sheer bralet and high-waisted trousers during night out in London Sartorially savvy It's another girl! DWTS duo Gleb Savchenko and Elena Samodanova expecting second child The Russian couple are having baby #2! Bold and beautiful! Joanna Krupa oozes glamour in off-the-shoulder top as she steps out in LA The former RHOMH star, 37, went for a poncho  Regis fill-in! Kathy Lee Gifford reunites with Philbin to co-host Today over 17 years after starring on morning show Long-awaited reunion  Racing stripes! Nicole Kidman looks effortlessly chic in cropped jeans and a pinstripe blazer as she greets fans at the Australian Grand Prix Family man! David Arquette spends quality time with daughter Coco as he rocks very colorful outfit  It was a father-daughter day  'The body is meant to be seen': Bella Thorne goes braless in Marilyn Monroe inspired Instagram Nothing she loves more than a sexy snapshot 'He's an irresponsible role model!': Heavy D hits back at 'bully' Lewis Bloor for 'fat shaming' him... as duo prepare to face off in nail-biting charity boxing match Simply the bust! Tyga's ex-fling Demi Rose Mawby flashes the flesh in a VERY revealing mini-dress which only just protects her modesty  Girl power! The Bachelorette Rachel Lindsay teams up with former rival Corinne Olympios as she films upcoming season  Looked casual chic  'The hard work is starting to pay off': Brooke Shields, 51, proudly shows off toned bikini body after health kick She's had two kids Malin Akerman reunites with her Entourage castmate Emmanuelle Chriqui at EMA Impact Summit Entourage stars caught up   Mum's the word! Nicole Kidman leaves her mother's house in Sydney with husband Keith Urban and daughters Sunday Rose and Faith Margaret Making a splash in Puerto Vallarta! Twin Peaks vet Madchen Amick, 46, shows off pert bottom in wet T-shirt as she enjoys dream vacation Triple threat! Nicole Kidman to join forces with Amy Schumer and Steve Carell in new movie She Came To Me Hollywood big hitters will team up Tale as old as time? Not quite! Beauty and the Beast fan comes up with clever theory to explain bizarre plot hole in new live-action movie that left viewers perplexed She wrote say Hello! Lucky Adele fan receives hand written note from the British pop singer at her New Zealand show Shock of her life  Stepping out in style! Pretty Little Liars leading lady Shay Mitchell rocks ripped jeans during lunch date with co-star Ashley Benson Formula fun! Lewis Hamilton gets friendly with model Brooke Hogan at Australian Grand Prix as stars arrive for annual racing event 'I'll never forget our good times!' Catfish star Robert Brian Clark dies in motorcycle accident in Birmingham, Alabama, at age 33 He was a US Marine Too Posh to pooch! Victoria Beckham gets a member of staff to take hold of the family dog as she walks through London with Harper and her shopping bags  Ready to rumba! Erika Jayne and dance partner Gleb Savchenko kiss and hug as they prepare to do yet another grueling practice session 'It was the one disagreement we had on set': Kristen Bell clashed with husband Dax Shepard over her CLEAVAGE as they filmed CHiPs 'I got my first solo!' Internet star Rosie McClelland updates fans since appearing on The Ellen DeGeneres Show with cousin Sophia Grace 'Not possible': NeNe Leakes reacts to the rumor of Kim Zolciak getting bigger pay than her for RHOA return Has said that she would not be happy  Joseph Gordon-Levitt 'in talks' to team up with pal Channing Tatum for musical Wingmen Emmy winner and hitRECord founder also wants to write, produce Sundae funday! Simon Cowell and partner Lauren Silverman take son Eric out for ice cream  Couple couldn't stop smiling Thrifty Princess Mary recycles a floral skirt and conservative black top as she stepped out to celebrate 100 years of the Copenhagen Business School  RHOA's Phaedra Parks has to 'refile for divorce' from incarcerated ex Apollo Nida... who's already engaged Judge threw the attorney's case out Ryan Lochte steps out for vegan lunch with pregnant fiancee Kayla Rae Reid The 32-year-old and his fiancee stepped out for lunch  'I had so much love for that baby': Loni Love sobs as she reveals devastating miscarriage is the reason she never had children Heartbreaking From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Russia covered up a nuclear disaster in Kazakhstan in the 1950s that was FOUR TIMES worse than Chernobyl reveals secret report 193 comments 1 video SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Boeing Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Stephen Sadler Sells 1,300 Shares of Enghouse Systems Limited (ENGH) Stock Unigold Inc. (UGD) Insider Norman Tremblay Acquires 2,000,000 Shares Bank of America Corp (BAC) Shares Sold by Gratus Capital LLC Canadian Pacific Railway Limited (CP) Earns “Buy” Rating from Loop Capital Alphabet’s (GOOGL) “Overweight” Rating Reiterated at Pacific Crest Columbia Sportswear Company (COLM) COO Bryan Timm Sells 123,436 Shares of Stock Flexion Therapeutics Inc (FLXN) Receives Overweight Rating from Cantor Fitzgerald Stemline Therapeutics Inc (STML) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Wedbush Loop Capital Reiterates Buy Rating for Lions Gate Entertainment Corp. (LGF) Wunderlich Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Vera Bradley, Inc. (VRA) Morgan Stanley Reiterates Overweight Rating for Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Oppenheimer Holdings Weighs in on RH’s Q3 2018 Earnings (RH) Israel Discount Bank of New York GFN Takes Position in NextEra Energy Inc (NEE) Norges Bank Invests $41,109,000 in Landstar System, Inc. (LSTR) Norges Bank Purchases New Stake in Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. (HA) FedEx Co. (FDX) Shares Sold by I.G. Investment Management LTD. Putnam Investments LLC Has $517,000 Stake in M&T Bank Co. (MTB) Putnam Investments LLC Takes Position in Conn's Inc (CONN) PagnatoKarp Partners LLC Invests $385,000 in FedEx Co. (FDX) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Buys 33,049 Shares of FedEx Co. (FDX) Boeing Co (BA) Receives Buy Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Posted by William Strong on Mar 24th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Jefferies Group LLC restated their buy rating on shares of Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) in a report issued on Thursday. The firm currently has a $200.00 price target on the aircraft producer’s stock. BA has been the topic of several other research reports. Vetr cut Boeing from a hold rating to a sell rating and set a $150.88 price objective on the stock. in a report on Tuesday, December 20th. Robert W. Baird reiterated an outperform rating and issued a $182.00 target price on shares of Boeing in a report on Friday, January 20th. Barclays PLC reiterated an overweight rating and issued a $175.00 target price on shares of Boeing in a report on Sunday, January 29th. Morgan Stanley cut Boeing from an overweight rating to an equal weight rating and lifted their target price for the company from $185.00 to $190.00 in a report on Monday, March 13th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, Argus lifted their target price on Boeing to $185.00 and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Wednesday, December 14th. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating and twelve have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of $159.50. Shares of Boeing (NYSE:BA) traded down 0.34% during midday trading on Thursday, reaching $176.66. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 718,869 shares. The firm has a market capitalization of $108.20 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 23.21 and a beta of 1.08. Boeing has a 52 week low of $122.35 and a 52 week high of $185.71. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $174.89 and its 200 day moving average is $153.43. Boeing (NYSE:BA) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, January 25th. The aircraft producer reported $2.47 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $2.34 by $0.13. Boeing had a return on equity of 239.48% and a net margin of 5.18%. The business had revenue of $23.30 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $23.25 billion. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $1.60 earnings per share. The business’s revenue was down 1.2% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts forecast that Boeing will post $9.30 EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This report was first posted by Web Breaking News and is the property of of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this report on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this report can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/03/24/boeing-co-ba-receives-buy-rating-from-jefferies-group-llc.html. In other news, SVP Thomas J. Downey sold 2,000 shares of Boeing stock in a transaction dated Monday, January 30th. The stock was sold at an average price of $165.39, for a total transaction of $330,780.00. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, Vice Chairman Raymond L. Conner sold 96,174 shares of Boeing stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, February 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $163.72, for a total value of $15,745,607.28. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 95,852 shares in the company, valued at $15,692,889.44. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders have sold 206,827 shares of company stock worth $34,170,203. Corporate insiders own 0.58% of the company’s stock. A number of hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Capital World Investors raised its stake in shares of Boeing by 5.7% in the third quarter. Capital World Investors now owns 50,414,174 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $6,641,563,000 after buying an additional 2,737,375 shares in the last quarter. State Street Corp raised its stake in shares of Boeing by 4.9% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 28,345,503 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $4,412,830,000 after buying an additional 1,323,732 shares in the last quarter. Morgan Stanley raised its stake in shares of Boeing by 27.0% in the third quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 5,580,896 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $735,229,000 after buying an additional 1,186,424 shares in the last quarter. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. raised its stake in shares of Boeing by 1,283.9% in the fourth quarter. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. now owns 1,034,999 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $161,129,000 after buying an additional 960,213 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Capital Research Global Investors raised its stake in shares of Boeing by 4.3% in the third quarter. Capital Research Global Investors now owns 20,586,605 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $2,712,079,000 after buying an additional 857,985 shares in the last quarter. 74.66% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About Boeing The Boeing Company is an aerospace company. The Company’s segments include Commercial Airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS), such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). The Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft and provides related support services, to the commercial airline industry. Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Actuant Co. (ATU) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Tudor Pickering Next » Gabelli Comments on AAR Corp.’s FY2018 Earnings (AIR) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR . . Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR TERRA DAILY ENERGY NEWS MARS DAILY GPS DAILY SEED DAILY WIND DAILY DISASTER NEWS SOLAR ENERGY MEDICAL NEWS NUCLEAR NEWS OIL & GAS NEWS BIO FUEL DAILY JAPAN NEWS 9th Wideband Global SATCOM satellite expands military communications capabilities of US and Allies by Staff Writers Cape Canaveral FL (SPX) Mar 21, 2017 An artist rendering of a Boeing-built WGS block II satellite. Boeing's ninth Wideband Global SATCOM (WGS) satellite is now in orbit where it will provide the United States and six allied nations with increased communications capabilities to prevent, protect against and respond to attacks. The WGS-9 satellite was funded through an agreement between the United States and Canada, Denmark, Luxembourg, the Netherlands and New Zealand, and will also serve Australia (which funded the WGS-6 satellite). Each partner country gains access to the capabilities provided by the full WGS system, which include flexible and secure communication transmissions in the X- and Ka-band frequencies. "This unique international collaboration increases military interoperability and expands affordable high-data-rate communications for U.S. and allied partners around the globe," said Rico Attanasio, executive director, Boeing Department of Defense/Civil Satellite Programs. "WGS-9 is among the most capable military communication satellites on orbit today." WGS-9 launched on a United Launch Alliance Delta IV rocket. Boeing is on contract for 10 WGS satellites, the last of which is tentatively scheduled for launch in 2018. The eighth, ninth and tenth WGS satellites include upgraded digital channelizers that nearly double the available bandwidth of earlier satellites in the series. 45th SW supports successful Delta IV WGS-9 launch The U.S. Air Force's 45th Space Wing supported United Launch Alliance's successful launch of the WGS-9 spacecraft aboard a ULA Delta IV rocket from Space Launch Complex 37 here March 18, 2017, at 8:18 p.m. ET. The Air Force has been breaking barriers since 1947 and the successful WGS-9 launch marks an important occasion for the Wideband constellation as it is a major milestone in a 20-year multilateral partnership. In January 2012, the United States, Canada, Denmark, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, and New Zealand signed a multilateral Memorandum of Understanding with the United States, agreeing to fund the procurement of the ninth WGS satellite. The U.S. is responsible for funding the launch, operation and sustainment of WGS-9. International partners will receive a proportional share of the bandwidth provided by the WGS constellation based on financial contribution. The WGS constellation is the highest-capacity military communications system in the U.S. Department of Defense arsenal. WGS supports a wide variety of missions for Combatant Commanders around the world to perform missions, from search and rescue efforts to military operations. Air Force Space Command's Space and Missile Systems Center is the Air Force's center for acquiring and developing military space systems. The addition of WGS-9 to the constellation will increase speed, reliability, and effectiveness for the warfighter, which enables the U.S. and international partners to more efficiently coordinate on missions in the air, on land and by sea. According to Brig. Gen. Wayne Monteith, 45th Space Wing commander and mission Launch Decision Authority, the fourth major launch operation on the Eastern Range this year, and second successful launch in just two and a half days, culminates many long hours and hard work by the entire mission team. "Thanks to the amazing commitment, focus on the mission, and teamwork the men and women of the 45th Space Wing share with our mission partners at SMC and ULA, we successfully launched the next satellite in the WGS constellation," he said. "This mission demonstrates the Air Force's commitment to deliver secure and reliable satellite communications around the globe to U.S. forces and our allies. It also once again showcases why the 45th Space Wing is the 'World's Premiere Gateway to Space.'" Aerojet Rocketdyne Supports ULA Launch of Wideband Global SATCOM Spacecraft for the U.S. Military Aerojet Rocketdyne played a major role in successfully launching and placing the ninth Wideband Global SATCOM (WGS-9) spacecraft into orbit for the U.S. military. The mission was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida aboard a United Launch Alliance (ULA) Delta IV rocket. Aerojet Rocketdyne propulsion systems included the RS-68A booster engine, the RL10B-2 upper-stage engine, 14 helium pressurization tanks, and a 100 lbf bipropellant apogee-raising engine aboard the WGS-9 spacecraft. "The WGS satellites provide critical communication capabilities for our nation's warfighters," said Aerojet Rocketdyne CEO and President Eileen Drake. "We are honored that our propulsion systems are called upon to place these critical payloads into orbit - payloads that will help protect our nation and allied forces." Aerojet Rocketdyne's role in the launch began when a single RS-68A engine ignited to boost the Delta IV off the pad, providing 702,000 pounds of lift-off thrust. The RS-68A is the world's most powerful liquid hydrogen/liquid oxygen engine. The RS-68 family of engines has now flown 35 commercial and government missions with 100 percent mission success. After the upper stage separated from the launch vehicle, a single RL10B-2 upper-stage engine ignited to place the payload into orbit. The RL10B-2 delivers 24,750 pounds of thrust to power the Delta IV upper stage, using cryogenic liquid hydrogen and liquid oxygen propellants. The RL10B-2 was developed from the RL10 family of upper-stage engines, which has accumulated one of the most impressive track records of accomplishments in the history of space propulsion. More than 475 RL10 engines have supported launches over the last 50 years, playing a vital role in placing military, government and commercial satellites into orbit, and powering scientific space probes on every interplanetary mission in our solar system. ARDE, a subsidiary of Aerojet Rocketdyne based in New Jersey, manufactures the pressure vessels on the first and second stages of the launch vehicle. Once separated from the launch vehicle, WGS-9 will perform multiple burns on Aerojet Rocketdyne's High Performance Apogee Thruster (HiPAT) rocket engine to complete the orbit raising from Geosynchronous Transfer Orbit to its final geosynchronous orbital position. The HiPAT rocket engine has a 100 percent mission success track record spanning over 115 missions, including all WGS spacecraft. Tweet Delta IV rocket launches military communications satellite Cape Canaveral FL (UPI) Mar 19, 2017 A Delta IV rocket, carrying a $445 million U.S. military satellite, blasted off from Cape Canaveral, Fla., on Saturday after a 34-minute delay. The 22-story rocket, built and flown by United Launch Alliance, took off at from Launch Complex 37 at 8:18 p.m. EDT on Saturday evening, powered by a thrust of 1.7 million pounds. The delay was due to a problem with ULA ground support equipment. ... read more Related Links WGS at Boeing Read the latest in Military Space Communications Technology at SpaceWar.com Thanks for being here; We need your help. The SpaceDaily news network continues to grow but revenues have never been harder to maintain. With the rise of Ad Blockers, and Facebook - our traditional revenue sources via quality network advertising continues to decline. And unlike so many other news sites, we don't have a paywall - with those annoying usernames and passwords. Our news coverage takes time and effort to publish 365 days a year. If you find our news sites informative and useful then please consider becoming a regular supporter or for now make a one off contribution. SpaceDaily Contributor $5 Billed Once credit card or paypal SpaceDaily Monthly Supporter $5 Billed Monthly paypal only Comment using your Disqus, Facebook, Google or Twitter login. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Share this article via these popular social media networks del.icio.us Digg Reddit Google NASA's hybrid computer enables Raven's autonomous rendezvous capability Trump, NASA and a rare consensus: mission to Mars COBALT Flight Demonstrations Fuse Technologies to Gain Precision Landing Results Spacewalking French, US astronauts to upgrade orbiting lab N.Korea rocket test shows 'meaningful progress': South MAXUS - Europe's largest sounding rocket to be launched from Esrange Spaceport America sets new record for student launched sounding rocket Satellite launch shelved over strikes Mars Volcano, Earth's Dinosaurs Went Extinct About the Same Time Breaks observed in Curiosity rover wheel treads Does Mars Have Rings? Not Right Now, But Maybe One Day ExoMars: science checkout completed and aerobraking begins China Develops Spaceship Capable of Moon Landing Long March-7 Y2 ready for launch of China's first cargo spacecraft China Seeks Space Rockets Launched from Airplanes Riding an asteroid: China's next space goal OneWeb Satellites breaks ground on high-volume satellite manufacturing facility Start-Ups at the Final Frontier Russia probes murder of senior space official in jail Globalsat Sky and Space Global sign MoU for testing and offering satellite service in Latin America Rare-earths become water-repellent only as they age New study maps space dust in 3-D Visualizing nuclear radiation ADATS could assist X-planes with large, super-fast data transmission Fledgling stars try to prevent their neighbors from birthing planets Fossil or inorganic structure? Scientists dig into early life forms Gigantic Jupiter-type planet reveals insights into how planets evolve Operation of ancient biological clock uncovered Scientists make the case to restore Pluto's planet status ESA's Jupiter mission moves off the drawing board NASA Mission Named 'Europa Clipper' Juno Captures Jupiter Cloudscape in High Resolution Memory Foam Mattress Review SPACE MEDIA NETWORK PROMOTIONS Solar Energy Solutions Tempur-Pedic Mattress Comparison ... Newsletters :: SpaceDaily :: SpaceWar :: TerraDaily :: Energy Daily XML Feeds :: Space News :: Earth News :: War News :: Solar Energy News The content herein, unless otherwise known to be public domain, are Copyright 1995-2017 - Space Media Network. All websites are published in Australia and are solely subject to Australian law and governed by Fair Use principals for news reporting and research purposes. AFP, UPI and IANS news wire stories are copyright Agence France-Presse, United Press International and Indo-Asia News Service. ESA news reports are copyright European Space Agency. All NASA sourced material is public domain. Additional copyrights may apply in whole or part to other bona fide parties. Advertising does not imply endorsement, agreement or approval of any opinions, statements or information provided by Space Media Network on any Web page published or hosted by Space Media Network. Privacy Statement
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     TECHNOLOGY, DISCOVERY & INNOVATION. UPDATED 3 MINUTES AGO. Home Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech You are here: Home / Space / ISS Is Getting a New Parking Spot Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com Spacewalking Astronauts Prep Station for New Parking Spot By Marcia Dunn PUBLISHED: MARCH 24 2017 Spacewalking astronauts prepped the International Space Station on Friday for a new parking spot reserved for commercial crew capsules. The 250-mile-high complex already has one docking port in place for the SpaceX Crew Dragon and Boeing Starliner, which should start carrying up astronauts as early as next year. Friday's spacewalk set the stage for a second docking location. NASA astronaut Shane Kimbrough disconnected all four cables from an old docking port, using some extra force on one. He looped a spare tether around the balky cable and pulled, and off it came. "Nicely done, Shane," Mission Control radioed. On Sunday, flight controllers in Houston will move the old port to a location that will provide better clearance for the future ships. Then next Thursday, the crew will conduct another spacewalk to secure the unit. A new docking device -- similar to one installed last summer -- will fly up late this year or early next, and hook onto this port. Until the new crew capsules come on line, U.S. astronauts will have to keep riding Russian rockets to orbit. As Kimbrough worked on the docking port and replaced a computer-relay box, Pesquet hunted for signs of an ammonia coolant leak in outdoor plumbing. The leak, while still small, has worsened recently, and NASA wants to pinpoint the location. Pesquet patted and tugged at hoses, but did not spot any frozen flakes of ammonia. A GoPro camera caught his every move for playback later. "No leaks. No flakes whatsoever," he reported. Also on the spacewalkers' to-do list Friday: replace a pair of Japanese cameras and grease latching mechanisms on the end of the big robot arm. NASA wants to cram in two and possibly three spacewalks before Kimbrough, the station's commander, returns to Earth on April 10. Before a third spacewalk can be conducted, Orbital ATK needs to launch a cargo ship to the space station with replacement parts. That shipment was supposed to be there by now, but repeatedly has been delayed because of rocket concerns. It's unclear when the Atlas V rocket will be ready to soar from Cape Canaveral, Florida. NASA has been contracting out cargo deliveries since the end of the space shuttle program in 2011. The space agency is counting on private companies to do the same with astronauts. © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Read more on: NASA, Space Station, ISS, Astronauts, Spacewalk, Orbital ATK, SpaceX Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP STORIES NOW 1. Typos in DNA Help Fuel Cancer 2. Robots Coming for 38% of U.S. Jobs 3. ISS Is Getting a New Parking Spot 4. German Scientists Test 'Artificial Sun' 5. Shaking Up the Dinosaur Family Tree MAY INTEREST YOU More than 70% of data center incidents are caused by human error. Find out how you can avoid that. Discover the most essential attributes to consider when selecting a colocation provider. MORE IN SPACE 1. ISS Is Getting a New Parking Spot 2. President Trump Signs NASA Bill 3. New Evidence of Mars' Watery Past 4. SpaceX: We'll Fly You to the Moon 5. 7 Earth-Size Worlds Discovered Next Article > Trump Signs NASA Bill, Ponders Sending Congress to Space By Darlene Superville PUBLISHED: MARCH 22 2017 President Donald Trump signed legislation Tuesday adding human exploration of Mars to NASA's mission. Could sending Congress into space be next? Flanked at an Oval Office bill-signing ceremony by astronauts and lawmakers, Trump observed that being an astronaut is a "pretty tough job." He said he wasn't sure he'd want it and, among lawmakers he put the question to, Sen. Ted Cruz said he wouldn't want to be a space traveler, either. But Cruz, R-Texas, offered up a tantalizing suggestion. "You could send Congress to space," he said to laughter, including from the president. Trump, who faces a crucial House vote later this week on legislation long promised by Republicans to overhaul the Obama-era Affordable Care Act health law, readily agreed. The health care bill is facing resistance from some conservative members of the party. "What a great idea that could be," Trump said, before turning back to the space exploration measure sponsored by Cruz and Sen. Bill Nelson, D-Fla. The new law authorizes $19.5 billion in spending for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration for the budget year that began Oct. 1. Cruz said the authorization bill is the first for the space agency in seven years, and he called it a "terrific" achievement. Trump last week sent Congress a budget proposal that seeks $19.1 billion in spending authorization for the agency next year. "For almost six decades, NASA's work has inspired millions and millions of Americans to imagine distant worlds and a better future right here on earth," Trump said. "I'm delighted to sign this bill. It's been a long time since a bill like this has been signed, reaffirming our commitment to the core mission of NASA: human space exploration, space science and technology." The measure amends current law to add human exploration of the red planet as a goal for the agency. It supports use of the International Space Station through at least 2024, along with private sector companies partnering with NASA to deliver cargo and experiments, among other steps. After signing the bill, Trump invited several lawmakers to comment, starting with Cruz. When Trump invited Vice President Mike Pence to speak, he suggested that Nelson be allowed to say a few words. Nelson traveled into space when he was in the House. "He's a Democrat. I wasn't going to let him speak," Trump quipped, to laughter. Nelson ultimately got a chance to briefly praise his bill. Pence also announced that Trump plans to re-launch the National Space Council, with Pence as chairman, to coordinate U.S. space policy. The council was authorized by law in 1988, near the end of the Reagan administration, but ceased to operate soon after Bill Clinton took office in January 1993. © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Read more on: NASA, Government, Space Travel, Mars POPULAR IN SPACE ISS Is Getting a New Parking Spot President Trump Signs NASA Bill New Evidence of Mars' Watery Past SpaceX: We'll Fly You to the Moon THE BIG PICTURE Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation SCI-TECH TODAY Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2017 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
WSOC Charlotte LIVE http://www.wsoctv.com/cmg-main-theme/css WSOC Charlotte SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your wsoc profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 12388525 Home 12388579 News National & World News Report Breaking News WSOC-TV apps Recalls Taxes Vote Live 12388531 Weather Interactive Radar 5-Day Forecast Hour by Hour Forecast Video Sign Up! Closing Alerts Viewer Weather Pics Current Closings Report Closings Closings Instructions WSOC-TV Weather Apps 12388633 Traffic NC Traffic Cameras SC Traffic Cameras Gas Prices Flight Tracker 12388669 Sports Big 22 Charlotte Hornets NASCAR HSFB Scoreboard High School Football Carolina Panthers 12388795 9 Investigates Action 9 Whistleblower 9 Chopper 9 Skyzoom 12388717 Video WSOC-TV Live Live Breaking News 491814434 Books for Kids Family Focus Black Heritage 9 Food Drive 9 School Tools 12388819 Entertainment GoCarolinas Contests 12388873 More About Us Contact Us TV64 Toyota of North Charlotte The Daily Two Advertise With Us Closed Captioning What's On Channel 9 What's On TV64 Privacy Policy Visitor Agreement Meet The Staff Talent Request Form More Spacewalking astronauts prep station for new parking spot by: MARCIA DUNN, AP Aerospace Writer Updated: Mar 24, 2017 - 2:55 PM Twtter CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) - Spacewalking astronauts prepped the International Space Station on Friday for a new parking spot reserved for commercial crew capsules. The 250-mile-high complex already has one docking port in place for the SpaceX Crew Dragon and Boeing Starliner, which should start carrying up astronauts as early as next year. Friday's spacewalk set the stage for a second docking location. A new docking device will fly up late this year or early next. NASA astronaut Shane Kimbrough disconnected all four cables from an old docking port, using some extra force on one. He looped a spare tether around the balky cable and pulled, and off it came. "Nicely done, Shane," Mission Control radioed. On Sunday, flight controllers in Houston will move the old port to provide better clearance for the future ships. Then on Thursday, the crew will conduct another spacewalk to secure the unit. Until the new crew capsules come on line, U.S. astronauts will keep riding Russian rockets to orbit. As Kimbrough worked on the docking port and replaced a computer-relay box, French astronaut Thomas Pesquet hunted for signs of an ammonia coolant leak in outdoor plumbing. The leak, while still small, has worsened recently, and NASA wants to pinpoint the location. "No leaks. No flakes whatsoever," he reported. During their 6 ½-hour excursion, the spacewalkers also replaced a pair of Japanese cameras, greased latching mechanisms on the end of the big robot arm and even tackled some extra work. Their crewmates welcomed them back inside, wearing special black glasses and face masks, after Kimbrough reported there was a yellow chalk-like substance on one of his gloves. As an added precaution, both of his gloves were bagged before they came off. NASA wants to cram in two and possibly three spacewalks before Kimbrough, the station's commander, returns to Earth on April 10. Before a third spacewalk, Orbital ATK needs to launch a cargo ship to the space station with replacement parts. That shipment was supposed to be there by now, but repeatedly has been delayed because of rocket concerns. It's unclear when the Atlas V rocket will be ready at Cape Canaveral, Florida. NASA has been contracting out cargo deliveries since the end of the space shuttle program in 2011. The space agency is counting on private companies to do the same with astronauts. "It will be exciting to see a new way to bring crew members into orbit," NASA astronaut Robert Behnken said from Mission Control. He is among four astronauts training for the Dragon and Starliner test flights. ___ Online: NASA: https://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/station/main/index.html Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Twtter Spacewalking astronauts prep station for new parking spot The Latest: Police: 27-year-old killed in nightclub shooting Trump attacks conservative lawmakers over health bill Shooting at Cincinnati nightclub kills 1, injures several Opponents: Arkansas exposure bill targets transgender people News Local News National/World News Video Traffic WSOC-TV Weather Weather Storm Tracker HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About WSOC - TV What's on WSOC - TV Closed Captioning WSOC - TV EEOC Statement WSOC - TV Public File Contact / Program Director WSOC - TV Public File WAXN - TV EEOC Statement WAXN - TV Public File Contact / Program Director WAXN - TV Public File © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio BLink National Science Sports World Variety Education Real Estate Cities4Climate How a US tax overhaul could divide Boeing and its suppliers Reuters comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet A worker at the SmartCells factory, which makes shock-resistant rubber mats for Boeing, in Washington The proposed 20% tax on imported goods would lead to higher cost of production of airplanes, say industry players Seattle, March 24:   A US tax overhaul proposed by Republican leaders in Congress would deepen divisions between big manufacturers like Boeing Co and the thousands of smaller companies that supply them, according to suppliers and tax and trade experts. US automakers and other manufacturers that rely on imported components also would be affected by the proposals, which would tax imports at a 20 per cent rate, and could split these sectors into winners and losers. The revamp would heighten existing tensions in the aerospace industry, where Boeing’s aggressive cost-cutting driven by fierce competition with European rival Airbus has pushed suppliers to lower prices and source more parts and materials abroad. Boeing and some of its largest suppliers, such as United Technologies Corp, General Electric Co and Honeywell International Inc, which also have substantial exports, favour the Republican tax package. The plans, laid out in a blueprint last year and which President Donald Trump has spoken about favourably, aim to boost US manufacturing, and include cutting the corporate tax rate to 20 per cent from 35 per cent and making capital investments immediately deductible. If the proposed 20 per cent tax on imported goods had been in effect last year, Norfil Complex Machining, a 40-employee company in Pacific, Washington, would have paid more for titanium it imports from Russia. The metal goes into parts Norfil makes for Boeing landing gear that get assembled in Japan. “A lot of Russian titanium goes into planes,” said Doren Spinner, Norfil's CEO. His purchase contracts have pricing that adjusts if costs go up, so the tax “would end up affecting what the plane would cost,” he says. Other companies said it would be tough to pass higher costs on, and some might move production to low-cost locations abroad. “If the taxes are ridiculous, we'd just have to think of something creative,” said Paul Doran, a sales manager at Mifa, a subsidiary of Netherlands-based Aalberts Industries NV that makes precision aluminium parts for aerospace, autos and other industries. “I think most companies would be in the same boat.” Colin Frost, Chief Operating Officer at parts and tooling supplier Carr Lane Manufacturing Co in St. Louis, Missouri, said he would consider manufacturing overseas if the tax plan were passed. “We'd end up splitting up the company and I don't think that's necessarily good for the US economy,” he said. ‘Too soon to judge’ Boeing said it was too soon to judge the plan's effects on suppliers and so far it appeared likely to benefit the industry as a whole rather than disrupt the supply chain. “These assessments will vary by company, and it's premature to speculate or generalize,” Boeing spokeswoman Kate Bernard said. Boeing was among about 90 companies, including many suppliers, that signed a letter this month from the Aerospace Industries Association urging Congress to overhaul the US tax system. Boeing also is part of the American Made Coalition, an industry group that backs Republican tax proposals. Proponents say tax reform also would strengthen the dollar, offsetting the impact of the import tax for suppliers, and would encourage companies to invest in the US. The tax overhaul could have cut Boeing's taxable income by an estimated $44.5 billion last year, according to tax experts and a Reuters analysis of Boeing's 2016 deliveries. Two-thirds of Boeing's jetliners were delivered overseas and would be tax exempt. Worth about $89 billion at list prices, they were likely sold at discounts of about 50 per cent typical in the industry. Boeing declined to comment on the estimate. Boeing would face import taxes, too. Its 787 Dreamliner, for example, uses major parts from Japan's Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd, Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd, Kawasaki Heavy Industries Ltd and Italy's Leonardo SpA. Boeing also would still pay tax on sales to US airlines and the new tax regime would affect its defence and space businesses, which source and sell globally. Yet suppliers say Boeing's vigorous cost-saving has pressed many to outsource production to low-cost countries, which now exposes them to a potential border tax. Supply chains would face renewed pressure under the new tax regime, said David Wireman, managing director and co-head of aerospace and defence at consulting firm AlixPartners. (This article was published on March 24, 2017) Post Comment Related TOPICS World | USA | economy, business and finance | economy (general) | taxation and taxes | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. VIDEO Video: The Brexit debate, explained more videos» MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED US drone strike kills top al-Qaeda leader Qari Yasin in Afghanistan One killed, 14 hurt in Ohio nightclub shooting Beijing favourite Carrie Lam wins Hong Kong leadership UK parliament attacker acted alone: Scotland Yard Pakistan central bank keeps main policy rate steady at 5.75% Trump tastes failure as US House healthcare Bill collapses 11 killed in two gold mine accidents in central China EU leaders seek unity in Rome, despite Brexit and protests Lights go out around the world for 10th Earth Hour Citing human rights abuses, Iran sanctions 15 US firms Top Gainers / Top Losers LATEST NEWS Do we have meaningful conversations at work? India batsmen surrender advantage to finish 248/6 on Day 2 Kerala Transport Minister quits over alleged obscene phone talk Navy’s iconic Tupolev aircraft to be decommissioned One killed, 14 hurt in Ohio nightclub shooting More » O P E N close Recent Article in World Citing human rights abuses, Iran sanctions 15 US firms Iran has imposed sanctions on 15 US companies for alleged human rights violations and cooperating with Israel, state news agency IRNA re... » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
GULF DIGITAL NEWS Bahrain Kuwait Oman Qatar Saudi Arabia UAE GDN Online App available on App Store / Play Store 26 March 2017 ARCHIVES  |  SEARCH  |  POST ADS  |  ADVERTISE  |  SUBSCRIBE  |  LOGIN  |  CONTACT US NEWS Bahrain Middle East World BUSINESS Bahrain Middle East World SPORTS Football Cricket F1 Other Sports ENTERTAINMENT Hollywood Bollywood TV Celebs Reviews Leisure Scene Cinema TECH TALK HEALTH MOTORING OMG! OPINION Letters Comment ePAPER CLASSIFIEDS How a border tax could divide Boeing and its suppliers International Business Fri, 24 Mar 2017 Reuters Seattle: A U.S. tax overhaul proposed by Republican leaders in Congress would deepen divisions between big manufacturers like Boeing Co and the thousands of smaller companies that supply them, according to suppliers and tax and trade experts. U.S. automakers and other manufacturers that rely on imported components also would be affected by the proposals, which would tax imports at a 20 per cent rate, and could split these sectors into winners and losers. The revamp would heighten existing tensions in the aerospace industry, where Boeing's aggressive cost-cutting driven by fierce competition with European rival Airbus has pushed suppliers to lower prices and source more parts and materials abroad. Aerospace components often zigzag through multiple countries and companies before reaching Boeing's factories in Washington and South Carolina. U.S.-based suppliers to Boeing would face a tax on their imports of these parts. Boeing, the top exporter among U.S. manufacturers, would export its jetliners tax free. Boeing and some of its largest suppliers, such as United Technologies Corp, General Electric Co and Honeywell International Inc, which also have substantial exports, favour the Republican tax package. The plans, laid out in a blueprint last year and which President Donald Trump has spoken about favourably, aim to boost U.S. manufacturing, and include cutting the corporate tax rate to 20 per cent from 35 per cent and making capital investments immediately deductible. Lawmakers already are at work drafting a tax bill to introduce by early summer, but it could be delayed if health care changes take longer than expected, according to congressional staff. SUPPLIERS CONCERNED If the proposed 20 per cent tax on imported goods had been in effect last year, Norfil Complex Machining, a 40-employee company in Pacific, Washington, likely would have paid more for titanium it imports from Russia. The metal goes into parts Norfil makes for Boeing landing gear that get assembled in Japan. "A lot of Russian titanium goes into planes," said Doren Spinner, Norfil's CEO. His purchase contracts have pricing that adjusts if costs go up, so the tax "would end up affecting what the plane would cost," he says. Other companies said it would be tough to pass higher costs on, and some might move production to low-cost locations abroad. "If the taxes are ridiculous, we'd just have to think of something creative," said Paul Doran, a sales manager at Mifa, a subsidiary of Netherlands-based Aalberts Industries NV that makes precision aluminium parts for aerospace, autos and other industries. "I think most companies would be in the same boat." Colin Frost, chief operating officer at parts and tooling supplier Carr Lane Manufacturing Co in St. Louis, Missouri, said he would consider manufacturing overseas if the tax plan were passed. "We'd end up splitting up the company and I don't think that's necessarily good for the U.S. economy," he said. Boeing said it was too soon to judge the plan's effects on suppliers and so far it appeared likely to benefit the industry as a whole rather than disrupt the supply chain. "These assessments will vary by company, and it's premature to speculate or generalise," Boeing spokeswoman Kate Bernard said. OUTSOURCING CONUNDRUM Boeing was among about 90 companies, including many suppliers, that signed a letter this month from the Aerospace Industries Association urging Congress to overhaul the U.S. tax system. Boeing also is part of the American Made Coalition, an industry group that backs Republican tax proposals. Proponents say tax reform also would strengthen the dollar, offsetting the impact of the import tax for suppliers, and would encourage companies to invest in the United States. The tax overhaul could have cut Boeing's taxable income by an estimated $44.5 billion last year, according to tax experts and a Reuters analysis of Boeing's 2016 deliveries. Two-thirds of Boeing's jetliners were delivered overseas and would be tax exempt. Worth about $89 billion at list prices, they were likely sold at discounts of about 50 per cent typical in the industry. Boeing declined to comment on the estimate. Boeing would face import taxes, too. Its 787 Dreamliner, for example, uses major parts from Japan's Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd, Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd, Kawasaki Heavy Industries Ltd and Italy's Leonardo SpA . Boeing also would still pay tax on sales to U.S. airlines and the new tax regime would affect its defence and space businesses, which source and sell globally. Yet suppliers say Boeing's vigorous cost-saving has pressed many to outsource production to low-cost countries, which now exposes them to a potential border tax. U.S. aerospace imports have doubled the past decade, with Mexico the fastest-growing source, up 950 per cent since 2006. (Graphic: http://tmsnrt.rs/2n4A8o1) Supply chains would face renewed pressure under the new tax regime, said David Wireman, managing director and co-head of aerospace and defence at consulting firm AlixPartners. "The tax on imports proposed by the new administration would certainly affect the complex decisions on choosing suppliers, and likely would cause manufacturers to change some supplier relationships." You Might Like Secret Service: Intruder in custody after incident at White House gates Fed raises rates as job gains, firming inflation stoke confidence Trump signs new travel ban order, Iraq left off In Pictures: A musical treat for thousands Thousands attend concert featuring popular Arab singers More International Business Adani hopes to start Austalian coal mine project by August Airbnb embarks on China push with more staff, local name Beijing shuts last coal power plant in switch to natural gas Cathay Pacific Airways posts first annual loss in decade Cathay Pacific targets deep management cost cuts in Hong Kong after loss China, Saudi Arabia consider deals worth about $65 billion EU reimposes $835m fine on air cargo firms Export bans hit Brazil's meat industry after scandal Family of Trump son-in-law in $4 billion deal with Chinese company Fed raises rates as job gains, firming inflation stoke confidence NEWS BAHRAIN MIDDLE EAST WORLD BUSINESS BAHRAIN MIDDLE EAST INTERNATIONAL SPORTS FOOTBALL CRICKET F1 OTHER SPORTS ENTERTAINMENT HOLLYWOOD BOLLYWOOD TV CELEBS REVIEWS LEISURE SCENE CINEMA TECH TALK HEALTH MOTORING OMG OPINION LETTERS COMMENT ePAPER CLASSIFIEDS ADVERTISE TERMS OF USE READERS POLICIES PRIVACY POLICY ABOUT US CONTACT US GULF DAILY NEWS P.O.Box 5300, Manama, Kingdom of Bahrain NEWSROOM Phone: +973 17 620 222 Fax: +973 17 622 141 Email: gdnnews@gdn.com.bh ADVERTISING Phone: 973 17 293 131 Fax: +973 17 293 400 Email: alison.lillywhite@tradearabia.net CLASSIFIEDS Phone: +973 17 299 110 Email: classifieds@tradearabia.net SUSBSCRIPTION Phone: +973 17 290 000 Email: gdnhd@tradearabia.net ©Copyright 2017 gdnonline.com - Kingdom of Bahrain. Website / App designed & developed by North Star Technologies.
Skip to main content area Toggle menus Toggle search Subscribe 19 issues of The Week magazine, plus FREE picnic blanket Search Search Main menu News Business Technology Cars Money Portfolio People Sport Subscriptions Offers Sections Secondary menu Brexit Article 50 Islamic State Jeremy Corbyn Theresa May Oil price Gold price World News Southern Lights stun passengers on world-first Aurora Australis flight Mar 24, 2017 World-first as eight-hour flight chases nature's light display across the southern hemisphere whatsapp facebook twitter google+ linkedin email Twitter/Ian Griffin Passengers were left awestruck by the Southern Lights on the world's first commercial flight to view the Aurora Australis. The eight-hour Boeing 767 flight took off from New Zealand on Thursday night and travelled towards the South Pole, flying to 62 degrees latitude and passing through the aurora several times. Passengers, who paid NZ$4,000 (£2,250) for economy seats and $8,000 (£4,500) for business class, shared the experience on social media. This is the moon with an aurora 60 degrees south of Earth%u2019s equator shot from #flighttothelights AKA @FlyAirNZ 1980 #aurora #auroraaustralis pic.twitter.com/aU0AayZq05 — Ian Griffin (@iangriffin) March 23, 2017 Passenger Roz Charlton wrote on Facebook: "Our lives are forever altered by this incredible experience and we are eternally grateful to have been a part of this remarkable event." Fellow traveller Frith Walker wrote: "I can't ever imagine another experience quite like it in my lifetime... sipping champagne, eating a special aurora cupcake at 0001hrs 66S... as I welcomed the dawn of a new decade in my life, has to be up there with the very best life can offer." Ever wondered what an aurora australis looks like from 60 South from a Boeing 767? Wonder no more%u2026 #flighttothelights pic.twitter.com/d6BamHWgdi — Ian Griffin (@iangriffin) March 23, 2017 Expedition leader Dr Ian Griffin told the BBC that thanks to some careful planning and flying, the "awesome" flight had ensured "a spectacular display" for everyone on board – the sold-out flight was deliberately half-empty so everybody could see out of the windows.  He added: "Nobody has ever really done that before. This was a world first. People have done it in the northern hemisphere.  "The aurora doesn't just appear in specific locations, it can move around a bit, and we were trying to chase it across the Southern Ocean, which was quite fun." He added: "We've travelled two-thirds of the way to the South Pole, seen an incredible display of the southern lights, got lovely pictures and were home in time for breakfast." Sign up for our daily newsletter Newsletter CloseSign me up Read more: World News Southern Lights Aurora Australis You are here: Home Southern Lights stun passengers on world-first Aurora Australis flight View the discussion thread. Related Articles In DepthThe day the world remembers the victims of slavery MaternityDo British mothers have the worst maternity pay in Europe? News FeedWeek in pictures: 18-24 March Refugee crisisMore than 200 migrants feared drowned in Mediterranean Sea One-Minute ReadSouthern Lights stun passengers on world-first flight MH370MH370: Why did investigators search in the wrong area? BrexitBrexit: 'No one has right to eject EU citizens from UK' Refugee crisisMore than 200 migrants feared drowned in Mediterranean Sea TRY A FREE ISSUE of The Week Magazine Try Portfolio The experts' guide to good living Counter culture: The best delis in the UK The best museum restaurants around the world The dawn of DHELA Read more Popular MH370: Why did investigators search in the wrong area? World News Melania Trump: 20 things you didn't know about Donald's First Lady People Brexit: 'No one has right to eject EU citizens from UK' UK News Peaky Blinders: Adrien Brody joins cast as season 4 prepares for return to the BBC and Netflix Culture London house prices 'running out of steam' Personal Finance Trending Topics Islamic State Gold price EU Referendum Jeremy Clarkson Jeremy Corbyn Oil price Daily Briefing Ten things you need to know today In partnership with Rolex Westminster attacker 'acted alone' say police EU migrants are to keep benefits after Brexit Iraq pauses Mosul operation after civilian bloodbath Read more Our Latest Offers, Competitions and Events The Week Wine Club: SAVE up to £37 on our Burgundy selection WIN 1 of 20 red leather notebooks branded with 'The Week' WIN tickets to the Lord Mayor's Big Curry Lunch at Guildhall FIND OUT MORE Back to top Facebook Twitter News Business Technology Cars Money Portfolio People Sport Subscriptions Offers The Week US The WeekDay Privacy RSS Sitemap Contact us Authors About us © Copyright The Week Ltd which is a subsidiary of Dennis Publishing Limited. The Week incorporates The First Post. The Week™ and The First Post™ are trademarks of Felix Dennis. Felix Dennis Jobs Media Information Subscription Enquires Books Apps Your Online Choices
Army Technology News, views and contacts from the global Army industry Log in or Register Vehicles Vehicles Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 Analysis Trends in protected mobility: insights from the International Armoured Vehicles conference Trends in protected mobility: insights from the International Armoured Vehicles conference Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 72 Global Defence Technology: Issue 72 Analysis Explosives detection: the world’s first sniffer drone Explosives detection: the world’s first sniffer drone Soldier Systems Soldier Systems Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis The EU’s new non-combatant army The EU’s new non-combatant army Analysis Repair and protect: damage detection for soldier safety Repair and protect: damage detection for soldier safety Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 71 Global Defence Technology: Issue 71 Analysis The next generation of wearable sensors for frontline troops The next generation of wearable sensors for frontline troops C4ISR C4ISR Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Under the skin of a made-for-military microgrid Under the skin of a made-for-military microgrid Analysis The critical importance of NATO communications The critical importance of NATO communications Analysis Is a new cold war brewing in the Arctic? Is a new cold war brewing in the Arctic? Analysis The next generation of wearable sensors for frontline troops The next generation of wearable sensors for frontline troops Ordnance Ordnance Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis The EU’s new non-combatant army The EU’s new non-combatant army Analysis US defence under Trump: what can we expect? US defence under Trump: what can we expect? Projects Hydra-70 Rocket System Hydra-70 Rocket System Projects RPG-32 (Nash-Shab) Anti-Tank Weapon System RPG-32 (Nash-Shab) Anti-Tank Weapon System Logistics Logistics Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis The EU’s new non-combatant army The EU’s new non-combatant army Analysis Under the skin of a made-for-military microgrid Under the skin of a made-for-military microgrid Analysis One Atlas: the worlds most advanced satellite imagery library One Atlas: the worlds most advanced satellite imagery library Analysis Timeline: 100 years of tanks Timeline: 100 years of tanks Training and Simulation Training and Simulation Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Rolls-Royce row: could a weak UK defence budget force a British icon to leave the sector? Rolls-Royce row: could a weak UK defence budget force a British icon to leave the sector? Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 68 Global Defence Technology: Issue 68 Analysis Inside ASDOT: the UK MoD’s new fighter trainer Inside ASDOT: the UK MoD’s new fighter trainer Security Security Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Under the skin of a made-for-military microgrid Under the skin of a made-for-military microgrid Analysis Trends in protected mobility: insights from the International Armoured Vehicles conference Trends in protected mobility: insights from the International Armoured Vehicles conference Analysis US defence under Trump: what can we expect? US defence under Trump: what can we expect? Analysis The critical importance of NATO communications The critical importance of NATO communications Market Data Market Data Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Build and rebuild: Germany's future defence strategy Build and rebuild: Germany's future defence strategy Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis Is the British Army keeping up with Putin’s troops? Is the British Army keeping up with Putin’s troops? Projects Hydra-70 Rocket System Hydra-70 Rocket System Technology Technology Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 Analysis Trends in protected mobility: insights from the International Armoured Vehicles conference Trends in protected mobility: insights from the International Armoured Vehicles conference Analysis US defence under Trump: what can we expect? US defence under Trump: what can we expect? Analysis The critical importance of NATO communications The critical importance of NATO communications Companies Companies Company A-Z » Products & Services » Press Releases » White Papers » Videos » Suppliers VirTra - Firearms and Training Simulators for Military Agencies Firearms and Training Simulators for Military Agencies Suppliers MineWolf - Manned and Unmanned Platforms for Mine Clearance Manned and Unmanned Platforms for Mine Clearance Suppliers FN HERSTAL - Firearms Tradition and Technological Innovation Firearms Tradition and Technological Innovation Suppliers Sacil - Ammunition Boxes, Ammunition Links and Military Containers and Accessories Ammunition Boxes, Ammunition Links and Military Containers and Accessories Videos Events All Sections All Sections Projects » Analysis » Company A-Z » Products & Services » News » Press Releases » White Papers » Comment » Advertise With Us » Report Store » About us » News On Mar 24 2017 Deals this week: Boeing, HX5, Allison Transmission The Boeing Company has won a contract modification worth $3.27bn from the US Army Contracting Command to manufacture AH-64E attack helicopters for the Government of Saudi Arabia, under a foreign military sales programme. Boeing will also provide Longbow crew training systems, ground support equipment, engineering and technical services, spare parts, and logistics support as part of the contract. The work under the contract is scheduled to be completed by June 2022. HX5 has been awarded a $95m contract by the US Army Corps of Engineers to support the US Army's research and development activities for five years. "Allison Transmission has secured a $11.21m contract from US Defense Logistics Agency Land and Maritime to provide its transmission repair kits to the US Army." The contractor will provide personnel, supervision and services to the US Army Engineer Research and Development Center (ERDC) Information Technology Laboratory (ITL). Allison Transmission has secured a $11.21m contract from US Defense Logistics Agency Land and Maritime to provide its transmission repair kits to the US Army by December 2017. The Lithuanian Ministry of National Defence has installed the MK44 Bushmaster chain gun developed by Orbital ATK on the Lithuanian Army’s new Vilkas 8x8 infantry fighting vehicles. The MK44 guns, which use 30mm MK310 programmable air bursting munitions, will help the Vilkas vehicle crew to engage hidden enemy targets. Lockheed Martin Missiles and Fire Control has won a two-year contract modification worth $14.26m to provide field support services for the US Army’s Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system. Awarded by the US Missile Defense Agency, the contract covers logistics and missile support, as well as engineering and post deployment software services. Share Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Newsletter For all the latest army industry news, sign up for our regular updates. Contact us Advertise with us Terms and conditions Privacy Links About us Digital Magazine Follow us: www.army-technology.com is a product of Kable. Copyright 2017 Kable, a trading division of Kable Intelligence Limited.
বাংলা ગુજરાતી हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളംதமிழ் తెలుగు Facebook Twitter Google Plus Home News India International Sports Business Features Sports Cricket Football Leagues Movies Bollywood Hollywood Tamil Telugu Malayalam Kannada Television Photo Gallery Lifestyle Beauty Cookery Insync Health Home n Garden Pregnancy n Parenting Relationship Auto Car News Bike News Reviews How-To Photos EMI Calculator Offbeat Latest New Cars Gadgets Mobile Tablet Reviews Gadgets Travel Hotels Flights Articles Money News Classroom Personal Finance Mutual Fund Insurance Videos Coupons Makemytrip eBay Jabong Amazon Godaddy Paytm Flipkart Shopclues Zivame Cleartrip Education Other Languages বাংলা ગુજરાતી हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు Services Recharge Mobile Coupons Buy Insurance Buy Movie Tickets Indian Language Typing Cabs Social Facebook Twitter G+ Apps Mobile Android apps Mobile IOS apps Verticals Auto - DriveSpark Lifestyle Movies Money - GoodReturns Travel - NativePlanet Education - CareerIndia Classifieds - Click.in Cricket - ThatsCricket Domains Tech - GizBot Newsletters Android App IOS App Home  »  News  »  India  » After Viraat, navy’s spy plane ‘Albatross’ set to fly into sunset After Viraat, navy’s spy plane ‘Albatross’ set to fly into sunset The Russian origin Tupolev142M has done 28,000 hours of accident-free flying with the INAS 312 Maritime Reconnaissance Squadron of the Eastern Naval Command based at Arakkonam in Tamil Nadu By: Shubir Rishi Published: Friday, March 24, 2017, 14:32 [IST] Subscribe to Oneindia News The Tu-142M maritime snooping aircraft, better known as 'Albatross' for its massive wing-span, which on several occasions picked up Chinese and Pakistani submarines operating close to Indian waters will be decommissioned later this month. Set to be replaced by the American-origin P-8I anti-submarine warfare aircraft, the Russian origin Tupolev142M has done 28,000 hours of accident-free flying with the INAS 312 Maritime Reconnaissance Squadron of the Eastern Naval Command based at Arakkonam in Tamil Nadu. The squadron is also inducting the Boeing P-8I and two of these have also been received. India inked a deal worth US $2.1 billion January 1, 2009 for a total of eight aircraft, and the first aircraft arrived in India on May 15, 2013.  The aircraft were upgraded in the last decade in Russia to plug the gaps till the time the American aircraft arrived in India and joined the operational service, navy officials said. Inducted in 1988 The aircraft will now be retired at the naval air station INS Rajali in Arakkonam in Tamil Nadu at a ceremony on March 29," ET quoted an unnamed officer as saying. The aircraft were inducted in 1988 after the navy especially created the INS Rajali naval air base with a 4-km airstrip for it. All images courtesy: SpokespersonNavy/Twitter   Only three remain The fuel-guzzling Tupolev142M's were the primary genuine long-range maritime reconnaissance of the Indian Navy. The TU-142MKE has a speed of around 850 kmph, and a battle range of 6,500-km. Only three of the eight Taganrog-built Tu-142MEs, which were introduced in 1988, remain operational, according to flightglobal. These are operated by the service's 312 Sqn from INS Rajali, Arakkonam. The replacement arrives The first squadron of Boeing P-8I long-range maritime patrol aircraft was dedicated to the nation on November 14, 2015. Armed with the mighty Harpoon anti-ship missile, the Boeing P-8I Squadron (INAS 312A) will boost Navy's activities such as anti-surface warfare, long-range antii-submarine warfare, surveillance and reconnaissance and littoral missions. Image: The  Boeing P-8I long-range maritime patrol aircraft. Flexibility to undertake extensive surveillance "The aircraft will provide the Indian Navy the necessary reach and flexibility to undertake extensive surveillance as also to respond swiftly and effectively to contingencies in our areas of interest," says a navy spokesperson. Operational milestones During its short phase of trials and testing with the Indian Navy, the P-8I aircraft achieved many operational milestones including in the search effort for Malaysian Airlines Flight MH 370, the first successful firing of air launched Harpoon Block-II missile in the world, torpedo firing and active participation in major naval exercises. Read more about: indian navy, aircraft, plane, navy, chennai, china, spy, tamil nadu, warfare Other articles published on Mar 24, 2017 Please Wait while comments are loading... Modi among Time magazine probables for most influential people Mann Ki Baat: Working women to be given maternity leave of 26 weeks Ram Jethmalani in Kochi hospital, to be discharged soon Featured Posts Oneindia in Other Languages বাংলা ગુજરાતી हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు Explore Oneindia News India Sports Videos Cricket Features Coupons Business International Football Leagues Other Greynium Sites Filmibeat Boldsky Drivespark Gizbot Goodreturns Native Planet Careerindia Clickin Download Oneindia App Google Play App Store Follow Oneindia Daily Updates Get Oneindia Alerts Get Push Notifications About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Newsletters | Apps | RSS | Advertise with Us | Work for Us | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved. The "ONEINDIA" word mark and logo are owned by Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd.
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Business LATEST NEWS Never compromised my principles, says L K Advani Centre constantly undermining Parliament, says Sitaram Yechury Tell Sri Lanka to stop nabbing fishermen: Tamil Nadu Chief Minister K Palaniswami to PM India doesn't impose its views on anyone: PM Narendra Modi No idea of introducing new denomination notes at present: RBI Haryana CM Manohar Lal Khattar announces sops for traders Terrorism has thrown a big challenge to humanity: Narendra Modi Pollution, climate change affecting everyone: Rajnath Singh Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio News Company Corporate TrendsDeals Industry Economy AgricultureFinanceForeign TradeIndicatorsInfrastructurePolicy Politics and Nation Brandwire Banking/FinanceMedia/EntertainmentNGOs & CSRServicesTechnology Defence Analysis & Geo-StrategyIndustryPeopleInternationalPolicy & GovtMobility & WeaponsInternal SecurityEquipment & Ordnance International India Unlimited Swachh BharatMake in IndiaSmart Cities24X7 PowerModel VillagesFinancial InclusionTax ReformsDigital GovernanceVisit IndiaCSRCSR CompendiumET 2Good 4GoodCSR Practitioner SeriesNewsPolicyAnalysis & TrendsInitiatives More SportsScienceEnvironmentClean Air InitiativeGlobal WarmingThe Good EarthDevelopmental IssuesFlora & FaunaPollutionWild & WackyEarth SummitET TVLatest NewsMost ReadMost SharedMost Commented BusinessWorld News ET Home›News›International›Business 04:05 PM | 24 Marmarket stats SENSEX 29,42189.24 NIFTY 50 9,10821.70 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,8000.0 USD/INR 65.41-0.12 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW How a border tax could divide Boeing and its suppliers By Reuters | Updated: Mar 24, 2017, 12.17 PM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » US | Tax | Republican | Overhaul | Congress | Boeing The revamp would heighten existing tensions in the aerospace industry, where Boeing's aggressive cost-cutting driven by fierce competition with European rival Airbus has pushed suppliers to lower prices and source more parts and materials abroad. Tax planning: How to complete all tax work before March 31 SEATTLE: A US tax overhaul proposed by Republican leaders in Congress would deepen divisions between big manufacturers like Boeing Co and the thousands of smaller companies that supply them, according to suppliers and tax and trade experts. US automakers and other manufacturers that rely on imported components also would be affected by the proposals, which would tax imports at a 20 percent rate, and could split these sectors into winners and losers. The revamp would heighten existing tensions in the aerospace industry, where Boeing's aggressive cost-cutting driven by fierce competition with European rival Airbus has pushed suppliers to lower prices and source more parts and materials abroad. Aerospace components often zigzag through multiple countries and companies before reaching Boeing's factories in Washington and South Carolina. US-based suppliers to Boeing would face a tax on their imports of these parts. Boeing, the top exporter among US manufacturers, would export its jetliners tax free. Boeing and some of its largest suppliers, such as United Technologies Corp, General Electric Co and Honeywell International Inc, which also have substantial exports, favor the Republican tax package. The plans, laid out in a blueprint last year and which President Donald Trump has spoken about favorably, aim to boost US manufacturing, and include cutting the corporate tax rate to 20 percent from 35 percent and making capital investments immediately deductible. Lawmakers already are at work drafting a tax bill to introduce by early summer, but it could be delayed if health care changes take longer than expected, according to congressional staff. Suppliers concerned If the proposed 20 percent tax on imported goods had been in effect last year, Norfil Complex Machining, a 40-employee company in Pacific, Washington, likely would have paid more for titanium it imports from Russia. The metal goes into parts Norfil makes for Boeing landing gear that get assembled in Japan. "A lot of Russian titanium goes into planes," said Doren Spinner, Norfil's CEO. His purchase contracts have pricing that adjusts if costs go up, so the tax "would end up affecting what the plane would cost," he says. Other companies said it would be tough to pass higher costs on, and some might move production to low-cost locations abroad. "If the taxes are ridiculous, we'd just have to think of something creative," said Paul Doran, a sales manager at Mifa, a subsidiary of Netherlands-based Aalberts Industries NV that makes precision aluminum parts for aerospace, autos and other industries. "I think most companies would be in the same boat." Colin Frost, chief operating officer at parts and tooling supplier Carr Lane Manufacturing Co in St. Louis, Missouri, said he would consider manufacturing overseas if the tax plan were passed. "We'd end up splitting up the company and I don't think that's necessarily good for the U.S. economy," he said. Boeing said it was too soon to judge the plan's effects on suppliers and so far it appeared likely to benefit the industry as a whole rather than disrupt the supply chain. "These assessments will vary by company, and it's premature to speculate or generalize," Boeing spokeswoman Kate Bernard said. Outsourcing conundrum Boeing was among about 90 companies, including many suppliers, that signed a letter this month from the Aerospace Industries Association urging Congress to overhaul the US tax system. Boeing also is part of the American Made Coalition, an industry group that backs Republican tax proposals. Proponents say tax reform also would strengthen the dollar, offsetting the impact of the import tax for suppliers, and would encourage companies to invest in the United States. The tax overhaul could have cut Boeing's taxable income by an estimated $44.5 billion last year, according to tax experts and a Reuters analysis of Boeing's 2016 deliveries. Two-thirds of Boeing's jetliners were delivered overseas and would be tax exempt. Worth about $89 billion at list prices, they were likely sold at discounts of about 50 percent typical in the industry. Boeing declined to comment on the estimate. Boeing would face import taxes, too. Its 787 Dreamliner, for example, uses major parts from Japan's Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd, Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd, Kawasaki Heavy Industries Ltd and Italy's Leonardo SpA . Boeing also would still pay tax on sales to US airlines and the new tax regime would affect its defense and space businesses, which source and sell globally. Yet suppliers say Boeing's vigorous cost-saving has pressed many to outsource production to low-cost countries, which now exposes them to a potential border tax. US aerospace imports have doubled the past decade, with Mexico the fastest-growing source, up 950 percent since 2006. Supply chains would face renewed pressure under the new tax regime, said David Wireman, managing director and co-head of aerospace and defense at consulting firm AlixPartners. "The tax on imports proposed by the new administration would certainly affect the complex decisions on choosing suppliers, and likely would cause manufacturers to change some supplier relationships." Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! FROM AROUND THE WEB Top VOIP Deals You Shouldn't Pass Up. VOIP Offers An Herbalist's Dream Farm Cocooned in the Cascades Traditional Medicinals 9 Worst US States To Retire Due to Taxes, Living Expenses,.. TheFinancialWord.comMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath I value money because I have seen tough times—Ajinkya Rahane Seven Indian-origin people who made it big on a global scale From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Top Business Phone Offers You Shouldn't Pass Up. Business Phone Offers 5 Things Glasses Stores Don’t Want You to Know GlassesUSA.com Here’s Why Guys Are Obsessed With This Underwear… The Weekly Brief | Mack Weldon Prevent Serious, Chronic Conditions Today United Healthcare Actress Kalpana given state funeral, celebrities pay homage UK Parliament terror attack: What we know so far What went wrong and why Cyrus Mistry was shown the door Miss Universe: Miss France Iris Mittenaere Wins Crown READ MORE ON » US | Tax | Republican | Overhaul | Congress | Boeing To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented They offered struggling Arvind Kejriwal accommodation, AAP pays back with tickets Despite all the fuss, Yogi Adityanath's Gorakhpur is no case study of polarisation Tamil Nadu man deposits Rs 246 crore in account, will pay 45% of it as tax Data suggests Congress under Rahul Gandhi not doing as badly as it seems View: Adityanath’s rise marks the end of a 100-year-old battle More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebLive: Uttarakhand election results|Elections Results 2017 Sensex|Gold rate today Income Tax calculator|Income Tax Slabs RBI Monetary Policy Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #UPPolls #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News All drill, no frack: U.S. shale leaves thousands of wells unfinished Business Standard How a border tax could divide Boeing and its suppliers Reuters  |  SEATTLE  March 24, 2017 Last Updated at 10:55 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UUGe3i ALSO READ Insight: How Toyota, Target, Best Buy are fighting back against Republican border tax push Tax officials raid houses of Karnataka leaders; Congress irked Mexico economy minister says doubts U.S. border tax will materialize U.S. Treasury nominee Mnuchin hammered over offshore tax havens Trump meets retail CEOs who oppose Republican border tax plan By Alwyn Scott SEATTLE (Reuters) - A U.S. tax overhaul proposed by Republican leaders in Congress would deepen divisions between big manufacturers like Boeing Co and the thousands of smaller companies that supply them, according to suppliers and tax and trade experts. U.S. automakers and other manufacturers that rely on imported components also would be affected by the proposals, which would tax imports at a 20 percent rate, and could split these sectors into winners and losers. The revamp would heighten existing tensions in the aerospace industry, where Boeing's aggressive cost-cutting driven by fierce competition with European rival Airbus has pushed suppliers to lower prices and source more parts and materials abroad. Aerospace components often zigzag through multiple countries and companies before reaching Boeing's factories in Washington and South Carolina. U.S.-based suppliers to Boeing would face a tax on their imports of these parts. Boeing, the top exporter among U.S. manufacturers, would export its jetliners tax free. Boeing and some of its largest suppliers, such as United Technologies Corp, General Electric Co and Honeywell International Inc, which also have substantial exports, favor the Republican tax package. The plans, laid out in a blueprint last year and which President Donald Trump has spoken about favorably, aim to boost U.S. manufacturing, and include cutting the corporate tax rate to 20 percent from 35 percent and making capital investments immediately deductible. Lawmakers already are at work drafting a tax bill to introduce by early summer, but it could be delayed if health care changes take longer than expected, according to congressional staff. SUPPLIERS CONCERNED If the proposed 20 percent tax on imported goods had been in effect last year, Norfil Complex Machining, a 40-employee company in Pacific, Washington, likely would have paid more for titanium it imports from Russia. The metal goes into parts Norfil makes for Boeing landing gear that get assembled in Japan. "A lot of Russian titanium goes into planes," said Doren Spinner, Norfil's CEO. His purchase contracts have pricing that adjusts if costs go up, so the tax "would end up affecting what the plane would cost," he says. Other companies said it would be tough to pass higher costs on, and some might move production to low-cost locations abroad. "If the taxes are ridiculous, we'd just have to think of something creative," said Paul Doran, a sales manager at Mifa, a subsidiary of Netherlands-based Aalberts Industries NV that makes precision aluminum parts for aerospace, autos and other industries. "I think most companies would be in the same boat." Colin Frost, chief operating officer at parts and tooling supplier Carr Lane Manufacturing Co in St. Louis, Missouri, said he would consider manufacturing overseas if the tax plan were passed. "We'd end up splitting up the company and I don't think that's necessarily good for the U.S. economy," he said. Boeing said it was too soon to judge the plan's effects on suppliers and so far it appeared likely to benefit the industry as a whole rather than disrupt the supply chain. "These assessments will vary by company, and it's premature to speculate or generalize," Boeing spokeswoman Kate Bernard said. OUTSOURCING CONUNDRUM Boeing was among about 90 companies, including many suppliers, that signed a letter this month from the Aerospace Industries Association urging Congress to overhaul the U.S. tax system. Boeing also is part of the American Made Coalition, an industry group that backs Republican tax proposals. Proponents say tax reform also would strengthen the dollar, offsetting the impact of the import tax for suppliers, and would encourage companies to invest in the United States. The tax overhaul could have cut Boeing's taxable income by an estimated $44.5 billion last year, according to tax experts and a Reuters analysis of Boeing's 2016 deliveries. Two-thirds of Boeing's jetliners were delivered overseas and would be tax exempt. Worth about $89 billion at list prices, they were likely sold at discounts of about 50 percent typical in the industry. Boeing declined to comment on the estimate. Boeing would face import taxes, too. Its 787 Dreamliner, for example, uses major parts from Japan's Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd, Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd, Kawasaki Heavy Industries Ltd and Italy's Leonardo SpA. Boeing also would still pay tax on sales to U.S. airlines and the new tax regime would affect its defense and space businesses, which source and sell globally. Yet suppliers say Boeing's vigorous cost-saving has pressed many to outsource production to low-cost countries, which now exposes them to a potential border tax. U.S. aerospace imports have doubled the past decade, with Mexico the fastest-growing source, up 950 percent since 2006. (Graphic: http://tmsnrt.rs/2n4A8o1) Supply chains would face renewed pressure under the new tax regime, said David Wireman, managing director and co-head of aerospace and defense at consulting firm AlixPartners. "The tax on imports proposed by the new administration would certainly affect the complex decisions on choosing suppliers, and likely would cause manufacturers to change some supplier relationships." (Reporting by Alwyn Scott; Editing by Joe White and Tomasz Janowski) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Usa | Tax | Manufacturing | Congress | Reuters | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements The 'One' Sedan the World's Elite Prefer to Drive Banking conveinience on the go, anytime...anywhere Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Lavish 3 & 4 BHK in Khar, Mumbai @ 6.9 Cr* Onwards Start Free* Trading in Share Market for 1st Month Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Luxury 3 & 4 BHK in BKC, Mumbai @ 6.4 Cr* Onwards Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance 0* Brokerage for 1st Mnth Trading &100% Free* Demat A/c New to investing in shares? Main Jahan, Mera Bank Wahan New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep How a border tax could divide Boeing and its suppliers SEATTLE (Reuters) - A U.S. tax overhaul proposed by Republican leaders in Congress would deepen divisions between big manufacturers like Boeing Co and the thousands of smaller companies that supply them, according to suppliers and tax and trade experts. By Alwyn Scott SEATTLE (Reuters) - A U.S. tax overhaul proposed by Republican leaders in Congress would deepen divisions between big manufacturers like Boeing Co and the thousands of smaller companies that supply them, according to suppliers and tax and trade experts. U.S. automakers and other manufacturers that rely on imported components also would be affected by the proposals, which would tax imports at a 20 percent rate, and could split these sectors into winners and losers. The revamp would heighten existing tensions in the aerospace industry, where Boeing's aggressive cost-cutting driven by fierce competition with European rival Airbus has pushed suppliers to lower prices and source more parts and materials abroad. Aerospace components often zigzag through multiple countries and companies before reaching Boeing's factories in Washington and South Carolina. U.S.-based suppliers to Boeing would face a tax on their imports of these parts. Boeing, the top exporter among U.S. manufacturers, would export its jetliners tax free. Boeing and some of its largest suppliers, such as United Technologies Corp, General Electric Co and Honeywell International Inc, which also have substantial exports, favor the Republican tax package. The plans, laid out in a blueprint last year and which President Donald Trump has spoken about favorably, aim to boost U.S. manufacturing, and include cutting the corporate tax rate to 20 percent from 35 percent and making capital investments immediately deductible. Lawmakers already are at work drafting a tax bill to introduce by early summer, but it could be delayed if health care changes take longer than expected, according to congressional staff. SUPPLIERS CONCERNED If the proposed 20 percent tax on imported goods had been in effect last year, Norfil Complex Machining, a 40-employee company in Pacific, Washington, likely would have paid more for titanium it imports from Russia. The metal goes into parts Norfil makes for Boeing landing gear that get assembled in Japan. "A lot of Russian titanium goes into planes," said Doren Spinner, Norfil's CEO. His purchase contracts have pricing that adjusts if costs go up, so the tax "would end up affecting what the plane would cost," he says. Other companies said it would be tough to pass higher costs on, and some might move production to low-cost locations abroad. "If the taxes are ridiculous, we'd just have to think of something creative," said Paul Doran, a sales manager at Mifa, a subsidiary of Netherlands-based Aalberts Industries NV that makes precision aluminum parts for aerospace, autos and other industries. "I think most companies would be in the same boat." Colin Frost, chief operating officer at parts and tooling supplier Carr Lane Manufacturing Co in St. Louis, Missouri, said he would consider manufacturing overseas if the tax plan were passed. "We'd end up splitting up the company and I don't think that's necessarily good for the U.S. economy," he said. Boeing said it was too soon to judge the plan's effects on suppliers and so far it appeared likely to benefit the industry as a whole rather than disrupt the supply chain. "These assessments will vary by company, and it's premature to speculate or generalize," Boeing spokeswoman Kate Bernard said. OUTSOURCING CONUNDRUM Boeing was among about 90 companies, including many suppliers, that signed a letter this month from the Aerospace Industries Association urging Congress to overhaul the U.S. tax system. Boeing also is part of the American Made Coalition, an industry group that backs Republican tax proposals. Proponents say tax reform also would strengthen the dollar, offsetting the impact of the import tax for suppliers, and would encourage companies to invest in the United States. The tax overhaul could have cut Boeing's taxable income by an estimated $44.5 billion last year, according to tax experts and a Reuters analysis of Boeing's 2016 deliveries. Two-thirds of Boeing's jetliners were delivered overseas and would be tax exempt. Worth about $89 billion at list prices, they were likely sold at discounts of about 50 percent typical in the industry. Boeing declined to comment on the estimate. Boeing would face import taxes, too. Its 787 Dreamliner, for example, uses major parts from Japan's Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd, Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd, Kawasaki Heavy Industries Ltd and Italy's Leonardo SpA. Boeing also would still pay tax on sales to U.S. airlines and the new tax regime would affect its defense and space businesses, which source and sell globally. Yet suppliers say Boeing's vigorous cost-saving has pressed many to outsource production to low-cost countries, which now exposes them to a potential border tax. U.S. aerospace imports have doubled the past decade, with Mexico the fastest-growing source, up 950 percent since 2006. (Graphic: http://tmsnrt.rs/2n4A8o1) Supply chains would face renewed pressure under the new tax regime, said David Wireman, managing director and co-head of aerospace and defense at consulting firm AlixPartners. "The tax on imports proposed by the new administration would certainly affect the complex decisions on choosing suppliers, and likely would cause manufacturers to change some supplier relationships." (Reporting by Alwyn Scott; Editing by Joe White and Tomasz Janowski) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 How a border tax could divide Boeing and its suppliers By Alwyn Scott SEATTLE (Reuters) - A U.S. tax overhaul proposed by Republican leaders in Congress would deepen divisions between big manufacturers like Boeing Co and the thousands of smaller companies that supply them, according to suppliers and tax and trade experts. U.S. automakers and other manufacturers that rely on imported components also would be affected by the proposals, which would tax imports at a 20 percent rate, and could split these sectors into winners and losers. The revamp would heighten existing tensions in the aerospace industry, where Boeing's aggressive cost-cutting driven by fierce competition with European rival Airbus has pushed suppliers to lower prices and source more parts and materials abroad. Aerospace components often zigzag through multiple countries and companies before reaching Boeing's factories in Washington and South Carolina. U.S.-based suppliers to Boeing would face a tax on their imports of these parts. Boeing, the top exporter among U.S. manufacturers, would export its jetliners tax free. Boeing and some of its largest suppliers, such as United Technologies Corp, General Electric Co and Honeywell International Inc, which also have substantial exports, favor the Republican tax package. The plans, laid out in a blueprint last year and which President Donald Trump has spoken about favorably, aim to boost U.S. manufacturing, and include cutting the corporate tax rate to 20 percent from 35 percent and making capital investments immediately deductible. Lawmakers already are at work drafting a tax bill to introduce by early summer, but it could be delayed if health care changes take longer than expected, according to congressional staff. SUPPLIERS CONCERNED If the proposed 20 percent tax on imported goods had been in effect last year, Norfil Complex Machining, a 40-employee company in Pacific, Washington, likely would have paid more for titanium it imports from Russia. The metal goes into parts Norfil makes for Boeing landing gear that get assembled in Japan. "A lot of Russian titanium goes into planes," said Doren Spinner, Norfil's CEO. His purchase contracts have pricing that adjusts if costs go up, so the tax "would end up affecting what the plane would cost," he says. Other companies said it would be tough to pass higher costs on, and some might move production to low-cost locations abroad. "If the taxes are ridiculous, we'd just have to think of something creative," said Paul Doran, a sales manager at Mifa, a subsidiary of Netherlands-based Aalberts Industries NV that makes precision aluminum parts for aerospace, autos and other industries. "I think most companies would be in the same boat." Colin Frost, chief operating officer at parts and tooling supplier Carr Lane Manufacturing Co in St. Louis, Missouri, said he would consider manufacturing overseas if the tax plan were passed. "We'd end up splitting up the company and I don't think that's necessarily good for the U.S. economy," he said. Boeing said it was too soon to judge the plan's effects on suppliers and so far it appeared likely to benefit the industry as a whole rather than disrupt the supply chain. "These assessments will vary by company, and it's premature to speculate or generalize," Boeing spokeswoman Kate Bernard said. OUTSOURCING CONUNDRUM Boeing was among about 90 companies, including many suppliers, that signed a letter this month from the Aerospace Industries Association urging Congress to overhaul the U.S. tax system. Boeing also is part of the American Made Coalition, an industry group that backs Republican tax proposals. Proponents say tax reform also would strengthen the dollar, offsetting the impact of the import tax for suppliers, and would encourage companies to invest in the United States. The tax overhaul could have cut Boeing's taxable income by an estimated $44.5 billion last year, according to tax experts and a Reuters analysis of Boeing's 2016 deliveries. Two-thirds of Boeing's jetliners were delivered overseas and would be tax exempt. Worth about $89 billion at list prices, they were likely sold at discounts of about 50 percent typical in the industry. Boeing declined to comment on the estimate. Boeing would face import taxes, too. Its 787 Dreamliner, for example, uses major parts from Japan's Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd, Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd, Kawasaki Heavy Industries Ltd and Italy's Leonardo SpA. Boeing also would still pay tax on sales to U.S. airlines and the new tax regime would affect its defense and space businesses, which source and sell globally. Yet suppliers say Boeing's vigorous cost-saving has pressed many to outsource production to low-cost countries, which now exposes them to a potential border tax. U.S. aerospace imports have doubled the past decade, with Mexico the fastest-growing source, up 950 percent since 2006. (Graphic: http://tmsnrt.rs/2n4A8o1) Supply chains would face renewed pressure under the new tax regime, said David Wireman, managing director and co-head of aerospace and defense at consulting firm AlixPartners. "The tax on imports proposed by the new administration would certainly affect the complex decisions on choosing suppliers, and likely would cause manufacturers to change some supplier relationships." (Reporting by Alwyn Scott; Editing by Joe White and Tomasz Janowski) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
null
Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week Startup Spotlight Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits Startup Resources Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR Week in Review: Most popular stories on GeekWire for the week of March 19, 2017 GeekWire Deals: Sleep soundly with this crazy-soft sheet set Bill Gates and Paul Allen had a business before Microsoft, and this engineer was their partner This Week in Seattle: Uber’s uncertain future, South Lake Union upzone, and more stuff you should know Electroimpact to pay $485,000 over claims of workplace harassment against Muslims Amazon will collect sales tax in four additional states starting April 1 Working Geek: FlowPlay CEO Derrick Morton relieves stress by going totally off the grid Outcry rises when Trump’s treasury chief, Steve Mnuchin, scoffs at AI impact on jobs GeekWire 200 March update: Startups spring up the list thanks to cash infusions The Week in Geek: How Starbucks and Amazon are becoming more alike Spacewalkers help get station ready for space taxis during first of three outings Geek of the Week: Data-driven CEO Omri Kohl aims to transform businesses at Pyramid Analytics GeekWire Deals: Master design industry favorites Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, and Premiere Pro Mobile ad developer claims in lawsuit it was cut out of Amazon smartphone deal by partner Uber GM says service may leave Seattle if landmark union law is implemented Pop culture powerhouse Funko to open giant flagship store in new Everett headquarters building Video provides another look at Amazon delivery drone (and Blue Origin spaceship) On World TB Day, meet researchers who are taking on the world’s deadliest pathogen Elon Musk posts a sneak peek of the first drive for a Tesla Model 3 electric car ‘Life’ horror movie sparks reality check on procedures for studying Mars samples Seattle to Portland in 15 minutes? Pacific Hyperloop begins campaign to make it so Boy meets artificial girl: My son got an Echo Dot, and here’s what he’s saying to Amazon’s Alexa Amazon Prime Air delivery drone drops off sunscreen during semi-public U.S. debut Gundam? Alien? It’s Jeff Bezos, piloting a giant robot at Amazon’s MARS conference Reports point to caution signals for Amazon Go checkout-free store Uber GM says service may leave Seattle if landmark union law is implemented IBM aims to undercut AWS and Azure with new ‘Flex’ cloud storage service U.S. Supreme Court set to hear arguments in decade-old Xbox 360 scratched-disc case Microsoft outage: Office 365, Xbox Live, Outlook, and more suffer account sign-in issues Why Alaska Airlines is killing off the Virgin America brand – and boosting perks SpaceX’s Elon Musk isn’t smiling over NASA authorization for Mars missions Watch dramatic new video shot by a drone flying high over the Amazon Spheres in Seattle Jump in Seattle’s median home value and rental price among fastest in the country, Zillow reports Twitter starts using IBM’s Watson technology to help identify bullies who tweet Adobe unveils new Microsoft HoloLens and Amazon Alexa integrations Jeff Bezos does a deep dive into bearings in Blue Origin’s BE-4 rocket engine update Scoop launches carpooling service in Seattle, helping workers get to and from the office This Week in Seattle: Uber’s uncertain future, South Lake Union upzone, and more stuff you should know The secret science of your office space: How architects are using neuroscience to make workers healthier and more productive Bill Gates and Paul Allen had a business before Microsoft, and this engineer was their partner Trending: Bill Gates and Paul Allen had a business before Microsoft, and this engineer was their partner Space & Science Why Alaska Airlines is killing off the Virgin America brand – and boosting perks by Alan Boyle on March 22, 2017 at 10:29 pmMarch 25, 2017 at 6:53 pm Comments  4 Share  79 Tweet Share  13 Reddit Email Early-bird tix on sale for the GeekWire Awards! Alaska Airlines will be retiring the Virgin America brand and logo by the end of 2019. (Alaska Air Photo) It all comes down to cost and consistency of branding: That’s why Alaska Airlines announced today that it would retire the Virgin America name for the airline it acquired last year. Seattle-based Alaska Air Group completed the $4 billion transaction (including debt and lease payments) to take over Virgin America’s operation and its routes late last year – but the question of what to do with the operation’s name had been hanging over the acquisition since it was announced last April. “We spent the last 10 months conducting extensive research and listening carefully to what fliers on the West Coast want most,” Sangita Woerner, Alaska Airlines’ vice president of marketing, said in today’s announcement. “While the Virgin America name is beloved to many, we concluded that to be successful on the West Coast we had to do so under one name – for consistency and efficiency, and to allow us to continue to deliver low fares.” Alaska said the Virgin America name and logo would be retired “likely sometime in 2019.” Alaska has to wait at least long enough to win certification from the Federal Aviation Administration for the two airlines to operate as a single carrier. Even before the acquisition, Virgin America had an arms-length relationship with British-based Virgin Group due to U.S. regulatory requirements. Virgin owned less than 25 percent of Virgin America – and was paid 0.7 percent of the airline’s roughly $1.5 billion in annual revenue as a licensing fee for the name. It’s not clear how much the licensing fee figured into Alaska Airlines’ decision. Potential brand confusion with Virgin Atlantic is a factor as well. In fact, Virgin Atlantic will raise its profile in Seattle next week by inaugurating nonstop flights to London (and bringing in Virgin’s billionaire founder, Richard Branson, for a celebration). Virgin America’s brand has had special cachet for Silicon Valley fliers, and in an attempt to keep that clientele as well as Alaska’s traditional customers happy, Alaska announced several enhancements to the customer experience: Mood lighting, music and meals: In a nod to the red-and-purple mood lighting scheme on Virgin America’s Airbus jets, Alaska will be phasing in blue mood lighting on its Boeing jets. Alaska will also update its passenger cabin design, its uniforms, its musical repertoire and its West Coast-inspired menus. By June, Alaska first-class passengers will be able to pre-select meals before they fly, and by next year, main-cabin passengers will be able to pre-pay for meals. High-speed wireless: In 2018, Alaska will start retrofitting its Boeing jets with satellite Wi-Fi that should be speedy enough to accommodate streaming video services like Netflix. Free chat and online messaging, which has been a feature on Alaska’s Boeing jets since January, will be expanded to Virgin America’s Airbus jets this August. The satellite Wi-Fi upgrade should be complete for the entire fleet, Boeing as well as Airbus, by the end of 2019. Free movies and TV: Passengers will continue to have free access to movies and TV shows on their own devices on Alaska’s Boeing jets. Free movies and TV will be coming to the in-flight entertainment system on Virgin America’s Airbus jets in August, and early-release movies will continue to be available for purchase. Premium seating: Beginning in late 2018, Alaska will add 18 premium-class seats to the Airbus jets and rearrange the first-class layout to go from eight to 12 seats. Virgin America’s first-class riders won’t be able to stretch out as far as they used to, but more seats will be available for Alaska’s free upgrades. The Alaska Mileage Plan becomes the sole loyalty program in 2018. Airport lounges: Alaska plans to remodel and expand its airport lounges in Seattle, Portland and Los Angeles by early 2019. New lounges will be built in San Francisco and at New York’s John F. Kennedy International Airport. The new Alaska will infuse many of the brand elements you love about us. https://t.co/2uP5Io3yCN #MostWestCoast — Virgin America (@VirginAmerica) March 22, 2017 Today’s announcement brought mixed reviews in the comments on Alaska Airlines’ website as well as on online forums such as Flyertalk. “So basically I only have about a year and a half to enjoy Virgin before it disappears,” one comment read. “I knew this day would come. So sad.” Another commenter was more upbeat. “I was an early Virgin America adopter and have been at Gold level since 2011,” the commenter wrote. “We were all worried that the merger would ruin the Virgin America service, value and vibe we all live. It sounds like you’ve accepted the challenge to not only meet it but perhaps even go beyond!” Love space and science? Sign up for our GeekWire Space & Science email newsletter for top headlines from Alan Boyle, GeekWire’s aerospace and science editor. GeekWire aerospace and science editor Alan Boyle is an award-winning science writer and veteran space reporter. Formerly of NBCNews.com, he is the author of "The Case for Pluto: How a Little Planet Made a Big Difference." Follow him via CosmicLog.com, on Twitter @b0yle, and on Facebook and Google+. Comments 4 Share  79 Tweet Share  13 Reddit Email Previous StoryHoward Schultz hands the ‘keys to Starbucks’ to incoming CEO and tech veteran Kevin Johnson Next StoryJump in Seattle’s median home value and rental price among fastest in the country, Zillow reports Filed Under: Science  Tagged With: air travel • Alaska Air • Alaska Airlines • Aviation • Travel • Virgin America GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's Space & Science weekly newsletter Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Send Us a Tip Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know. Send Us a Tip See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories Alaska Air makes its takeover of Virgin America official with a blue-red Boeing jet Alaska Airlines breaks ties with Delta after hooking up with Virgin America Alaska Air confirms purchase of Virgin America for $2.6 billion after ‘hard-fought competition’ Alaska Air Group reportedly closes in on $2 billion purchase of Virgin America Previous StoryHoward Schultz hands the ‘keys to Starbucks’ to incoming CEO and tech veteran Kevin Johnson Next StoryJump in Seattle’s median home value and rental price among fastest in the country, Zillow reports Subscribe to GeekWire's Space & Science weekly newsletter Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: Sleep soundly with this crazy-soft sheet set GeekWire Deals: Master design industry favorites Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, and Premiere Pro Most Popular on GeekWire Seattle to Portland in 15 minutes? Pacific Hyperloop begins campaign to make it so Boy meets artificial girl: My son got an Echo Dot, and here’s what he’s saying to Amazon’s Alexa Amazon Prime Air delivery drone drops off sunscreen during semi-public U.S. debut Gundam? Alien? It’s Jeff Bezos, piloting a giant robot at Amazon’s MARS conference Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. Front End Web DeveloperFront Desk, Inc. IoT Solution ArchitectResin.io Back End Web DeveloperFront Desk, Inc. × Subscribe to GeekWire Newsletters Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers A Word From Our Sponsors Condos a go-go: Burrard Group and Realogics Sotheby’s International Realty sell more than $200 million in units during debut weekend of NEXUS Tower Read More Are Your Product Launches Predictable? Learn more about reducing risk in your next project. SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More GeekWire Bash: The ultimate geek carnival is almost here! Get your tickets today! Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session March 13th Condos a go-go: Burrard Group and Realogics Sotheby’s International Realty sell more than $200 million in units during debut weekend of NEXUS Tower Read More Are Your Product Launches Predictable? Learn more about reducing risk in your next project. SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More GeekWire Bash: The ultimate geek carnival is almost here! Get your tickets today! Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session March 13th Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Windows Phone Windows 8 Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
IE Home Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Gadgets Review Photos Videos Mobile & Tabs Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Science Astronauts complete spacewalk to retrofit space station Astronauts complete spacewalk to retrofit space station NASA is expected to schedule a third spacewalk once its next cargo ship arrives at the station with more items to install. By: Reuters | Cape Canaveral | Updated: March 25, 2017 10:08 am NASA is expected to schedule a third spacewalk once its next cargo ship arrives at the station with more items to install. (Source: NASA) Two spacewalking astronauts ventured outside the International Space Station on Friday for a 6-1/2-hour spacewalk, the first of three to prepare the orbiting laboratory for future commercial space taxis and to tackle maintenance chores, NASA TV showed. US station commander Shane Kimbrough, 49, and French flight engineer Thomas Pesquet, 39, floated outside the station’s airlock as the $100 billion complex soared 250 miles (402 km) above Earth. Kimbrough, making his fifth spacewalk, first upgraded a computer relay box on the station’s central beam, then worked on a docking system for new spaceships in development by Boeing and Space Exploration Technologies, or SpaceX. The US National Aeronautics and Space Administration is making the retrofits in the hope that private companies will begin flying astronauts to the station by the end of 2018. This would break Russia’s monopoly on crew transportation, a service that costs NASA more than $80 million per person. The first of the space taxis is scheduled for an unmanned debut test flight later this year. During Friday’s spacewalk, Kimbrough disconnected four cables on a docking tunnel to be used by the new commercial space taxis. On Sunday, ground control teams will use the station’s robot arm to move it onto a different module. The astronauts also lubricated part of the station’s robot arm, replaced cameras on Japan’s experiment platform and tackled other maintenance tasks before heading back inside the station. A second spacewalk by Pesquet and NASA astronaut Peggy Whitson is planned for Thursday to install new cables to the relocated docking tunnel. Once all the work is finished, the US side of the station will have two docking ports for passenger spaceships and two for cargo ships. Russia, which jointly operates the station with NASA, has five docking ports. Also participating in the station program with research modules and equipment are Europe, Japan and Canada. During Friday’s spacewalk, Pesquet inspected hoses, attachments and other components of the station’s ammonia cooling system. Flight controllers are looking for the source of a small leak in the system. Pesquet, making his second spacewalk, did not see any leaking ammonia but engineers will review his video for closer scrutiny, said NASA mission commentator Gary Jordan. NASA is expected to schedule a third spacewalk once its next cargo ship arrives at the station with more items to install. Engineers are troubleshooting a problem with the cargo ship’s launch vehicle. For all the latest Tech News, download Indian Express App now Tags: NASA Best of Express Yogi Adityanath asks BJP functionaries to shun contracts EntertainmentBaahubali 2 movie pre-release event live updates: SS Rajamouli is offering a 360-degree view. Watch live streaming EntertainmentThe Kapil Sharma Show: 5 moments from its recent episode that prove it has no future without Sunil Grover EntertainmentBeyhadh 2: Jennifer Winget shares new promo showing Maya’s obsession for Arjun. But why did she delete it? EntertainmentPhillauri: Anushka Sharma-Diljit Dosanjh film is a love story we don't get to see everyday Must Read SportsIndia fail to keep pace as Lyon roars for Australia SportsDisappointed to not convert starts: KL Rahul SportsUnbelievable to be evenly poised after Day 2: Lyon TechnologyReliance Jio Prime subscription deadline to be extended by a month: Report TechnologyBaselworld 2017: Highlights from the world's largest watch and jewellery trade show TechnologyNokia 150 Dual SIM now available in India; priced at Rs 2059 LifestyleIn a path-breaking discovery, scientists turn spinach leaves into beating heart tissues Mar 26: Latest News Objective is to rid India of casteism, corruption, Cong, says Amit Shah Slaughterhouses crackdown: Meat sellers in UP to go on indefinite strike from Monday Not laddos or pedha, this Chennai temple distributes brownies, burgers and sandwiches as prasad! Virbhadra Singh warns of legal action over ‘false allegation’ by BJP leaders South African woman held with drugs worth Rs 1.47 crore in Mumbai                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
skip - skip - Visual Revenue skip - skip - skip - logo schema for google skip - infolinks- inread skip - skip - ad skip - AddBolcker skip - pop skip - Maavaron script Stop animations Toggle contrast Report an accessibility issue  Log in Profile Logout Subscribe now Haaretz - Israel News Sunday, March 26, 2017. Adar 28, 5777 Time in Israel: 6:44 PM Search Click to search  Share  Tweet  Email  Zen Israel News Opinion U.S. News World News Middle East News Jewish World All sections Israel News Israeli Culture Sports Videos Travel in Israel Business Security & Aviation Science Year in Review 2016 U.S. News World News Middle East News Jewish Holidays Books Opinion Archaeology Life & Culture Food E-paper Shabbat Times Weather ESSENCE Edition française Israel Real Estate Log in Profile Scroll back Scroll forward Home   >   Middle East News   >   Turkey Is Trump's Electronics Ban Meant to Undermine Terrorism... or Turkey? While the U.S. and U.K. cite security concerns for banning large electronics from passenger carry-on, some smell a business conspiracy of sabotage. Reuters Mar 23, 2017 7:00 PM comments Print   Zen Subscribe now  Shareshare on facebook  Tweet send via email reddit stumbleupon Turkish Airlines planes lined up at Ataturk Airport in Istanbul. MURAD SEZER/REUTERS Threat of explosives in electronic devices behind U.S. flight ban, official says U.K. follows U.S. ban on electronic devices on flights from Middle East Israeli aviation security expert dumbfounded by Trump's electronics ban As Istanbul builds a massive new airport and Turkish Airlines pursues aggressive route expansion, some in Turkey see the ban on large carry-on electronics on U.S. and Britain-bound flights as a ploy to undermine their aviation industry.  The U.S. and British decisions to forbid devices bigger than a cellphone in the cabin on flights from several Middle East and North African states could hit Istanbul particularly hard, after years building up its position as an international hub.  More than half of international passengers at Turkish Airlines, which is 49 percent state-owned and serves 247 destinations outside Turkey, are transit customers who could instead travel through Europe or other hubs.  Fast-growing Gulf airlines such as Emirates, Etihad and Qatar Airways, which similarly depend on business-class flyers stopping over in places like Dubai or Doha for far-flung destinations, could also be hit.  For Turkey's national carrier, the setback comes as it prepares to relocate to a 10 billion euro ($10.8 billion) third airport in Istanbul, billed by the developer as the world's largest and championed by President Tayyip Erdogan as a megaproject that will cement Turkey's global standing.  "The biggest aim of the third airport was to use Istanbul as a hub. But if such security measures become permanent, this could reduce Istanbul's appeal," said Esra Sirinel, a deputy research director at Is Investment and an airline specialist.  Istanbul's existing main Ataturk airport is struggling to cope with millions of transit passengers a month. The new airport will initially have the capacity for 90 million passengers when it opens in 2018, but ultimately aims to serve double that and to offer flights to more than 350 destinations.  Turkey's pro-government media, which, like Erdogan, often casts the country as a victim of foreign conspiracies, was quick to lambaste the new regulations.  "They're afraid of THY (Turkish Airlines)," the Yeni Safak newspaper said in a front-page headline on Thursday, over a simulated image of the new airport glistening in the sun. It cast the move as a plot against Turkey's national carrier.  "We need to stop THY," read the headline on fellow pro-government daily Aksam, which claimed U.S. carriers, facing stiff competition from Turkish Airlines and Gulf carriers, had lobbied for the move.  Gulf airlines have been battling against a campaign in Washington by U.S. carriers which accuse them of receiving unfair subsidies, charges they deny.  The administration of U.S. President Donald Trump has so far placed more emphasis on the job benefits of building jets for foreign carriers. Gulf carriers and Turkish Airlines are major customers of Boeing and between them have more than 440 Boeing jets on order, worth tens of billions of dollars.  "Purely commercial decision" The U.S. restrictions apply to flights originating from 10 airports in countries including the United Arab Emirates, Qatar and Turkey. The British restrictions do not include the UAE or Qatar but will affect Turkish Airlines and U.K.-based carriers including British Airways, EasyJet and Monarch.  A senior Turkish government official questioned the basis for the restrictions, saying airport security in Turkey was no worse than in Europe and that laptops or tablets could still be used to carry explosives even if they are put in the hold.  "It appears this decision was made purely on commercial grounds, and it seems it was done to limit the advancements made by Turkish Airlines and by Turkey," the official told Reuters.  Security experts say Washington and London may believe a laptop could disguise a bomb big enough to bring down a plane, warranting extra explosives checks which can be performed on luggage in the hold. Confining any device to checked baggage would also make it harder for a would-be attacker to trigger it, or to position it to bring the plane down.  Turkey's foreign ministry said talks were underway to try to persuade the United States and Britain to exclude Turkish Airlines and Istanbul airport from the ban.  Istanbul-based brokerage Unlu&Co said Turkish Airlines and Gulf operators would be hit hardest by the regulations.  "(They) have the most to lose from the U.S. ban since they rely on transfer passengers who may need access to laptops and other devices for business reasons and could easily travel via European hubs, like Frankfurt," it said in a report.  Emirates said it would introduce a service letting customers use laptops and tablets until just before they board direct flights to the U.S. from Dubai, and made clear on Thursday that the ban did not apply to its U.S.-bound flights via Europe.  The Americas account for 14 percent of Turkish Airlines revenue, according to the airline's website, which does not break out figures separately for the United States or Britain.  Turkish Airlines did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Reuters Reuters Send me email alerts for new articles by Reuters Send Close Email * Please enter your email Reuters For a list of Haaretz newsletters, click here. Close  Send me email alerts for new articles by Reuters Send me email alerts Want to enjoy 'Zen' reading - with no ads and just the article? Subscribe today Subscribe now Back to page skip - skip all comments Comments Sign in to join the conversation. Add a comment Name * Required field Subject * Required field Comment Send Cancel By adding a comment, I agree to this site’s Terms of use Thank you! Your comment was successfully submitted and will be published in accordance with site policy. If you would like to be notified when your comment is published, please fill in your email address in the form below. Email * Please enter valid email Keep me posted No thanks Please wait… An error has occurred Please try again later Close Sort comments by Newest first Oldest first Top-rated first Expand all 1 Reply Close Reply Close Load more Loading more comments skip - gone viral on facbook/haaretzcom Gone Viral skip - video Trending Now Inside the Clandestine World of Israel's 'BDS-busting' Ministry Scent of Elections in the Air? Lapid Drops Demand for Palestinian State Analysis Hamas Faces Dilemma After Accusing Israel of Killing Top Militant Will a Former Galilee Shepherd Find a Cure for Cancer? Security & Aviation Putin Told Israel That Its Freedom to Act Is Over, Syrian UN Envoy Says U.S. Bars Travelers From Muslim Countries From Carrying Electronics Onboard Assad Sends an Explosive Message to Israel The Role Russia Played in the Israel-Syria Missile Clash Analysis In His First Big Political Test, Trump Crashed and Burned By Chemi Shalev (New York)yesterday This is a primium article 2 comments 2 Auschwitz Shuts Down After Nude Protesters Slaughter Sheep, Chain Selves to Gate By Ofer Aderetyesterday Archaeologists Uncover Stunning Town Built by Greeks in Italy 2,500 Years Ago By Philippe Bohstrom23.03.2017 Israeli American Teen Arrested for 'Hundreds' of Bomb Threats Against Jewish Centers By Yaniv Kubovich23.03.2017 This article contains a video 2 comments 2 Why Did Trump Keep Obama's Senior Israel Adviser? Depends Who You're Asking By Barak Ravid2 days ago This is a primium article Turkey Promoted content All the latest Middle East news, straight to your inbox Email* Please enter a valid email address Please enter your email Sign up I'd like to receive emails on offers, appeals and commercial info Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, This email address has already registered for this newsletter. Close skip - tw Tweets by haaretzcom skip - Subscribe element skip - ICYMI Scroll back This Israeli Anchorwoman Is Terrifying Netanyahu Putin Told Israel That Its Freedom to Act Is Over, Syrian UN Envoy Says Report: Israel Is Eighth Most Powerful Country in the World Assad Sends an Explosive Message to Israel Vice Co-founder Lists the '10 Things He Hates the Most About Jews' Mark Twain's Trumpian Book on the Holy Land Elite Nazi-allied Order: Trump Adviser Is Sworn Member I Arrive in Israel on March 21. Arrest Me Explained: What Just Happened Between Turkey and the Netherlands Secret Doc Reveals Israel Expelled Gazans After Six-Day War Next War With Lebanon Must Hit Civilians Where It Hurts, Bennett Says Richard Gere to Haaretz: The Occupation Is Indefensible Children Find a Treasure in Holocaust Survivors' Suitcase Locked for Decades Crusader Shipwreck, Gold Found by Diving Archaeologists in Israel 10 Ways Trump Has Already Made America - and the World - Great Again WATCH Israeli TV Host Implores Israelis: Wake Up and Smell the Apartheid The Timing, Source, and What's Missing: Wikileaks' CIA Dump Spectacular Historic Aerial Shots of Pre-state Israel Revealed 3 Nonsensical Claims Made While U.S. Jewry Is Under Attack Trump Suggests anti-Semitic Incidents Could Be False Flags by Jews Scroll forward FAQ Contact us Newsletters Terms and conditions Privacy policy Management Editorial Accessibility Advertise on Haaretz.com RSS Contact us Download our Android app Download our iOS app gPlus Facebook Twitter Israel News Middle East Jewish World U.S./World Business Partnerships Dan Hotels in Tel Aviv Haaretz Labels Michael Laitman Love Quotes - LifeHacks Life Archaeology Science Sports Culture Purim Books Travel Theater Movies and TV Food Poem of the Week Columnists Bradley Burston Chemi Shalev Allison Kaplan Sommer Anshel Pfeffer Sayed Kashua Ilene Prusher David Rosenberg Carlo Strenger Vered Guttman Opinion Daily Cartoon Letters to the Editor הארץ מתכונים לפסח חדשות גלריה ספורט ספרים סרטים מומלצים קפטן אינטרנט TheMarker Finance חדשות שוק ההון צרכנות נדל"ן Haaretz.com, the online edition of Haaretz Newspaper in Israel, and analysis from Israel and the Middle East. Haaretz.com provides extensive and in-depth coverage of Israel, the Jewish World and the Middle East, including defense, diplomacy, the Arab-Israeli conflict, the peace process, Israeli politics, Jerusalem affairs, international relations, Iran, Iraq, Syria, Lebanon, the Palestinian Authority, the West Bank and the Gaza Strip, the Israeli business world and Jewish life in Israel and the Diaspora. © Haaretz Daily Newspaper Ltd. All Rights Reserved skip - skip - skip - default close skip - skip - skip - Crazy egg skip - collecting surfing data - responsive skip - skip - skip - skip - access list by IP script skip - skip - skip - skip - maavaron
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Sunday, March 26, 2017 11:37 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 27°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Life Astronauts complete spacewalk to retrofit space station (VIDEO) Saturday March 25, 2017 11:37 AM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: What’s the fuss over poke bowls? The Edit: Heartifacts: Retro chic furniture made from railway tracks China’s favourite Lam wins Hong Kong leadership, vows to heal rifts Ferrari’s back: Vettel stuns Mercedes’ Hamilton in F1 season opener Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Nasa astronauts Shane Kimbrough and Thomas Pesquet upgrade the International Space Station's power system during a spacewalk, in this still image taken from video, January 13, 2017. ― Nasa handout via ReutersCAPE CANAVERAL, March 25 — Two spacewalking astronauts ventured outside the International Space Station yesterday for a 6-1/2-hour spacewalk, the first of three to prepare the orbiting laboratory for future commercial space taxis and to tackle maintenance chores, Nasa TV showed. US station commander Shane Kimbrough, 49, and French flight engineer Thomas Pesquet, 39, floated outside the station’s airlock as the US$100 billion (RM443 billion) complex soared 250 miles (402 km) above Earth. Kimbrough, making his fifth spacewalk, first upgraded a computer relay box on the station’s central beam, then worked on a docking system for new spaceships in development by Boeing and Space Exploration Technologies, or SpaceX. The US National Aeronautics and Space Administration is making the retrofits in the hope that private companies will begin flying astronauts to the station by the end of 2018. This would break Russia’s monopoly on crew transportation, a service that costs Nasa more than US$80 million per person. The first of the space taxis is scheduled for an unmanned debut test flight later this year. During yesterday’s spacewalk, Kimbrough disconnected four cables on a docking tunnel to be used by the new commercial space taxis. Tomorrow, ground control teams will use the station’s robot arm to move it onto a different module. The astronauts also lubricated part of the station’s robot arm, replaced cameras on Japan’s experiment platform and tackled other maintenance tasks before heading back inside the station. A second spacewalk by Pesquet and Nasa astronaut Peggy Whitson is planned for Thursday to instal new cables to the relocated docking tunnel. Once all the work is finished, the US side of the station will have two docking ports for passenger spaceships and two for cargo ships. Russia, which jointly operates the station with Nasa, has five docking ports. Also participating in the station program with research modules and equipment are Europe, Japan and Canada. During yesterday’s spacewalk, Pesquet inspected hoses, attachments and other components of the station’s ammonia cooling system. Flight controllers are looking for the source of a small leak in the system. Pesquet, making his second spacewalk, did not see any leaking ammonia but engineers will review his video for closer scrutiny, said Nasa mission commentator Gary Jordan. Nasa is expected to schedule a third spacewalk once its next cargo ship arrives at the station with more items to install. Engineers are troubleshooting a problem with the cargo ship’s launch vehicle. — Reuters                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week The jihadi who turned to Jesus Shop, sup, and style up at Merchant & Sisters, KL’s first modern general store Disneyland Paris parade celebrates 25th anniversary (VIDEO) Indonesians’ taste for dog meat is growing, even as others shun it Street art revives divided Spanish village The jihadi who turned to Jesus Shop, sup, and style up at Merchant & Sisters, KL’s first modern general store Jesus’ tomb reopened after restoration works complete (VIDEO) ‘Contactless’ card payment fraud: Myth vs reality Learn to sew at The Craftsical Studio Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Related Articles Meet the PUFFER — Nasa’s origami-inspired robot (VIDEO) ‘Life’ movie finds alien terror within confines of space (VIDEO) Trump, Nasa and a rare consensus: The mission to Mars Missing Indian moon probe found — by Nasa radar (VIDEO) Lego to celebrate the women of Nasa Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Type to Search Flight Cars Culture Home How To Military Science Reviews Reviews Apps Gadgets Gear Tools Space Technology The Code Subscribe Subscribe Print Edition Digital Edition Give a Gift Podcasts Newsletter Popular Mechanics STEM Experience Follow Follow facebook twitter google+ pinterest youtube instagram Promotions Win Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter PopMech Follow Us On Pinterest Popular Mechanics Page-1 Cars How To Adventure Tech Flight Follow Subscribe Give A Gift Digital Edition Get Smart Learn to Code on the Cheap With This Complete Guide Spacewalking Astronauts Ready the ISS's New Docking Port NASA's Shane Kimbrough and France's Thomas Pesquet emerged early from the orbiting complex, then went their separate ways to accomplish as much as possible 250 miles up. NASA By Associated Press Mar 24, 2017 Astronauts ventured out on a spacewalk Friday to prep the International Space Station for a new parking spot. NASA's Shane Kimbrough and France's Thomas Pesquet emerged early from the orbiting complex, then went their separate ways to accomplish as much as possible 250 miles up. "We are ready to get to work," Mission Control informed them. Their main job involves disconnecting an old docking port. This port needs to be moved in order to make room for a docking device compatible with future commercial crew capsules, and provide more clearance. The new docking device — the second of two — will fly up late this year or early next and hook onto this port. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below If all goes well, flight controllers in Houston will relocate the old docking port Sunday, using the station's robotic arm. Then next Thursday, the crew will conduct another spacewalk to secure the unit. SpaceX and Boeing are developing capsules capable of flying astronauts to and from the space station. Until the SpaceX Crew Dragon and Boeing Starliner come on line — possibly next year — U.S. astronauts will have to keep riding Russian rockets to orbit. Most Popular Before working on the docking port, Kimbrough replaced a computer-relay box with an upgraded version. Pesquet, meanwhile, looked for signs of a small ammonia coolant leak in outdoor plumbing. He patted and tugged at hoses, but did not spot any frozen flakes of ammonia. A GoPro camera caught his every move for playback later. "No flakes. All good," Pesquet reported. Also on the spacewalkers' to-do list Friday: replace a pair of Japanese cameras and grease latching mechanisms on the end of the big robot arm. NASA wants to cram in two and possibly three spacewalks before Kimbrough, the station's commander, returns to Earth on April 10. Before a third spacewalk can be conducted, however, Orbital ATK needs to launch a cargo ship to the space station with replacement parts. That shipment was supposed to be there by now, but repeatedly has been delayed because of rocket concerns. It's unclear when the Atlas V rocket will be ready to soar from Cape Canaveral, Florida. NASA has been contracting out cargo deliveries since the end of the space shuttle program in 2011. The space agency is counting on private companies to do the same with astronauts. More from Popular Mechanics: More From Space GIF Deep Space Share How a Neutron Star Would Obliterate You Solar System Share How Scientists Simulated Jupiter's Wild Winds With a Giant Table and a Garbage Can Moon and Mars Share Mars May Have Had Rings, and They May Come Back GIF Moon and Mars Share Here's What a Flyby of Mars Might Look Like Space Share SpaceX ISS Capsule Parachutes Back to Earth Solar System Share Jupiter Is a Jerk Space Share New NASA Budget Cuts Earth Science and Education, Boosts Space Exploration and Human Flight Space Share Saturn's Moon Titan Has Islands of Giant Bubbles GIF Moon and Mars Share NASA's Adorable Origami Bot Could Explore the Caves of Mars and Beyond Rockets Share Canada Is Finally Getting Its Own Spaceport Space Get Ready for Phones With That Sweet New USB Type-C Port The Atlantis Astronauts Are Ready to Go Natural Gas–Burning Megaships Soon to Leave Port Apple Will Reportedly Make a Cheap MacBook Air With Just One Port The Apple Watch's Hidden Port Could Be Its Best Feature Remote Alaska Port Clinic Goes Modern With Satellite Enabled Telemedicine More From Space PM_Logo Created with Sketch. Newsletter Digital Editions About Us Media Kit Press Room Contact Us Community Guidelines Advertise Online About Our Ads Customer Service Subscribe Other Hearst Subscriptions Give a Gift Events & Promotions Giveaways Being Green Why Did I Get This Ad? BestProducts A Part of Hearst Digital Media ©2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Site Map
    E-Edition Stepsaver/Observers Citizens News Photo Reprints Contests Employment Dining About Us Advertising Newsroom History Forms Employment Privacy Terms of Use Contact Us Subscriptions Letters to the Editor Editorial and Opinion News Article News Tip Sports Department Website Issues Subscribe Activate Access Home Delivery Subscription Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Top Stories Advanced Search Calendar Weather Webcam Photo Reprints Lottery Contests Traffic Email Updates News Elections Local Election National Election Candidate Profiles Business Connecticut Local Morning 5 National New England Offbeat Today in History World Records Courts Inspections Police Bus Routes Sports The Zone UConn College Local sports MLB NBA NFL NHL Pro Sports Entertainment Arts Best Bets Movies Music Nightlife People Theater TV Lifestyle Wheels Horoscope Family Food Health Outdoors Technology Travel Tide Charts Social Moments Announcements Anniversaries Births Engagements Marriages Obits Opinion Editorials Syndicated Columnists Commentary Letters Your Page Columns Active Outdoors Beer Snob CT-Music Living Here Matter Of Laugh And Death Nature Off Stage Ride CT Sunday Reflections Blogs Gardening Off The Record Throwback Thursday Time Out What’s for Dinner Marketplace Place Ad Jobs Open Houses Legal Ads Dining Guide Coupons Newspaper Ads Special Sections Classifieds Announcements Employment Merchandise Pets & Animals Real Estate for Rent Real Estate for Sale Transportation – Autos Rec Vehicles Services Investment Astronauts prep station for new parking space March 24, 2017 - National - no comments By MARCIA DUNN ap aerospace writer This still image taken from live video provided by NASA shows astronaut Shane Kimbrough, right, works on the International Space Station during a space walk on Friday, March 24, 2017. Kimbrough and France’s Thomas Pesquet emerged early from the orbiting complex, then went their separate ways to accomplish as much as possible 250 miles up. Their main job involves disconnecting an old docking port. This port needs to be moved in order to make room for a docking device compatible with future commercial crew capsules. (NASA via AP) CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. – Spacewalking astronauts prepped the International Space Station on Friday for a new parking spot reserved for commercial crew capsules. The 250-mile-high complex already has one docking port in place for the SpaceX Crew Dragon and Boeing Starliner, which should start carrying up astronauts as early as next year. Friday’s spacewalk set the stage for a second docking location. A new docking device will fly up late this year or early next. NASA astronaut Shane Kimbrough disconnected all four cables from an old docking port, using some extra force on one. He looped a spare tether around the balky cable and pulled, and off it came. “Nicely done, Shane,” Mission Control radioed. On Sunday, flight controllers in Houston will move the old port to provide better clearance for the future ships. Then on Thursday, the crew will conduct another spacewalk to secure the unit. Until the new crew capsules come on line, U.S. astronauts will keep riding Russian rockets to orbit. As Kimbrough worked on the docking port and replaced a computer-relay box, French astronaut Thomas Pesquet hunted for signs of an ammonia coolant leak in outdoor plumbing. The leak, while still small, has worsened recently, and NASA wants to pinpoint the location. “No leaks. No flakes whatsoever,” he reported. During their 6 ½-hour excursion, the spacewalkers also replaced a pair of Japanese cameras, greased latching mechanisms on the end of the big robot arm and even tackled some extra work. Their crewmates welcomed them back inside, wearing special black glasses and face masks, after Kimbrough reported there was a yellow chalk-like substance on one of his gloves. As an added precaution, both of his gloves were bagged before they came off. NASA wants to cram in two and possibly three spacewalks before Kimbrough, the station’s commander, returns to Earth on April 10. Before a third spacewalk, Orbital ATK needs to launch a cargo ship to the space station with replacement parts. That shipment was supposed to be there by now, but repeatedly has been delayed because of rocket concerns. It’s unclear when the Atlas V rocket will be ready at Cape Canaveral, Florida. NASA has been contracting out cargo deliveries since the end of the space shuttle program in 2011. The space agency is counting on private companies to do the same with astronauts. “It will be exciting to see a new way to bring crew members into orbit,” NASA astronaut Robert Behnken said from Mission Control. — Online: NASA: https://www.nasa.gov/mission-pages/station/main/index.html Share this: Email Print Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Pinterest Reddit More Skype LinkedIn Pocket Tumblr Telegram Related Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. More articles from National Shooting at Cincinnati nightclub kills 1, injures several March 26, 2017 - National, News - Tagged: Accidents, Cincinnati, New Year's, nightclub, shooting - no comments CINCINNATI (AP) — Gunfire erupted early Sunday inside a crowded nightclub with a history of violence, killing one person and wounding more than a dozen others, authorities said. No suspect is in custody, but there is no indication the shooting… Read Post → Belarus police arrest over 400 protesters March 25, 2017 - National - Tagged: Police, Taxes - no comments MINSK, Belarus – Police in Belarus cracked down hard Saturday on opposition protesters who tried to hold a forbidden demonstration in the capital – a human rights group said more than 400 people were arrested and many were beaten. The… Read Post → Failure on health bill also hurts prospects for tax overhaul March 25, 2017 - National - Tagged: Affordable Care Act, Democratic Party, Donald Trump, Republican Party, Taxes - 1 comment WASHINGTON – House Republicans’ failure to repeal Barack Obama’s health care law deals a serious blow to another big part of President Donald Trump’s agenda: tax reform. Trump and House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., say they will soon turn their… Read Post → Tens of thousands in London protest Britain’s EU departure March 25, 2017 - National - Tagged: Crime, European Union, Police - no comments LONDON – Tens of thousands protested Saturday under sunny skies in London against plans for Britain to withdraw from the European Union. The Unite for Europe march, which saw many people carrying bright blue EU flags, came just days before… Read Post → EU signs unity pledge on 60th anniversary March 25, 2017 - National - Tagged: European Union - no comments ROME – With Britain poised to start divorce proceedings, the 27 remaining European Union nations put pen to paper Saturday in Rome to renew their vows for continued unity in the face of crises that are increasingly testing the bonds… Read Post → London attacker had worked in Saudi Arabia teaching English March 25, 2017 - National - Tagged: Iraq, ISIS, Islam, Police, Social media - no comments LONDON – The British man who killed four people during a London rampage had made three trips to Saudi Arabia: He taught English there twice on a work visa and returned on a visa usually granted to those going on… Read Post → Mourners fill church for medic hit by ambulance March 25, 2017 - National - no comments NEW YORK – Emergency medic Yadira Arroyo was beloved – by her colleagues, by patients she transported to the hospital, by the store owner she spoke to on her way to work and by children who walked by her Bronx… Read Post → President Polk doesn’t rest in peace much again – stirs trouble March 25, 2017 - National - no comments NASHVILLE, Tenn. – President James K. Polk did big things for America, dramatically expanding its borders by annexing Texas and seizing California and the Southwest in a war with Mexico. Achieving undisturbed eternal rest has proved more difficult. In a… Read Post → Colorado weighs strategy for guarding against pot crackdown March 25, 2017 - National - Tagged: Donald Trump, Marijuana, Police, Social media, Taxes - no comments DENVER – Colorado is considering an unusual strategy to protect its nascent marijuana industry from a potential federal crackdown, even at the expense of hundreds of millions of dollars in tax collections. A bill pending in the Legislature would allow… Read Post → Vegas Strip reopens after gunman surrender, fatal shooting March 25, 2017 - National - Tagged: Casinos, Crime, Police, Terrorism - no comments Associated Press LAS VEGAS (AP) – People are returning to the heart of the Las Vegas Strip after a gunman shot people on a public bus and then barricaded himself inside, shutting down the busy tourism corridor for hours. The… Read Post → ‹ Older posts Newspaper Ads Latest News DeLauro calls on Congress to save heating aid for poor 3 mins ago Corruption protests sweep Russia; opposition leader arrested 27 mins ago UK: Attacker used WhatsApp, firm must help police get access 52 mins ago Shooting at Cincinnati nightclub kills 1, injures several 1 hour ago At wheels.rep-am.com 11 hours ago CategoriesCategories Select Category _Posts Announcements    Anniversaries    Births    Engagements    Marriages    Reunions Blogs    City Beat    Gardening    Off The Record    Pickin’ on Life    Throwback Thursday    What’s for Dinner Campership Cartoon Columns    Active Outdoors    Beer Snob    CT-Music    Living Here    Matter Of Laugh And Death    Nature    Off Stage    Ride CT    Sunday Reflections Community Entertainment    Arts    Best Bets    Movies    Music    Nightlife    People    Theater    TV Featured Gallery    Auto Racing Photo Gallery    College Sports    Graduations    Local Sports Photos    NASA Image of the day    News Gallery    Reader Photos    Social Moments    Top Sports Horoscope Lifestyle    Family    Food    Health    Home    Outdoors    Technology    Travel    wheels News    Bus Routes    Business    Connecticut    Elections       Candidate Profiles       Election Videos       Local Election       National Election          US Senate and House       State Elections    Local    Morning 5    National    New England    News Videos    Offbeat    Today in History    World Obituaries Opinion    Commentary    Editorials    Letters    Syndicated Columnists    Worth Reading    Your Page Records    Courts    Inspections    Police Special    Honor rolls Sports    Athlete of the Week    Auto Racing    College    Goalzone    Golf    High School       Gymnastics    Hoopzone    Latest on The Zone    Local Sports       Local Sports Videos    MLB    NBA    NFL    NHL    Olympics    Pro Sports    Redzone    Soccer    Sports featured    Sports Gallery    Sports Videos    Strikezone    Sunday Six    The Zone test    UConn       Football       Men’s Basketball       The coaches       The Streak       UConn video       UCWBB Best Ever       Women’s Basketball Top Stories Valedictorians    Valedictorians 2016 Videos Polls What's your favorite type of pizza? Neapolitan pizza Chicago-style pizza New York-style pizza Sicilian pizza New Haven-style pizza Roman-style pizza I don't like pizza View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive Reader Comments smd309 on Trump doesn’t seem to understand importance of truth scatman on Whether union or nonunion, workers deserve pensions bmwm5 on ‘Cable 5 News’ will end after 24 years yunga7 on ‘Cable 5 News’ will end after 24 years 1norton on Volunteer planners wanted Towns Barkhamsted Beacon Falls Bethlehem Bridgewater Burlington Canaan Cheshire Colebrook Cornwall Falls Village Goshen Harwinton Kent Litchfield Middlebury Morris Naugatuck New Hartford Norfolk Oxford Plymouth Prospect Roxbury Salisbury Seymour Sharon Southbury Thomaston Torrington Warren Waterbury Watertown Winsted Wolcott Woodbury Lottery Powerball for 03/25/2017 18-31-32-45-48 PB-16Next Drawing: Wed. Mar. 29Next Jackpot: $50.0 Million; Est. Cash Value: $30.3 Mega Millions for 03/24/2017 05-28-37-61-69 MB-01 MP-5Next Drawing: Tue. Mar. 28Next Jackpot: $162.0 Million; Est. Cash Value: $98.2 Lotto! for 03/24/2017 02-04-07-10-13-33Next Drawing: Tue. Mar. 28Next Jackpot: $1.4 Million; Est. Cash Value: $1,140,000 Lucky for Life for 03/23/2017 01-05-06-15-30 LB-01Next Drawing: Mon. Mar. 27 Cash5 for 03/25/2017 04-07-11-27-31 Upcoming Events Mar 24 Fri all-day Trip to Washington, D.C. @ Morris Town Hall. Trip to Washington, D.C. @ Morris Town Hall. Mar 24 – Mar 26 all-day Includes motor coach transportation, two nights accommodations, two breakfasts, two dinners, tour guide and all gratuities. Trip-goers will attend the Cherry Blossom Festival, and visit the Smithsonian Buildings, war memorials and national monuments. RSVP. Mar 26 Sun 12:00 pm Music & Justice Workshop with Em... @ Mattatuck Unitarian Universalist Society Music & Justice Workshop with Em... @ Mattatuck Unitarian Universalist Society Mar 26 @ 12:00 pm Emma’s Revolution (Pat Humphries and Sandy O.) are grassroots, activist musicians whose songs have been used as tools in movements for social justice around the world, keeping people inspired & energized in the work for a world we all want... 2:00 pm Jazz Concert @ First Congregational Church Jazz Concert @ First Congregational Church Mar 26 @ 2:00 pm Pierce Campbell Jazz Trio performing, the public welcomed, admission free. 2:00 pm Thomaston Fine Arts Connection C... @ First Congregational Church of Thomaston Thomaston Fine Arts Connection C... @ First Congregational Church of Thomaston Mar 26 @ 2:00 pm – 3:30 pm The Thomaston Fine Arts Connection organization will sponsor a concert Sunday, March 26, from 2 to 3:30 p.m. at the First Congregational Church, 135 Main St. Performing will be the Pierce Campbell Jazz Trio, with Loren Evarts on piano and... 3:00 pm Lecture, Series on 14th Amendment @ Litchfield Historical Society Museum Lecture, Series on 14th Amendment @ Litchfield Historical Society Museum Mar 26 @ 3:00 pm The Litchfield Historical Society will host a lecture and accompanying two-part book discussion on the 14th Amendment beginning Sunday, March 26, at 3 p.m. at the Litchfield History Museum, 7 South St. Stephen McGrath, adjunct professor of history at Central... View Calendar Add Add to Timely Calendar Add to Google Add to Outlook Add to Apple Calendar Add to other calendar Export to XML Featured Ads Accounting Manager ACCOUNTING MANAGER – Full Time We are a news publishing company with an excellent opportunity for an energetic, growth-oriented candidate to develop professional and management skills. We offer a friendly team environment with a mentoring approach to professional development. Position reports directly to the controller and supervises Accounts Payable, Payroll and Purchasing Clerk. Full general […] Inside Sales Labor, General Utility Worker, FT $10.10/hr. StepSaver newspaper in Southington seeks a reliable worker to operate and maintain equipment. Stack, move, label and assemble printed products. Operate pallet jack. Clean work areas. Must be able to lift, move 50 lbs. Generally Mon. - Fri., 8 AM to 4:30PM. Must stay until work is done for […] Comments Popular Today Week Month All Whether union or nonunion, workers deserve pensions 'Furlough days' for teachers are an injustice Trump, GOP leaders pull health care bill in humiliating loss Trump doesn't seem to understand importance of truth 'Cable 5 News' will end after 24 years Today Week Month All Pizza, Pizza Oxford school employees testify on football coach's behavior after brother's resignation Thomas F. Kelly Richard M. Bellemare John J. Dubray Featured Ads Featured Coupons Sign up for Email Updates Email Updates Top Stories Town News Lifestyle News Daily News Update Entertainment News The Zone Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Republican American 389 Meadow St Waterbury CT 06712 203 574-3636 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
close This ad will auto close in 10 seconds हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা தமிழ் हिन्दी हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা தமிழ் Live TV Live TV Toggle navigation INDIA City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Business Economy Markets Personal Finance Companies International Business Real Estate Market Stats Bullion Automobile SPORTS Football Tennis Badminton Other sports Cricket TECHNOLOGY Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Entertainment Bollywood Television Music Regional Movie Reviews Hollywood LIFESTYLE People Relationships Travel Food & Recipes Fashion Culture Horoscope Spirituality HEALTH Blogs Photo VIDEO News » Science & Environment » Space ﻿ Astronauts Shane Kimbrough,Thomas Pesquet complete spacewalk By Zee Media Bureau | Last Updated: Saturday, March 25, 2017 - 09:10 0 Shares Facebook Twitter Whatsapp  Comment Follow @ZeeNews New Delhi: Astronauts Shane Kimbrough and Thomas Pesquet have completed the 6.5 – hour spacewalk to prepare the orbiting laboratory for future commercial space taxis and to tackle maintenance chores. US station commander Kimbrough, 49, and French flight engineer Pesquet, 39, floated outside the station`s airlock as the $100 billion complex soared 250 miles (402 km) above Earth. Kimbrough, making his fifth spacewalk, first upgraded a computer relay box on the station`s central beam, then worked on a docking system for new spaceships in development by Boeing and Space Exploration Technologies, or SpaceX. The U.S. National Aeronautics and Space Administration is making the retrofits in the hope that private companies will begin flying astronauts to the station by the end of 2018. This would break Russia`s monopoly on crew transportation, a service that costs NASA more than $80 million per person. The first of the space taxis is scheduled for an unmanned debut test flight later this year. During Friday`s spacewalk, Kimbrough disconnected four cables on a docking tunnel to be used by the new commercial space taxis. On Sunday, ground control teams will use the station`s robot arm to move it onto a different module. The astronauts also lubricated part of the station`s robot arm, replaced cameras on Japan`s experiment platform and tackled other maintenance tasks before heading back inside the station. (With Reuters inputs) First Published: Saturday, March 25, 2017 - 09:10 More from zeenews   India AI air hostess defends Gaikwad, says Shiv Sena MP pulled up Sukumar for misdemeanour I was born in Karachi but was disciplined, educated by RSS, says BJP veteran LK Advani Islamabad wants good relations with New Delhi, stalling Indo-Pak dialogue only helps terrorists: Pakistan Envoy More from India World N. Korea warns US, S. Korea against targeting leadership France's Le Pen says euro exit 'wouldn't be a chaos' Iran sanctions 15 US firms, citing human rights abuses and Israel ties More from World Sports VIDEO: Did Josh Hazlewood give Murali Vijay a send-off in Dharamsala? You be the judge... Digvijaya Singh suggests IPL to drop cheerleaders, play tunes in praise of Lord Rama Unbelievable: Mohammad Kaif predicted dream debut for Kuldeep Yadav on the eve of Dharamsala Test More from Sports Entertainment Baahubali 2: New poster featuring angry Prabhas unveiled! - See pic Sunil Grover, Ali Asgar to compete with Kapil Sharma by teaming up for new show? Kapil Sharma’s rumoured former girlfriend deactivates Twitter account? More from Entertaiment Health Pregnant women, take tips! Here's how to avoid child disabilities during gestation New hope for autistic kids with fecal transplant This new gene offers hope for Alzheimer's disease More from Health Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Most Read Most Viewed Watch: Yogi Adityanath's first speech as Uttar Pradesh CM in Gorakhpur What Hindu saints think about Ram Mandir issue? Yogi Adityanath to visit Gorakhpur for first time today after becoming UP CM DNA: Analysing the 'no first use' nuclear policy of India Amit Shah addresses BJP's mega convention in Delhi Is this for real: Ajinkya Rahane bizarre shot went for six, concerned Virat Kohli settles with smile — WATCH WATCH: Skipper Virat Kohli carries drinks for Team India WATCH: Tom Latham takes IMPOSSIBLE catch to dismiss Faf du Plessis Mohanlal's 'Manyam Puli' has a BREATHTAKING scene where TIGER attacks a boy! WATCH 'Pulimurugan' clip Kapil Sharma-Sunil Grover fight: Will it be a shutdown for 'The Kapil Sharma Show'? Related News ISS upgrade: Astronauts Shane Kimbrough and Thomas Pesquet begins spacewalk — Watch Expedition 50 astronauts take spacewalk outside space station – Watch Live TAGS spacewalk Space news Astronauts Shane Kimbrough Thomas Pesquet Photos Stunning Instagram Photos of Celebrities BEST PICS OF THE DAY - 26 March 2017 Foods You Should Eat Every Day Top Videos PM Narendra Modi's 30th edition of 'Mann Ki Baat' Yogi Adityanath's speech on his first visit to Gorakhpur after becoming UP CM Blast in military base of Ukraine leaves one woman dead BJP MLA Vikram Saini accused of voicing controversial statement More from other Sections FIFA expresses satisfaction over Guwahati stadium for U-17 World Cup Australian Grand Prix: Force India open season with double points finish Pranavananda Swami files complaint against Kamal Hassan over remarks on Mahabharata Jennifer Lopez goes on romantic date with Alex Rodriguez Highly religious people, atheists are least fearful of death, say scientists! Speaking about depression will help you on your way to recovery, says PM Narendra Modi contact Privacy Policy Legal Disclaimer complaint Our Team investor info Careers WHERE TO WATCH Partner Site: DAILY NEWS AND ANALYSIS news India States World Technology Science & Environment Health Photo entertainment Bollywood television Music Regional Movie Reviews Hollywood lifestyle People Relationships Travel Food & Recipes Fashion Culture Horoscope Spirituality sports Cricket Badminton Football Tennis Other Sports business Automobile Economy Markets Personal Finance Market Stats Companies Real Estate Bullion International Business India City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Technology Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Hindi Home देश प्रदेश दुनिया खेल-खिलाड़ी कारोबार ज्ञान-विज्ञान मनोरंजन ज़ी स्पेशल सेहत तस्वीरें वीडियो भविष्यफल Marathi Home मुंबई महाराष्ट्र भारत विश्व स्पोर्ट्स बार कल्लाबाजी हेल्थ मंत्रा ब्लॉगर्स पार्क युथ क्लब Exclusive फोटो व्हिडिओ भविष्य Bengali Home Kolkata State Nation World Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Health Photos Videos Slideshows Weather Inverstors Home About ZMCL Listing Document Shareholding Pattern Presentations & Releases Board of Directors Financials-Annual Financials-Quarterly Q&A Transcripts Code of Conduct Notices © 1998-2017 Zee Media Corporation Ltd (An Essel Group Company), All rights reserved.
Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Trib Total Media Contact Us ShareThis Page Home Local Local Front - - - - - Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Regional - - - - - Carnegie/Bridgeville Fox Chapel Hampton/Shaler Monroeville Murrysville North Hills Norwin Penn Hills Penn-Trafford Plum/Oakmont Sewickley South Hills Sports Sports Front - - - - - Steelers / NFL Penguins / NHL Pirates / MLB - - - - - High Schools - - - - - Kevin Gorman - - - - - Pitt Penn State WVU Duquesne Robert Morris District Colleges - - - - - Golf Outdoors Local U.S./World Sports SportsTalk SportsBlogs Riverhounds News News Front - - - - - Pennsylvania Business Investigative U.S./World Health Now Education Politics Our Stories Blogs Videos Opinion Opinion Front - - - - - Columnists Editorials Cartoons Letters Send a Letter A&E A&E Front - - - - - Theater & Arts Movies/TV Music Books More A&E Museums Player's Advantage Crosswords Sudoku Lottery Lifestyles Lifestyles Front - - - - - Doug Oster Food & Drink Fanfare Out & About Home & Garden Health & Fitness More Lifestyles Fashion History Travel Video - - - - - Trib Videos Featured Videos Obituaries Obituaries Front - - - - - Pittsburgh Tribune Review Tribune Review Valley News Dispatch Penn Hills Progress Monroeville Times Express Advance Leader Penn-Trafford Star Norwin Star McKnight North Journal Bridgeville Area News Sewickley Herald Murrysville Star South Hills Record The Herald Hampton Journal Shaler Journal Pine Creek Journal Triblive Online Only Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests - - - - - Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds - - - - - Trib Total Media Contact Us Feedback Blogs Email Newsletters eTrib Digital Replica Our Publications eFeatures Buy Trib Photos Where to Buy the Paper Business Headlines Stocks wobble, finish mixed as GOP pulls plug on health bill The Associated Press | Friday, March 24, 2017, 11:00 p.m. Tax reform proposals After the close of trading Friday, House Speaker Paul Ryan said Republicans will proceed with tax reform proposals, but acknowledged the health care debacle will make that task more difficult. Email Newsletters Sign up for one of our email newsletters. NEW YORK — U.S. stocks flirted with sharp losses but managed a mixed finish after Republicans canceled a vote on their health care bill because it became clear the bill would fail. Investors didn't trade much as they waited for answers about the state of President Donald Trump's business-friendly agenda. For the second day in a row, stocks started higher and wilted as it became clear the health care bill was in trouble. The Dow Jones industrial average plunged as much as 126 points in afternoon trading on reports of the bill's impending failure, although Wall Street cut its losses after the vote was canceled. Consumer-focused companies like Nike, Starbucks and clothing company PVH rose. The health care act became something of a proxy for the rest of the Trump agenda and it dominated the market for most of this week. It was the week run for stocks since the week before the presidential election. Banks and small-company stocks, which made huge gains after Trump was elected, both suffered their biggest losses in more than a year. President Trump and other Republican leaders said they were moving on from health care, and Michael Scanlon, a portfolio manager for Manulife Asset Management, said investors will be glad if that happens. “You're going to see a very quick pivot to corporate tax reform,” he said. A corporate tax cut could give stocks a large boost by increasing profits, and it might also raise tax revenue. After the close of trading, House Speaker Paul Ryan said Republicans will proceed with tax reform proposals, but acknowledged the health care debacle will make that task more difficult. The Standard & Poor's 500 index finished down 1.98 points, or 0.1 percent, at 2,343.98. The Dow lost 59.86 points, or 0.3 percent, to 20,596.72 as Goldman Sachs and Boeing sank. Technology companies inched higher and the Nasdaq composite rose 11.04 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,828.74. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks added 1.22 points, or 0.1 percent, to 1,354.64. Trading was relatively quiet, which may have contributed to the big fluctuations. Hospitals and insurers that do a lot of business with Medicaid celebrated the demise of the bill. HCA Holdings, the largest U.S. hospital company, climbed $2.87, or 3.5 percent, to $86.04 and Community Health Systems jumped 84 cents, or 9.7 percent, to $9.54. Among Medicaid-focused companies, Centene and Molina Healthcare each gained about 5 percent. The American Health Care Act would likely have left more Americans uninsured and would make big changes to Medicaid, a joint federal-state health program for low-income Americans. Those stocks fell when it was introduced because investors were concerned hospitals would have to take in more patients who lack insurance and that insurers would get less money from Medicaid. With the 2010 Affordable Care Act alive for another day, insurance companies slumped. Cigna fell $3.36, or 2.3 percent, to $142.82 and Anthem shed $2.63, or 1.6 percent, to $126.77. With Trump and majority Republicans unable to pass the first big item on their agenda, there were some signs of concern that his proposals of tax cuts, infrastructure spending, and regulatory cuts will take longer. Those are aspects of Trump's proposed agenda Wall Street is excited about. Vulcan Materials, a construction materials maker, sank $2.65, or 2.3 percent, to $112.74. Steel maker Nucor declined $1.50, or 2.4 percent, to $59.76. Construction and machinery companies also stumbled. Engine maker Cummins shed $1.45, or 1 percent, to $150.77 and Boeing sank $1.44 to $175.82. Scanlon, of Manulife, said investors want Trump and Congress to come up with a real proposal that changes corporate taxes. “Something needs to be done with a permanent solution, not just one of these holiday things,” he said, because “the goal is to be a stimulus for domestic investment.” Bond prices rose slightly. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.41 percent from 2.42 percent. U.S. crude oil futures rose 27 cents to $47.97 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, added 24 cents to $50.80 a barrel in London. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline gained 2 cents to $1.60 a gallon. Heating oil rose 1 cent to $1.50 a gallon. Natural gas added 3 cents to $3.08 per 1,000 cubic feet. The dollar inched down to 110.80 yen from 111.07 yen. The euro edged up to $1.0808 from $1.0786. Gold rose $1.30 to $1,248.50 an ounce. Silver jumped 16 cents to $17.75 an ounce. Copper lost 1 cent to $2.63 a pound. In Germany, the DAX added 0.2 percent and the French CAC 40 dropped 0.2 percent and Britain's FTSE 100 index dipped 0.1 percent. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index rose 0.9 percent following recent losses. The Kospi of South Korea shed 0.2 percent while Hong Kong's Hang Seng reversed earlier losses to finish 0.1 percent higher. More Business Trump's Treasury secretary: Job loss to robots 'not even on our radar' Oil giants upending American shale turf Changing consumer habits shorten fashion brands' life cycle Report says 38 percent of American jobs at risk of automation by 2030s For some airline passengers, electronics restrictions pose big challenge TribLIVE commenting policy You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our Terms of Service. We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information. While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers. We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments either by the same reader or different readers We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites. We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation. We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly. We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article. Trending Fiery Kuhl ready to become mainstay in Pirates rotation As Pennsylvania's recycling mandate nears expiration, state eyes overhaul New Pitt athletic director Lyke ready to lead with passion, integrity Twitter Feed A Twitter List by TribLIVE staff Week in Pictures Health care town hall, Robot surgery and flag etiquette (March 13-19) Images from across the region by Tribune-Review photographers. Subscribe Place an Ad Feedback Contact Us Blogs | Mobile App | Email Newsletters | eTrib Digital Replica | Our Publications | eFeatures | Buy Trib Photos | Where to Buy the Paper | Circulars Images and text copyright © 2017 Trib Total Media, LLC | Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent. | Terms of Service
Sunday, March 26, 2017 JobsDatingBuy photosLocal BusinessesStar ShopClassifiedsBook An AdDigital Editions Home News Sport Entertainment What's On Business Education Farming Motors Property Family Announcements Notices Directory Business Shropshire Business Ladder for Shropshire Perks: Rewarding your loyal customers City News Money Careers Business Supplement The Farmer Advertise Local Businesses PUBLISHED: March 24, 2017 21:30 Stocks manage mixed finish after Republicans cancel vote on health care bill US stocks flirted with sharp losses but managed a mixed finish after Republicans cancelled a vote on their health care bill because it became clear the bill would fail. The Standard & Poor's 500 index finished down 1.98 points, or 0.1%, at 2,343.98 (Richard Drew/AP) Investors did not trade much as they waited for answers about the state of President Donald Trump's business-friendly agenda. For the second day in a row, stocks started higher and wilted as it became clear the health care bill was in trouble. The Dow Jones industrial average plunged as much as 126 points in afternoon trading on reports of the bill's impending failure, although Wall Street cut its losses after the vote was cancelled. Consumer-focused companies like Nike, Starbucks and clothing company PVH rose. The health care act became something of a proxy for the rest of the Trump agenda and it dominated the market for most of this week. Banks and small-company stocks, which made huge gains after Trump was elected, both suffered their biggest losses in more than a year. The Standard & Poor's 500 index finished down 1.98 points, or 0.1%, at 2,343.98. The Dow lost 59.86 points, or 0.3%, to 20,596.72 as Goldman Sachs and Boeing sank. Technology companies inched higher and the Nasdaq composite rose 11.04 points, or 0.2%, to 5,828.74. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks added 1.22 points, or 0.1%, to 1,354.64. Trading was relatively quiet, which may have contributed to the big fluctuations. Hospitals and insurers that do a lot of business with Medicaid celebrated the demise of the bill. HCA Holdings, the largest US hospital company, climbed 2.87 dollars, or 3.5%, to 86.04 dollars and Community Health Systems jumped 84 cents, or 9.7%, to 9.54 dollars. Among Medicaid-focused companies, Centene and Molina Healthcare each gained about 5%. The American Health Care Act would probably have left more Americans uninsured and would make big changes to Medicaid, a joint federal-state health programme for low-income Americans. Those stocks fell when it was introduced because investors were concerned hospitals would have to take in more patients who lack insurance and that insurers would get less money from Medicaid. With the 2010 Affordable Care Act alive for another day, insurance companies slumped. Cigna fell 3.36 dollars, or 2.3%, to 142.82 dollars and Anthem shed 2.63 dollars, or 1.6%, to 126.77 dollars. With Trump and majority Republicans unable to pass the first big item on their agenda, there were some signs of concern that his proposals of tax cuts, infrastructure spending, and regulatory cuts will take longer. Those are aspects of Trump's proposed agenda Wall Street is excited about. Vulcan Materials, a construction materials maker, sank 2.65 dollars, or 2.3%, to 112.74 dollars. Steel maker Nucor declined 1.50 dollars, or 2.4%, to 59.76 dollars. Construction and machinery companies also stumbled. Engine maker Cummins shed 1.45 dollars, or 1%, to 150.77 dollars and Boeing sank 1.44 dollars to 175.82 dollars. Bond prices rose slightly. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.41 % from 2.42 % . AP Commercial Links Jobs Dating Buy photos Local Businesses Star Reader Travel Star Shop Classifieds Book An Ad Digital Editions Useful links About us Contact Us Manage your Subscription Online Live road traffic updates Terms of website use Send us your news Deliver the Shropshire Star Live rail updates Cookies and privacy policy Making a complaint Shropshire Star archive Featured articles
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices CEO whose firm refused to hire Muslims pays $485,000 settlement USA TODAY Elizabeth Weise 1 day ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Cadbury says chocolate could get smaller after Brexit Senate votes to kill privacy rules guarding your online info © Provided by USA Today SAN FRANCISCO — A Washington state aerospace company whose CEO refused to hire Muslims, replied to jokes about killing them with smiley faces and who told employees they must have babies to keep American from being “backfilled with rubbish from the desperate and criminal populations of the third world” agreed Thursday to pay a civil rights settlement of $485,000, according to state attorney general Bob Ferguson. The settlement with Electroimpact over its “outrageous” conduct is the largest ever in Washington state history, Ferguson said. Quotes in the article Boeing Co BA ▼ 175.82 -1.44 -0.81% The small aerospace automation company is based in Mukilteo, a town just north of Seattle and close to Boeing’s large Everett, Wash., plant. According to its website, the company was designed by its founder, Peter Zieve, as “a haven for engineers.” According to the complaint, Zieve asked for a photo of all job applications and then screened out anyone who said they were Muslim or who he believed to be Muslim based on their name, photograph or national origin, A full 94.5% of the company’s 474 engineers were white, according to a June 30, 2016, report to the U.S. Department of Labor. Company chief of staff Ben Hempstead said the issues were “old news from last year” and have already been dealt with internally. Zieve’s personal opinions are not related to the company mission, but employees and customers “value his technical insight and product leadership and will continue to benefit from his long-term view,” Hempstead said. The complaint quoted a "jokes" email list run by Electroimpact that featured many anti-Muslim statements. One example was, “How do you save half the Muslims? Kill the other half.” On May 6, 2015, Zieve emailed an employee a smiley face emoji after the employee sent out an email that read, “The winning drawing at the ‘Draw Mohammad’ art contest in Garland, Texas” and attached an image of a chalk outline of a dead body. He also encouraged employees to get involved with a group that was trying to stop construction of a mosque in Mukilteo. According to the complaint, some were asked to watch a video titled "How to stop mosques." The issue was first brought to public attention by an article in the Seattle Times in 2016.  Zieve also pushed employees to marry and have children because as he said in an email to staff, “if we don’t make more babies the light will (go) out on civilization.” Until July 2016, employees who married got a $1,000 bonus. In 2015, he told employees he would also bring a $1,000 check to any wedding he attended, in addition to the bonus. Children fulfilled God’s mandate to be “fruitful and multiply,” an article he linked to said. In an email from Feb. 6, 2015, Zieve wrote that, “When [our sons and daughters] choose to not repopulate and allow our wonderful country to be back-filled with rubbish from the desperate and criminal populations of the third world[,] I find that to be disgusting and I find those persons to make these decisions to be repulsive and I don’t like them around me.” An employee objected to an anti-Muslim statement on the email list was told to leave the company. When another suggested that “world cultures are too complicated to discuss in a jokes email list,” Zieve replied that the employee was out of line. Not everyone at the company perceived the atmosphere as hostile. Lucas Sallee, a mechanical engineer, has worked there since 2005. He was in the process of converting to Islam at the time of his hire and his wife was a Muslim refugee from southeast Asia, he said. “I’ve never had any problem here, that stuff about the political emails and the wedding bonus was all overblown,” he said. Some of the jokes on the Jokes email list “was pretty ugly stuff but most of it was kind of par for the course in America,” he said. As an engineer, the company is a dream workplace where employees are empowered to “an incredible degree,” he said. “It’s a great place to work.” In the consent decree, Electroimpact agreed that Zieve will no longer take part in hiring for non-management positions, won’t base compensation on mairital status and that someone other than Zieve will take employee complains. The employee handbook will also be changed to make clear that Electroimpact doesn’t allow harassment based on race, religion and national origin among others. On his LinkedIn page, Zieve stated, “My company was founded in July, 1986 by me. I have allot (sic) of fun working there so I'm not leaving without a fight.” Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From USA TODAY Oregon powers past Kansas to reach Final Four USA TODAY The bipartisan path forward on health care: Andy Slavitt USA TODAY Gonzaga's Mark Few reaches Final Four at last USA TODAY USA TODAY View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Please Update your browser Your browser is out of date, and may not be compatible with our website. A list of the most popular web browsers can be found below. Just click on the icons to get to the download page. LOGIN press enter to search Video 26°C DKI Jakarta, Indonesia 26°C Light Rain Rain until tomorrow morning, starting again tomorrow afternoon. Thu 26℃ - 31℃ Fri 26℃ - 32℃ Sat 27℃ - 32℃ Sun 26℃ - 30℃ Home NEWS PULSE MULTIMEDIA MOST VIEWED MOST SHARED news Index politics world national city Business SE ASIA COMMUNITY Index Youth OPINION Index ACADEMIA INTERVIEW JPLUS TRAVEL Index News Destinations VIDEO Index VIDEO PHOTO LONGFORM PAPER EDITION Index TODAY'S PAPER JPLUS BALI BUZZ JOBS politics world national city News Business Stocks wobble, finish mixed as GOP pulls plug on health bill Marley Jay Associated Press New York | Sat, March 25, 2017 | 08:00 am In this Jan. 12, 2017, photo, traders work on the Mizuho Americas trading floor in New York. Stocks are opening higher on Wall Street, on March 24, led by gains in technology companies and banks. (AP/Mark Lennihan) Topics Republican healthcare-policy health-care-overhaul health DonaldTrump Donald-Trump GOP Share this article  share on facebook  share on twitter  share on google plus  share on Linkedin  share on whatsapp  comment  share on email share this article follow Us    US stocks flirted with sharp losses but managed a mixed finish after Republicans canceled a vote on their health care bill because it became clear the bill would fail. Hospital stocks soared in response, while companies that stand to benefit from other Trump proposals faltered. For the second day in a row, stocks started higher and wilted as it became clear the health care bill was in trouble. The Dow Jones industrial average plunged as much as 126 points in afternoon trading on reports of the bill's impending failure, although Wall Street cut its losses after the vote was canceled. Consumer-focused companies like Nike, Starbucks and clothing company PVH rose. The health care act became something of a proxy for the rest of the Trump agenda and it dominated the market for most of this week. It was the worst week for stocks since the week before the presidential election. Banks and small-company stocks, which made huge gains after Trump was elected, both suffered their biggest losses in more than a year. President Trump and other Republican leaders said they were moving on from health care, and Michael Scanlon, a portfolio manager for Manulife Asset Management, said investors will be glad if that happens. "You're going to see a very quick pivot to corporate tax reform," he said. A corporate tax cut could give stocks a large boost by increasing profits, and it might also raise tax revenue. After the close of trading, House Speaker Paul Ryan said Republicans will proceed with tax reform proposals, but acknowledged the health care debacle will make that task more difficult. The Standard & Poor's 500 index finished down 1.98 points, or 0.1 percent, at 2,343.98. The Dow lost 59.86 points, or 0.3 percent, to 20,596.72 as Goldman Sachs and Boeing sank. Technology companies inched higher and the Nasdaq composite rose 11.04 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,828.74. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks added 1.22 points, or 0.1 percent, to 1,354.64. Trading was relatively light as investors waited for answers about the state of President Donald Trump's business-friendly agenda. That may have contributed to the big fluctuations. Hospitals and insurers that do a lot of business with Medicaid celebrated the demise of the bill. HCA Holdings, the largest US hospital company, climbed $2.87, or 3.5 percent, to $86.04 and Community Health Systems jumped 84 cents, or 9.7 percent, to $9.54. Among Medicaid-focused companies, Centene and Molina Healthcare each gained about 5 percent. The American Health Care Act would likely have left more Americans uninsured and would make big changes to Medicaid, a joint federal-state health program for low-income Americans. Those stocks fell when the bill was introduced because investors were concerned hospitals would have to take in more patients who lack insurance and that insurers would get less money from Medicaid. Insurance companies slumped. Cigna fell $3.36, or 2.3 percent, to $142.82 and Anthem shed $2.63, or 1.6 percent, to $126.77. With Trump and majority Republicans unable to pass the first big item on their agenda, there were some signs of concern that his proposals of tax cuts, infrastructure spending, and regulatory cuts will take longer. Those are aspects of Trump's proposed agenda Wall Street is excited about. Vulcan Materials, a construction materials maker, sank $2.65, or 2.3 percent, to $112.74. Steel maker Nucor declined $1.50, or 2.4 percent, to $59.76. Construction and machinery companies also stumbled. Engine maker Cummins shed $1.45, or 1 percent, to $150.77 and Boeing sank $1.44 to $175.82. Scanlon, of Manulife, said investors want Trump and Congress to come up with a real proposal that changes corporate taxes. "Something needs to be done with a permanent solution, not just one of these holiday things," he said, because "the goal is to be a stimulus for domestic investment." Bond prices rose slightly. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.41 percent from 2.42 percent. US crude oil futures rose 27 cents to $47.97 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, added 24 cents to $50.80 a barrel in London. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline gained 2 cents to $1.60 a gallon. Heating oil rose 1 cent to $1.50 a gallon. Natural gas added 3 cents to $3.08 per 1,000 cubic feet. The dollar inched down to 110.80 yen from 111.07 yen. The euro edged up to $1.0808 from $1.0786. Gold rose $1.30 to $1,248.50 an ounce. Silver jumped 16 cents to $17.75 an ounce. Copper lost 1 cent to $2.63 a pound. In Germany, the DAX added 0.2 percent and the French CAC 40 dropped 0.2 percent and Britain's FTSE 100 index dipped 0.1 percent. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index rose 0.9 percent following recent losses. The Kospi of South Korea shed 0.2 percent while Hong Kong's Hang Seng reversed earlier losses to finish 0.1 percent higher. ___ AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/journalist/marley-jay (**) Related News White House, in gamble, demands make-or-break health vote Residents in eastern Depok to have new hospital Trump's young presidency perilously adrift You might also like : AccorHotels to operate 200 hotels in Indonesia by 2020 Hate speech clouds Indonesia's internet in 2016: Police Bandung wants more than ceremonial switch-off More Cipinang inmates transferred to Nusakambangan most viewed most shared Indonesian education index lower than Philippines, Ethiopia KPK found $200,000 during Andi Narogong’s arrest Candidates rachet up tensions US military aircraft waiting for repair team: Commander Densus 88 searches house of suspected terrorist in Ciputat Barus now symbol of ‘Islam Nusantara’ Bali to join Earth Hour Papuan separatists end resistance, pledge allegiance to NKRI Residents in eastern Depok to have new hospital Papua to get 5 percent, Luhut says on Freeport divestment follow us       NEWS     JOBS   TRAVEL   LIFE   More Stories SE Asia Accused killer of Cambodian political pundit found guilty Academia Hendri Yulius Writer of Coming Out and a lecturer of gender and sexuality studies The trouble with pedophiles in Indonesia Life C3 AFA 2017 to be held in Jakarta in August Travel Indonesia ranks 7th in travel freedom among Southeast Asian countries TRY A DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTION Subscribe to our Newspaper Join the discussions Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. NEWS BUSINESS POLITICS WORLD NATIONAL CITY PAPER EDITION TODAY'S PAPER ACADEMIA INTERVIEW OPINION TRAVEL NEWS DESTINATIONS MULTIMEDIA VIDEO PHOTO LONGFORM LIFE LIFESTYLE ENTERTAINMENT ART & CULTURE TECHNOLOGY PEOPLE HEALTH PARENTS BOOKS SOUTHEAST ASIA JOBS COMMUNITY YOUTH News     TRAVEL   Jobs   Our partners kompas.com tribunnews.com kontan.co.id Asia News Network Catch Asia! Media Network About Cyber Media Guidelines Contact Advertise Paper Subscription © 2017 PT. Niskala Media Tenggara
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Blade Vault, Reprints Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education Weekly Ads Sunday, Mar 26, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Stock Market Stocks recover, end mixed after health bill pulled Market closed out worst week since election today ASSOCIATED PRESS Published on March 24, 2017 | Updated 5:11 p. m. Trader Daniel Leporin, foreground, works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. ASSOCIATED PRESS THE BLADE Buy This Image Ttraders work on the Mizuho Americas trading floor in New York. Stocks opened higher on Wall Street on Friday. ASSOCIATED PRESS Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print THE BLADE Enlarge | Buy This Image NEW YORK — U.S. stocks flirted with sharp losses but managed a mixed finish after Republicans canceled a vote on their health care bill because it became clear the bill would fail. Investors didn’t trade much as they waited for answers about the state of President Trump’s business-friendly agenda. For the second day in a row, stocks started higher and wilted as it became clear the health care bill was in trouble. The Dow Jones industrial average plunged as much as 126 points in afternoon trading on reports of the bill’s impending failure, although Wall Street cut its losses after the vote was canceled. Consumer-focused companies like Nike, Starbucks and clothing company PVH rose. RELATED: Searchable stock index The health care act became something of a proxy for the rest of the Trump agenda and it dominated the market for most of this week. It was the week run for stocks since the week before the presidential election. Banks and small-company stocks, which made huge gains after Trump was elected, both suffered their biggest losses in more than a year. President Trump and other Republican leaders said they were moving on from health care, and Michael Scanlon, a portfolio manager for Manulife Asset Management, said investors will be glad if that happens. “You’re going to see a very quick pivot to corporate tax reform,” he said. A corporate tax cut could give stocks a large boost by increasing profits, and it might also raise tax revenue. After the close of trading, House Speaker Paul Ryan said Republicans will proceed with tax reform proposals, but acknowledged the health care debacle will make that task more difficult. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index finished down 1.98 points, or 0.1 percent, at 2,343.98. The Dow lost 59.86 points, or 0.3 percent, to 20,596.72 as Goldman Sachs and Boeing sank. Technology companies inched higher and the Nasdaq composite rose 11.04 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,828.74. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks added 1.22 points, or 0.1 percent, to 1,354.64. Trading was relatively quiet, which may have contributed to the big fluctuations. Hospitals and insurers that do a lot of business with Medicaid celebrated the demise of the bill. HCA Holdings, the largest U.S. hospital company, climbed $2.87, or 3.5 percent, to $86.04 and Community Health Systems jumped 84 cents, or 9.7 percent, to $9.54. Among Medicaid-focused companies, Centene and Molina Healthcare each gained about 5 percent. The American Health Care Act would likely have left more Americans uninsured and would make big changes to Medicaid, a joint federal-state health program for low-income Americans. Those stocks fell when it was introduced those stocks fell because investors were concerned hospitals would have to take in more patients who lack insurance and that insurers would get less money from Medicaid. With the 2010 Affordable Care Act alive for another day, insurance companies slumped. Cigna fell $3.36, or 2.3 percent, to $142.82 and Anthem shed $2.63, or 1.6 percent, to $126.77. With Trump and majority Republicans unable to pass the first big item on their agenda, there were some signs of concern that his proposals of tax cuts, infrastructure spending, and regulatory cuts will take longer. Those are aspects of Trump’s proposed agenda Wall Street is excited about. Vulcan Materials, a construction materials maker, sank $2.65, or 2.3 percent, to $112.74. Steel maker Nucor declined $1.50, or 2.4 percent, to $59.76. Construction and machinery companies also stumbled. Engine maker Cummins shed $1.45, or 1 percent, to $150.77 and Boeing sank $1.44 to $175.82. Scanlon, of Manulife, said investors want Trump and Congress to come up with a real proposal that changes corporate taxes. “Something needs to be done with a permanent solution, not just one of these holiday things,” he said, because “the goal is to be a stimulus for domestic investment.” Bond prices rose slightly. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.41 percent from 2.42 percent. U.S. crude oil futures rose 27 cents to $47.97 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, added 24 cents to $50.80 a barrel in London. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline gained 2 cents to $1.60 a gallon. Heating oil rose 1 cent to $1.50 a gallon. Natural gas added 3 cents to $3.08 per 1,000 cubic feet. The dollar inched down to 110.80 yen from 111.07 yen. The euro edged up to $1.0808 from $1.0786. Gold rose $1.30 to $1,248.50 an ounce. Silver jumped 16 cents to $17.75 an ounce. Copper lost 1 cent to $2.63 a pound. In Germany, the DAX added 0.2 percent and the French CAC 40 dropped 0.2 percent and Britain’s FTSE 100 index dipped 0.1 percent. Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 index rose 0.9 percent following recent losses. The Kospi of South Korea shed 0.2 percent while Hong Kong’s Hang Seng reversed earlier losses to finish 0.1 percent higher. Related Items Donald Trump , East Asia , Asia , united states , north america Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Medical Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Protecting children from online danger Weather Eye: Cold front moving in; unsettled weather forecast all week Two middle schoolers robbed Apartment complexes, projects begin to sprout Sign stolen from homeowner’s yard Sen. Rivers proposes more lanes on state Highway 14 Alishia Topper runs for re-election to city council Sheriff’s office seeks info on Five Corners robberies Morning Press: New Phoenix folds, Herrera Beutler says no to AHCA, rain problems WSDOT hosts meeting on debris slide Sen. Rivers proposes more lanes on state Highway 14 Sen. Ann Rivers, R-La Center, is pushing for money in the state’s transportation budget to add additional lanes on state… Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Plum’s career at UW among best High school scoreboard 3/26 Prep athletes earn stripes at Tiger Invite (photos) Blazers roll past Timberwolves, 112-100 Oregon beats Kansas to punch Final Four ticket Timbers fall 3-2 at Columbus on late goal Gonzaga reaches its first Final Four Oregon State women done in by Florida State defense Freshmen lead Oregon women to upset of Maryland Seager is a steady presence for Mariners Gonzaga reaches its first Final Four Nigel Williams-Goss scored 23 points while orchestrating Gonzaga’s efficient offense, and the Zags finally shook their overrated tag by routing… Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories Banks evolve with technology Consumer watchdog: Don’t trust list prices on Amazon Berko: Add Pfizer but hold on to GlaxoSmithKline Google affiliate offers tools to media, groups to safeguard elections Online shopping growing unevenly Business optimism returning to pre-recession levels Schultz’s Starbucks base pay will drop to $1 in April Uber-like bad behavior thrives in the absence of HR Growers spice up crop variety with saffron; hope for big profits Google to fix diversity problem with outpost for black colleges Google affiliate offers tools to media, groups to safeguard elections NEW YORK — An organization affiliated with Google is offering tools that news organizations and election-related sites can use to… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Silk dress once owned by one of fort’s founding mothers to be displayed New autistic muppet, Julia, moving on to ‘Sesame Street’ Practicing safe surfing can be simple ‘Get Out’ is having staying power Comic-Con nabs sports museum ‘CHiPs’ vs. ‘CHIPS’: TV fans poised to hate movie Saddle up with horse-themed trips Arizona dude ranch stands the test of time Cracks surface in right media Rupaul embraces love as new season kicks off Couve Clover Run opens Clark County’s busy running season Once you start running this Sunday, you never really need to stop. Just don different decorations for each upcoming outing… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Bottle Bill Worth a Shot Jayne: Not toeing the line not grounds for party banishment Ambrose: Gorsuch to the rescue Henry: Reasons to flee U.S. don’t outnumber sheep in New Zealand Will: Confidence of Republicans important, whether true or not Harrop: Trump voters must own fallout Letter: A choice we shouldn’t have to make Letter: Development should include food Letter: Oppose Kalama refinery Letter: GOP has nothing to brag about Editorial Cartoons March 26-April 1 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Affordable housing projects dot 1-mile stretch of Fourth Plain Everybody Has a Story: Surprise storm turns walk home into near-tragedy Furry Friends receives emergency medical grant Rotarians hold shoe drive for Roosevelt students Clark College journalists score awards at conference Neighbors honor retiring mail carrier Orchards teacher earns Educator of the Year You can help Grant flies in coconuts to help students study Mardi Gras Florist heads to D.C. to speak for flowers County still chipping at nuisance property in Orchards A years-long effort to bring the nuisance house across the street from Covington Middle School back into compliance is now… Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Stock gains fade as health care bill falters Hospital stocks make gains; banks face biggest losses in over a year Traders work on the Mizuho Americas trading floor Jan. 12 in New York. Stocks had a mixed finish Friday after Republicans scrapped a vote on their health care bill. (Mark Lennihan/Associated Press) By MARLEY JAY, Associated Press Published: March 24, 2017, 4:28 PM A   A NEW YORK — U.S. stocks flirted with sharp losses but managed a mixed finish after Republicans canceled a vote on their health care bill because it became clear the bill would fail. Hospital stocks soared in response, while companies that stand to benefit from other Trump proposals faltered. For the second day in a row, stocks started higher and wilted as it became clear the health care bill was in trouble. The Dow Jones industrial average plunged as much as 126 points in afternoon trading on reports of the bill’s impending failure, although Wall Street cut its losses after the vote was canceled. Consumer-focused companies like Nike, Starbucks and clothing company PVH rose. The health care act became something of a proxy for the rest of the Trump agenda and it dominated the market for most of this week. It was the worst week for stocks since the week before the presidential election. Banks and small-company stocks, which made huge gains after Trump was elected, both suffered their biggest losses in more than a year. President Trump and other Republican leaders said they were moving on from health care, and Michael Scanlon, a portfolio manager for Manulife Asset Management, said investors will be glad if that happens. “You’re going to see a very quick pivot to corporate tax reform,” he said. A corporate tax cut could give stocks a large boost by increasing profits, and it might also raise tax revenue. After the close of trading, House Speaker Paul Ryan said Republicans will proceed with tax reform proposals, but acknowledged the health care debacle will make that task more difficult. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index finished down 1.98 points, or 0.1 percent, at 2,343.98. The Dow lost 59.86 points, or 0.3 percent, to 20,596.72 as Goldman Sachs and Boeing sank. Technology companies inched higher and the Nasdaq composite rose 11.04 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,828.74. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks added 1.22 points, or 0.1 percent, to 1,354.64. Trading was relatively light as investors waited for answers about the state of President Donald Trump’s business-friendly agenda. That may have contributed to the big fluctuations. Hospitals and insurers that do a lot of business with Medicaid celebrated the demise of the bill. HCA Holdings, the largest U.S. hospital company, climbed $2.87, or 3.5 percent, to $86.04 and Community Health Systems jumped 84 cents, or 9.7 percent, to $9.54. Among Medicaid-focused companies, Centene and Molina Healthcare each gained about 5 percent. The American Health Care Act would likely have left more Americans uninsured and would make big changes to Medicaid, a joint federal-state health program for low-income Americans. Those stocks fell when the bill was introduced because investors were concerned hospitals would have to take in more patients who lack insurance and that insurers would get less money from Medicaid. Insurance companies slumped. Cigna fell $3.36, or 2.3 percent, to $142.82 and Anthem shed $2.63, or 1.6 percent, to $126.77. With Trump and majority Republicans unable to pass the first big item on their agenda, there were some signs of concern that his proposals of tax cuts, infrastructure spending, and regulatory cuts will take longer. Those are aspects of Trump’s proposed agenda Wall Street is excited about. Vulcan Materials, a construction materials maker, sank $2.65, or 2.3 percent, to $112.74. Steel maker Nucor declined $1.50, or 2.4 percent, to $59.76. Construction and machinery companies also stumbled. Engine maker Cummins shed $1.45, or 1 percent, to $150.77 and Boeing sank $1.44 to $175.82. Scanlon, of Manulife, said investors want Trump and Congress to come up with a real proposal that changes corporate taxes. “Something needs to be done with a permanent solution, not just one of these holiday things,” he said, because “the goal is to be a stimulus for domestic investment.” Bond prices rose slightly. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.41 percent from 2.42 percent. U.S. crude oil futures rose 27 cents to $47.97 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, added 24 cents to $50.80 a barrel in London. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline gained 2 cents to $1.60 a gallon. Heating oil rose 1 cent to $1.50 a gallon. Natural gas added 3 cents to $3.08 per 1,000 cubic feet. The dollar inched down to 110.80 yen from 111.07 yen. The euro edged up to $1.0808 from $1.0786. Gold rose $1.30 to $1,248.50 an ounce. Silver jumped 16 cents to $17.75 an ounce. Copper lost 1 cent to $2.63 a pound. Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 index rose 0.9 percent following recent losses. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Want more local business news? Sign up for our Business Newsletter. HERE Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home News Business Community Entertainment Faith Health Local Morning National Online Science State World Sports High School ISU Local Prep Stars National Sports Stars Opinion Letters to the editor Columns Editorials Send a letter to the editor Maxread Blogs Community Kay Merriam Police blotter Politics Features Webcam TV Listings Magazines Tales of the Dinner Belle Obituaries Place an Obituary Today's Obituaries Galleries Photos Videos Sites The Jhub Pocatello Parents ISU Voice Yesteryear Milestones Xtreme Idaho Business Journal Power County Journal Blackfoot Journal Pocatello Menus Ask A Pro The Doctor is in Events Twenty Under 40 Idaho For Pet's Sake ISJ Sports Stars Family Fun Day Idaho State Business and Achievement Awards Contests Classifieds Jobs Rental_map Yardsale_map Openhouses Place your own Ad Legal Notices Homes Business Directory Read the e-edition Sign up for Email Alerts Really Big Deals Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber Services Manage your Subscription Start a Subscription Make a Payment Enter a Vacation Stop Subscriptions Toggle navigation 42° Pocatello, ID (83204) Today Showers early, then cloudy in the afternoon. High 54F. Winds W at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 30%.. Tonight Clear skies. Low around 30F. Winds SW at 10 to 15 mph. Updated: March 25, 2017 @ 9:53 am Full Forecast Search News Business Community Entertainment Faith Health Local Morning National Online Science State World Sports High School ISU Local Prep Stars National Sports Stars Opinion Letters to the editor Columns Editorials Send a letter to the editor Maxread Blogs Community Kay Merriam Police blotter Politics Features Webcam TV Listings Magazines Tales of the Dinner Belle Obituaries Place an Obituary Today's Obituaries Galleries Photos Videos Sites The Jhub Pocatello Parents ISU Voice Yesteryear Milestones Xtreme Idaho Business Journal Power County Journal Blackfoot Journal Pocatello Menus Ask A Pro The Doctor is in Events Twenty Under 40 Idaho For Pet's Sake ISJ Sports Stars Family Fun Day Idaho State Business and Achievement Awards Contests Home News National Close HOGP This still image taken from live video provided by NASA shows astronaut Shane Kimbrough, right, works on the International Space Station during a space walk on Friday, March 24, 2017. Kimbrough and France's Thomas Pesquet emerged early from the orbiting complex, then went their separate ways to accomplish as much as possible 250 miles up. Their main job involves disconnecting an old docking port. This port needs to be moved in order to make room for a docking device compatible with future commercial crew capsules. (NASA via AP) AP Spacewalking astronauts prep station for new parking spot By MARCIA DUNN AP Aerospace Writer Mar 24, 2017 Updated 21 hrs ago (…) HOGP This still image taken from live video provided by NASA shows astronaut Shane Kimbrough, right, works on the International Space Station during a space walk on Friday, March 24, 2017. Kimbrough and France's Thomas Pesquet emerged early from the orbiting complex, then went their separate ways to accomplish as much as possible 250 miles up. Their main job involves disconnecting an old docking port. This port needs to be moved in order to make room for a docking device compatible with future commercial crew capsules. (NASA via AP) CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) — Spacewalking astronauts prepped the International Space Station on Friday for a new parking spot reserved for commercial crew capsules. The 250-mile-high complex already has one docking port in place for the SpaceX Crew Dragon and Boeing Starliner, which should start carrying up astronauts as early as next year. Friday's spacewalk set the stage for a second docking location. A new docking device will fly up late this year or early next. NASA astronaut Shane Kimbrough disconnected all four cables from an old docking port, using some extra force on one. He looped a spare tether around the balky cable and pulled, and off it came. "Nicely done, Shane," Mission Control radioed. Story continues below video × Advertisement On Sunday, flight controllers in Houston will move the old port to provide better clearance for the future ships. Then on Thursday, the crew will conduct another spacewalk to secure the unit. Until the new crew capsules come on line, U.S. astronauts will keep riding Russian rockets to orbit. As Kimbrough worked on the docking port and replaced a computer-relay box, French astronaut Thomas Pesquet hunted for signs of an ammonia coolant leak in outdoor plumbing. The leak, while still small, has worsened recently, and NASA wants to pinpoint the location. "No leaks. No flakes whatsoever," he reported. During their 6 ½-hour excursion, the spacewalkers also replaced a pair of Japanese cameras, greased latching mechanisms on the end of the big robot arm and even tackled some extra work. Their crewmates welcomed them back inside, wearing special black glasses and face masks, after Kimbrough reported there was a yellow chalk-like substance on one of his gloves. As an added precaution, both of his gloves were bagged before they came off. NASA wants to cram in two and possibly three spacewalks before Kimbrough, the station's commander, returns to Earth on April 10. Before a third spacewalk, Orbital ATK needs to launch a cargo ship to the space station with replacement parts. That shipment was supposed to be there by now, but repeatedly has been delayed because of rocket concerns. It's unclear when the Atlas V rocket will be ready at Cape Canaveral, Florida. NASA has been contracting out cargo deliveries since the end of the space shuttle program in 2011. The space agency is counting on private companies to do the same with astronauts. "It will be exciting to see a new way to bring crew members into orbit," NASA astronaut Robert Behnken said from Mission Control. He is among four astronauts training for the Dragon and Starliner test flights. ___ Online: NASA: https://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/station/main/index.html Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags Science Space Industry Aerospace And Defense Industry Industrial Products And Services Business Space Exploration Locations Florida United States North America loading... loading... Latest E-Edition Idaho State Journal Read the latest edition of the Idaho State Journal in our e-edition format, which combines the familiarity of the printed-paper format with the convenience of reading on your phone, tablet or desktop computer from anywhere. Trending Today Articles Articles Baby in critical condition; Blackfoot man charged with felony battery and injury to a child Pocatello mother births second set of twins Man suffers gunshot wound to leg while target shooting in Blackrock Canyon Could an LDS temple be on the horizon for Pocatello? Pocatello man loses 300 pounds Sheriff: South Idaho woman arrested for defrauding food stamp program Bannock County court clerk sentenced in DUI case Suspension bridge leading to Idaho wilderness area collapses Necessity sparks booming grill business for Blackfoot couple Horse and rider fall in sinkhole on South Idaho trail Video Highlights Visit Idaho State Journal's profile on Pinterest. $59,900 View more Listings Poll Do you support arming school teachers? You voted: Yes No Undecided Vote View Results Back ISJ Webcam Click here to control and for traffic cams Images are generated every 10 minutes. More Latest Classifieds Sale OPEN HOUSE Sat., 3/25, 1-6 pm. 4947 Mary Lane, $239,000 Bedrooms: 4 Bathrooms: 4 Land LANDS FOR LEASE BIA ACCEPTING BIDS FOR VARIOUS LEASES Farm CALVING EASE ANGUS BULLS. Idaho State Journal 305 S. Arthur Pocatello, ID 83204 208-232-4161 newsroom@journalnet.com Call us at 208-232-4161 or send an email Subscribe Today! Manage your subscription Report a delivery issue Pay your bill Vacation stop Sign up for our daily email alerts Get in touch with the Journal Common Submissions Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Obituary Add a Calendar Event Advertising Place a Classified Ad Milestones Announcements Birthdays Missionary Eagle Scout Engagements/Weddings Anniversaries Pioneer Newspapers Bozeman Daily Chronicle Idaho Press Tribune Idaho State Journal Skagit Valley Herald Herald Journal Herald and News Standard Journal Daily Record Teton Valley News Belgrade News Lone Peak Lookout West Yellowstone News © Copyright 2017 Idaho State Journal, 305 S. Arthur Pocatello, ID | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
SECTIONS Welcome Log in Subscribe Support Logout ← BACK TO ARTICLE LOG IN LOG OUT 32° Mostly sunny High: 37° | Low: 32° Ten Day ForecastWeather Alert Home News More in News Local & State Nation & World Cops & Courts Schools & Education Community News Special Features The Maine Forecast Politics More in Politics Gov. LePage President Trump 2016 Election Results Business More in Business Business Breakfast A Word with the Boss On the Job Portfolio People on the Move Sports More in Sports High School Sports Varsity Maine Awards New England Patriots Super Bowl 2017 Boston Celtics Boston Red Sox Outdoors Opinion More in Opinion Editorials Columns Bill Nemitz Greg Kesich Letters Maine Voices Live Food More in Food Restaurant reviews Eat & Run Recipes Cookbook Reviews Source More in Source Green Plate Special Maine Gardener Meet Sea Change Source Awards Lifestyle More in Lifestyle Things to Do MaineToday Magazine Arts & Entertainment Books Scene & Heard Religion and Values Crossword Sudoku Maine Today Real Estate More in Real Estate Featured Home Home of the Week Design Open Houses Obituaries Auto More in Auto New Cars Used Cars Jobs Open Sign in or Subscribe. See Offers Business Posted March 24 increase font size Stocks wobble, finish mixed Hospital stocks soar after Republicans decide to cancel a House vote on their health care bill. By MARLEY JAYAssociated Press Share Comment Read Article NEW YORK — U.S. stocks flirted with sharp losses but managed a mixed finish after Republicans canceled a vote on their health care bill because it became clear the bill would fail. Hospital stocks soared in response, while companies that stand to benefit from other Trump proposals faltered. For the second day in a row, stocks started higher and wilted as it became clear the health care bill was in trouble. The Dow Jones industrial average plunged as much as 126 points in afternoon trading on reports of the bill’s impending failure, although Wall Street cut its losses after the vote was canceled. Consumer-focused companies like Nike, Starbucks and clothing company PVH rose. The health care act became something of a proxy for the rest of the Trump agenda and it dominated the market for most of this week. It was the worst week for stocks since the week before the presidential election. Banks and small-company stocks, which made huge gains after Trump was elected, both suffered their biggest losses in more than a year. President Trump and other Republican leaders said they were moving on from health care, and Michael Scanlon, a portfolio manager for Manulife Asset Management, said investors will be glad if that happens. “You’re going to see a very quick pivot to corporate tax reform,” he said. A corporate tax cut could give stocks a large boost by increasing profits, and it might also raise tax revenue. After the close of trading, House Speaker Paul Ryan said Republicans will proceed with tax reform proposals, but acknowledged the health care debacle will make that task more difficult. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index finished down 1.98 points, or 0.1 percent, at 2,343.98. The Dow lost 59.86 points, or 0.3 percent, to 20,596.72 as Goldman Sachs and Boeing sank. Technology companies inched higher and the Nasdaq composite rose 11.04 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,828.74. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks added 1.22 points, or 0.1 percent, to 1,354.64. Trading was relatively light as investors waited for answers about the state of Trump’s business-friendly agenda. That may have contributed to the big fluctuations. Hospitals and insurers that do a lot of business with Medicaid celebrated the demise of the bill. HCA Holdings, the largest U.S. hospital company, climbed $2.87, or 3.5 percent, to $86.04, and Community Health Systems jumped 84 cents, or 9.7 percent, to $9.54. Among Medicaid-focused companies, Centene and Molina Healthcare each gained about 5 percent. The American Health Care Act likely would have left more Americans uninsured and would make big changes to Medicaid, a joint federal-state health program for low-income Americans. Those stocks fell when the bill was introduced because investors were concerned hospitals would have to take in more patients who lack insurance and that insurers would get less money from Medicaid. Insurance companies slumped. Cigna fell $3.36, or 2.3 percent, to $142.82 and Anthem shed $2.63, or 1.6 percent, to $126.77. With Trump and majority Republicans unable to pass the first big item on their agenda, there were some signs of concern that his proposals of tax cuts, infrastructure spending and regulatory cuts will take longer. Those are aspects of Trump’s proposed agenda Wall Street is excited about. Vulcan Materials, a construction materials maker, sank $2.65, or 2.3 percent, to $112.74. Steel maker Nucor declined $1.50, or 2.4 percent, to $59.76. Construction and machinery companies also stumbled. Engine maker Cummins shed $1.45, or 1 percent, to $150.77 and Boeing sank $1.44 to $175.82. Scanlon, of Manulife, said investors want Trump and Congress to come up with a real proposal that changes corporate taxes. “Something needs to be done with a permanent solution, not just one of these holiday things,” he said, because “the goal is to be a stimulus for domestic investment.” Bond prices rose slightly. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.41 percent from 2.42 percent. U.S. crude oil futures rose 27 cents to $47.97 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, added 24 cents to $50.80 a barrel in London. Share Read or Post Comments Were you interviewed for this story? If so, please fill out our accuracy form Send questions/comments to the editors. Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. More Like This Business Week in review: Alternative energy: Exploring wind power and pushing for solar incentives Business Michelle Singletary: No, you can’t claim your dog as a dependent Business Harbor Freight will join growing Pine Tree Mall in Waterville Business Federal aid sought to boost business plans in Winthrop Recent Read Shared Lives lost: A contractor, an artist, a telecom professional Meet Maine's winter high school sports players of the year 3 Heron Lane, Cumberland Foreside BMW 740e charges flagship sedan segment What's Up in April: Mars makes a great passage Maine Voices: The problem isn't Obamacare; it's the insurance companies Mainers would pay up to 7 times more in premiums under House Republican ACA replacement bill After 40 years, Wiscasset mourns the loss of landmark restaurant Recruiters hop bus to Boston to find new hires David Rockefeller, Acadia benefactor with deep ties to Maine, remembered for conservation efforts BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE My Account Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Digital Subscriptions Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a Photo CONNECT e-Edition Mobile Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Lifestyle Opinion Sports Obituaries Video NETWORK About MaineToday Media Work Here Media Kit CentralMaine.com MaineToday.com © 2017 MaineToday Media
Leisure Home LBoard PKR: Hadi’s ‘biawak’ analogy improper for religious leader Khairil Ashraf Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US Spacewalk a success for French, US astronauts AFP Relaxnews | March 25, 2017 Currently, the only way the world's astronauts can reach orbit is by buying a ride aboard Russia's Soyuz capsules, at $81 million per seat. MIAMI: A French and an American astronaut floated outside the International Space Station Friday on a successful spacewalk to upgrade the orbiting outpost for the arrival of future space crews. Outfitted in bulky white spacesuits, helmets and gloves, France’s Thomas Pesquet, 39, and American Shane Kimbrough, 49, completed their work right on schedule, after six hours and 34 minutes in the vacuum of space. “Another great example of international collaboration and the work that we can do when we get a great team like this together,” said Jessica Meir, a NASA astronaut who coordinated the spacewalk from mission control in Houston. The goal for Friday’s outing was to prepare for the installation of the second of two parking spots for space taxis, known as the International Docking Adapters. New crew spaceships, being designed by SpaceX and Boeing, will use them when they begin flying astronauts to the station in the coming years, as early as 2018. Currently, the only way the world’s astronauts can reach orbit is by buying a ride aboard Russia’s Soyuz capsules, at $81 million per seat. Pesquet spent the first part of his spacewalk inspecting a radiator valve suspected of a small ammonia leak, but was unable to find evidence of any problems. Then, he lubricated the space station’s robotic arm, Dextre, which is employed to grab approaching cargo ships and move items around outside. Meanwhile, Kimbrough disconnected cables and electrical connections on the pressurized mating adapter (PMA-3) to prepare for its move Thursday, March 30, during another spacewalk. In its new location, it will become the home for the second of two International Docking Adapters, to be delivered on a future flight of a SpaceX Dragon cargo ship. Kimbrough also worked on installing new cameras and computer equipment outside the space station. Pesquet and Kimbrough worked separately on their tasks outside the space station, a symbol of international cooperation which has been continuously inhabited by global astronauts for the past 17 years. ‘Gee-whiz moment’ Friday’s spacewalk was the second of Pesquet’s career, and the fifth for Kimbrough. “Going outside is always a gee-whiz moment for me,” Kimbrough said in an interview on NASA television this week, adding that it was also “really satisfying” to see Pesquet perform so well on his first spacewalk back in January. Pesquet is the fourth Frenchman to ever walk in space, and the 11th European. The next outing on March 30 will include Kimbrough and American astronaut Peggy Whitson, making the eighth spacewalk of her career. A third spacewalk on April 6 is to include Pesquet and Whitson. Next month, the 57-year-old Whitson will set a new record for spacewalks by a female astronaut, and will also break the record for most number of days spent in space by an American. The current US record of 534 days is held by NASA astronaut Jeff Williams. Russian cosmonaut Gennady Padalka holds the record for the most cumulative days ever in space, at 879 days over five career trips. Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story Thousands of Israelis get filthy for ‘Mud Day’ Dier wants England football fans to be ‘respectful’ ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News Wrong body taken for cremation: Ministry to pay compensation Nazri explains his silence during meeting with Mahathir Malaysia Airlines passengers stranded at Auckland Airport PKR: Perbandingan ‘biawak’ Hadi tak cantik, imej Ahmad Fairuz’s stand on Islamic law misplaced, says… Mother, daughter caught stealing RM1,300 essential items Polis masuk Kedutaan Korea Utara ambil keterangan suspek Jong Nam case: 4 police officers enter North Korean embassy Anina wants to take on Najib in Pekan Look after your internal problems first, Rahman Dahlan told ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB It is good to be right, it is better to be wise Terima kasih Tun Fairuz, kita perlu buang rasa curiga PPBM hilang kuasa rundingan dengan Pakatan Why Muslim-Christian debates are futile Speaker terburu-buru ‘kurung’ wartawan Parlimen The activist artist and the Malaysian palette More... FMT Bahasa Tak perlu sibuk dengan masalah dalaman kami, pesan DAP Gempa lemah di Lahad Datu, penduduk rasai gegaran Saya diamkan diri sebab hormat Dr Mahathir, kata Nazri Polis masuk Kedutaan Korea Utara ambil keterangan suspek Hanya 26 bukan 44 senjata Rela hilang, kata Khalid PKR: Perbandingan ‘biawak’ Hadi tak cantik, imej ulama tercalar More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 39 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM MAR 26, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News MAR 26, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 39 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Stocks wobble, finish mixed as health bill pulled By MARLEY JAY The Associated Press First Published Mar 24 2017 04:18PM    •    Last Updated Mar 24 2017 04:18 pm In this Jan. 12, 2017, photo, traders work on the Mizuho Americas trading floor in New York. Stocks are opening higher on Wall Street, on Friday, March 24, 2017, led by gains in technology companies and banks. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) In this Jan. 12, 2017, photo, traders work on the Mizuho Americas trading floor in New York. Stocks are opening higher on Wall Street, on Friday, March 24, 2017, led by gains in technology companies and banks. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY (1) New York • U.S. stocks flirted with sharp losses but managed a mixed finish after Republicans canceled a vote on their health care bill because it became clear the bill would fail. Hospital stocks soared in response, while companies that stand to benefit from other Trump proposals faltered. For the second day in a row, stocks started higher and wilted as it became clear the health care bill was in trouble. The Dow Jones industrial average plunged as much as 126 points in afternoon trading on reports of the bill's impending failure, although Wall Street cut its losses after the vote was canceled. Consumer-focused companies like Nike, Starbucks and clothing company PVH rose. VIDEOS TOP JOBS The health care act became something of a proxy for the rest of the Trump agenda and it dominated the market for most of this week. It was the worst week for stocks since the week before the presidential election. Banks and small-company stocks, which made huge gains after Trump was elected, both suffered their biggest losses in more than a year. President Trump and other Republican leaders said they were moving on from health care, and Michael Scanlon, a portfolio manager for Manulife Asset Management, said investors will be glad if that happens. "You're going to see a very quick pivot to corporate tax reform," he said. A corporate tax cut could give stocks a large boost by increasing profits, and it might also raise tax revenue. After the close of trading, House Speaker Paul Ryan said Republicans will proceed with tax reform proposals, but acknowledged the health care debacle will make that task more difficult. The Standard & Poor's 500 index finished down 1.98 points, or 0.1 percent, at 2,343.98. The Dow lost 59.86 points, or 0.3 percent, to 20,596.72 as Goldman Sachs and Boeing sank. Technology companies inched higher and the Nasdaq composite rose 11.04 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,828.74. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks added 1.22 points, or 0.1 percent, to 1,354.64. Trading was relatively light as investors waited for answers about the state of President Donald Trump's business-friendly agenda. That may have contributed to the big fluctuations. Hospitals and insurers that do a lot of business with Medicaid celebrated the demise of the bill. HCA Holdings, the largest U.S. hospital company, climbed $2.87, or 3.5 percent, to $86.04 and Community Health Systems jumped 84 cents, or 9.7 percent, to $9.54. Among Medicaid-focused companies, Centene and Molina Healthcare each gained about 5 percent. The American Health Care Act would likely have left more Americans uninsured and would make big changes to Medicaid, a joint federal-state health program for low-income Americans. Those stocks fell when the bill was introduced because investors were concerned hospitals would have to take in more patients who lack insurance and that insurers would get less money from Medicaid. Insurance companies slumped. Cigna fell $3.36, or 2.3 percent, to $142.82 and Anthem shed $2.63, or 1.6 percent, to $126.77. With Trump and majority Republicans unable to pass the first big item on their agenda, there were some signs of concern that his proposals of tax cuts, infrastructure spending, and regulatory cuts will take longer. Those are aspects of Trump's proposed agenda Wall Street is excited about. Vulcan Materials, a construction materials maker, sank $2.65, or 2.3 percent, to $112.74. Steel maker Nucor declined $1.50, or 2.4 percent, to $59.76. Construction and machinery companies also stumbled. Engine maker Cummins shed $1.45, or 1 percent, to $150.77 and Boeing sank $1.44 to $175.82. Scanlon, of Manulife, said investors want Trump and Congress to come up with a real proposal that changes corporate taxes. "Something needs to be done with a permanent solution, not just one of these holiday things," he said, because "the goal is to be a stimulus for domestic investment." Bond prices rose slightly. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.41 percent from 2.42 percent. U.S. crude oil futures rose 27 cents to $47.97 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, added 24 cents to $50.80 a barrel in London. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline gained 2 cents to $1.60 a gallon. Heating oil rose 1 cent to $1.50 a gallon. Natural gas added 3 cents to $3.08 per 1,000 cubic feet. The dollar inched down to 110.80 yen from 111.07 yen. The euro edged up to $1.0808 from $1.0786. Gold rose $1.30 to $1,248.50 an ounce. Silver jumped 16 cents to $17.75 an ounce. Copper lost 1 cent to $2.63 a pound. In Germany, the DAX added 0.2 percent and the French CAC 40 dropped 0.2 percent and Britain's FTSE 100 index dipped 0.1 percent. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index rose 0.9 percent following recent losses. The Kospi of South Korea shed 0.2 percent while Hong Kong's Hang Seng reversed earlier losses to finish 0.1 percent higher.   Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY VIEW PHOTO GALLERY JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES Tax cuts now more complicated for Trump Dying behind bars: Exploring a series of questionable deaths in Utah jails 'Some of us don't compete': George Hill, Rudy Gobert sound off after blowout Utah Jazz loss to Clipp Kragthorpe: Ty Detmer forgives Tanner Mangum's 'greed' in BYU scrimmage Ted Wilson calls it a day -- and it's real this time ELEVATE 2017’s top six tax questions answered   Professional-in-Residence Jim Mortensen Prepares Students to Become Top Advisors   When to get professional tax help and when to do your own taxes   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Traffic Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
MENU Home Login Subscription Options CREATE NEW – Home Delivery Subscription MAKE HOME DELIVERY PAYMENT HERE CREATE NEW – Online Only Subscription Contact UFO Store PUZZLES Crosswords Sudoku How to Clear Cache MENU Newspaper E-Newpaper Sunday Comics NEWS Local News Local News Local News Dining Guide Dining Guide Local Business Review Local Business Review Positively Roswell Positively Roswell Vistas Sports Local Sports AP Auto Racing AP Baseball AP Basketball AP Football AP Golf AP Soccer AP Tennis Obituaries In Memory Records Public/Police Public Record Police Blotter Classifieds Listings Local Classifieds Listings Legal Notice Ads Opinion Editorial Editorial Dear Editor Magazines Lifestyles Travel & Dining Guide Screens Magazine Vision Magazine Special Sections AP News News Feed Business Entertainment National News State News World News 1 Username: 1 Stocks wobble, finish mixed as GOP pulls plug on health bill March 24, 2017 • Business NEW YORK (AP) — U.S. stocks flirted with sharp losses but managed a mixed finish after Republicans canceled a vote on their health care bill because it became clear the bill would fail. Hospital stocks soared in response, while companies that stand to benefit from other Trump proposals faltered. For the second day in a row, stocks started higher and wilted as it became clear the health care bill was in trouble. The Dow Jones industrial average plunged as much as 126 points in afternoon trading on reports of the bill’s impending failure, although Wall Street cut its losses after the vote was canceled. Consumer-focused companies like Nike, Starbucks and clothing company PVH rose. The health care act became something of a proxy for the rest of the Trump agenda and it dominated the market for most of this week. It was the worst week for stocks since the week before the presidential election. Banks and small-company stocks, which made huge gains after Trump was elected, both suffered their biggest losses in more than a year. President Trump and other Republican leaders said they were moving on from health care, and Michael Scanlon, a portfolio manager for Manulife Asset Management, said investors will be [auth] glad if that happens. “You’re going to see a very quick pivot to corporate tax reform,” he said. A corporate tax cut could give stocks a large boost by increasing profits, and it might also raise tax revenue. After the close of trading, House Speaker Paul Ryan said Republicans will proceed with tax reform proposals, but acknowledged the health care debacle will make that task more difficult. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index finished down 1.98 points, or 0.1 percent, at 2,343.98. The Dow lost 59.86 points, or 0.3 percent, to 20,596.72 as Goldman Sachs and Boeing sank. Technology companies inched higher and the Nasdaq composite rose 11.04 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,828.74. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks added 1.22 points, or 0.1 percent, to 1,354.64. Trading was relatively light as investors waited for answers about the state of President Donald Trump’s business-friendly agenda. That may have contributed to the big fluctuations. Hospitals and insurers that do a lot of business with Medicaid celebrated the demise of the bill. HCA Holdings, the largest U.S. hospital company, climbed $2.87, or 3.5 percent, to $86.04 and Community Health Systems jumped 84 cents, or 9.7 percent, to $9.54. Among Medicaid-focused companies, Centene and Molina Healthcare each gained about 5 percent. The American Health Care Act would likely have left more Americans uninsured and would make big changes to Medicaid, a joint federal-state health program for low-income Americans. Those stocks fell when the bill was introduced because investors were concerned hospitals would have to take in more patients who lack insurance and that insurers would get less money from Medicaid. Insurance companies slumped. Cigna fell $3.36, or 2.3 percent, to $142.82 and Anthem shed $2.63, or 1.6 percent, to $126.77. With Trump and majority Republicans unable to pass the first big item on their agenda, there were some signs of concern that his proposals of tax cuts, infrastructure spending, and regulatory cuts will take longer. Those are aspects of Trump’s proposed agenda Wall Street is excited about. Vulcan Materials, a construction materials maker, sank $2.65, or 2.3 percent, to $112.74. Steel maker Nucor declined $1.50, or 2.4 percent, to $59.76. Construction and machinery companies also stumbled. Engine maker Cummins shed $1.45, or 1 percent, to $150.77 and Boeing sank $1.44 to $175.82. Scanlon, of Manulife, said investors want Trump and Congress to come up with a real proposal that changes corporate taxes. “Something needs to be done with a permanent solution, not just one of these holiday things,” he said, because “the goal is to be a stimulus for domestic investment.” Bond prices rose slightly. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.41 percent from 2.42 percent. U.S. crude oil futures rose 27 cents to $47.97 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, added 24 cents to $50.80 a barrel in London. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline gained 2 cents to $1.60 a gallon. Heating oil rose 1 cent to $1.50 a gallon. Natural gas added 3 cents to $3.08 per 1,000 cubic feet. The dollar inched down to 110.80 yen from 111.07 yen. The euro edged up to $1.0808 from $1.0786. Gold rose $1.30 to $1,248.50 an ounce. Silver jumped 16 cents to $17.75 an ounce. Copper lost 1 cent to $2.63 a pound. In Germany, the DAX added 0.2 percent and the French CAC 40 dropped 0.2 percent and Britain’s FTSE 100 index dipped 0.1 percent. Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 index rose 0.9 percent following recent losses. The Kospi of South Korea shed 0.2 percent while Hong Kong’s Hang Seng reversed earlier losses to finish 0.1 percent higher. Related Posts About the Author: - Associated Press Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « Xavier knocks off Arizona 73-71 in West Region Trump OKs Keystone pipeline, calling it ‘great day’ for jobs » Business Review CB Laboratory, Inc. Dining Guide Peppers Grill & Bar Positively Roswell Mildred Swenson celebrates 102 years New Mexico sees increase in jobless rate, highest in nation March 25, 2017 Las Cruces has new city attorney, economic development head March 25, 2017 Law school program provides free wills to Native Americans March 25, 2017 Martinez to consider bill to combine local elections March 24, 2017 Relief, uncertainty swirl in New Mexico over health care March 24, 2017 Third man arrested in beating death of Roswell man March 24, 2017 Former paramedic loses bid to have arrest record wiped March 24, 2017 NMSP officer resigns following wreck, aggravated DWI arrest March 24, 2017 New Mexico governor orders hiring freeze to save cash March 23, 2017 New Mexico AG praises court ruling on special education March 23, 2017 © 2017 Roswell Daily Record | Roswell Area News | Proudly sponsoring The Roswell Incident Project since 2016! Web directory script
ON NEWSSTANDS 108 Mar/Apr 2017 The Sex Issue Music Style Culture Video share tweet Feed All Posts Featured Posts Trending Posts Magazine Events Shop Twitter facebook youtube instagram tumblr US US UK CA US Edition UK Edition Canada Edition Follow the Fader Press Enter to Search Music Style Culture Video Magazine Events Shop US Edition UK Edition Canada Edition culture / News How Trump Tanked His Own Awful Health Care Plan, And 18 Other Facts You Need To Know Immediately From stripping NASA’s earth science division, to playing truck driver while the AHCA floundered, here’s everything Donald Trump did this week. By Leah Mandel Trump sits in the driver's seat of a semi-truck as he welcomes truckers and CEOs to the White House to discuss healthcare, March 23.   JIM WATSON / Getty 1. Found out he's definitely being investigated by the FBI for ties to Russia. BREAKING: FBI Director Comey confirms the FBI is investigating any possible links between the Trump campaign and Russia pic.twitter.com/tCukCbB3ol— Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) March 20, 2017 1. Everyone should take 8 minutes and listen to Schiff's crisp summary of the evidence linking Trump and Russia https://t.co/LSSvtYQT7M— Judd Legum (@JuddLegum) March 20, 2017 Congrats to "LOCK HER UP" Crew on its upcoming pivot to "Just Because There's An Investigation Doesn't Mean There Was Any Wrongdoing" Crew— Patrick Monahan (@pattymo) March 20, 2017 2. Requested lifting the policy that limits the number of air strike casualties, after U.S. drones killed over 85 in Syria and as many as 200 in Mosul. The Telegraph reported that on Tuesday, a "suspected US air strike on a school being used as a shelter by families displaced from the Isil-held Syrian city of Raqqa killed at least 33 people on Tuesday, in the latest high civilian casualty raid by the coalition." "On Thursday [March 16], a U.S. Reaper drone struck a gathering in a rebel-held village in Aleppo province, killing as many as 49 people. Monitoring groups say most of the dead were civilians who had gathered at a mosque to pray, while the Pentagon claims the gathering was a meeting of al-Qaeda members," Democracy Now reported on Monday. It's also been reported that "the number of civilian casualties in U.S. airstrikes has been escalating since Donald Trump took office two months ago." And in Mosul: "The American-led military coalition in Iraq said Friday that it was investigating reports that scores of civilians — perhaps as many as 200, according to local residents — had been killed in recent American airstrikes in Mosul, the northern Iraqi city where Iraq’s security forces have been waging a monthslong offensive," reported The New York Times. 3. Told the GOP they'd lose their seats in 2018 if the AHCA doesn't pass. (Spoiler: it didn't.) “Honestly, a loss is not acceptable, folks.” @russellberman reports on Trump’s closed-door effort to save the AHCA: https://t.co/X7u24lcABY pic.twitter.com/1jKXV0PEER— Yoni Appelbaum (@YAppelbaum) March 21, 2017 4. Claimed his campaign chairman Paul Manafort, who has proven ties to Russia, played a minor role in the 2016 campaign. Take a look at how the White House is now trying to minimize the role that former campaign chairman Paul Manafort played in the campaign pic.twitter.com/shyf9JBefH— Jonathan Karl (@jonkarl) March 21, 2017 5. Approved security clearances for his daughter Ivanka. This—this is a tweet that definitely did not age well. pic.twitter.com/W4wWz1T8Qf— Kyle Griffin (@kylegriffin1) March 21, 2017 6. Came for Colin Kapernick. Colin Kaepernick gave a million dollars to feed starving children last year. Trump wants to cut Meals on Wheels and Medicaid. https://t.co/TjMSyudOqs— Mikel Jollett (@Mikel_Jollett) March 21, 2017 “There was an article today…that NFL owners don’t want to pick [Kaepernick] up because they don’t want to get a nasty tweet from Donald Trump,” Trump said at a rally in Louisville, Kentucky on Monday. “Do you believe that? I said, ‘If I remember that one, I’m gonna report it to the people of Kentucky because they like it when people actually stand for the American flag.’” 7. Stripped earth science funding from the NASA budget. Planetary scientists decry Trump's proposed Earth-science cuts https://t.co/fzApENx65R pic.twitter.com/C7yyVoTrmp— Scientific American (@sciam) March 24, 2017 To focus on Mars exploration. SMH. 8. Issued a gag order to officials on details of the budget. The #TrumpCuts budget is so indefensible that the President won’t even let his cabinet officials testify to Congress https://t.co/U2x1o8DxcE— Rep. Barbara Lee (@RepBarbaraLee) March 21, 2017 9. Has been filling top Pentagon and Homeland Security positions with defense contractors. "Benjamin Cassidy, installed by Trump as assistant secretary for legislative affairs, previously worked as a senior executive at Boeing’s international business sector, marketing Boeing military products abroad," The Intercept reported. "Jonathan Rath Hoffman, named assistant secretary for public affairs, previously worked as a consultant to the Chertoff Group, the sprawling homeland security consulting firm founded by former Secretary of Homeland Security Michael Chertoff." 10. Met with the Congressional Black Caucus, who gave him a document titled "We Have A Lot To Lose." Black Caucus Answers #Trump's 'What Do You Have to Lose' Question https://t.co/bntHGabYvp via @NBCNews— AM Joy w/Joy Reid (@amjoyshow) March 23, 2017 11. Said he felt "vindicated" by being briefed by Devin Nunes, who is leading the Russia investigation. Ex-House Intel counsel: Nunes briefing Trump is a “breakdown in the entire oversight process,” other committee members likely “horrified” pic.twitter.com/aRn8dB3Ia6— Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) March 22, 2017 Nunes also went straight to the White House to brief Trump before briefing his colleagues. Nunes wouldn't deny Trump White House fed intel that he used to give cover to the Trump White House before briefing the Trump White House https://t.co/S8axF8T5G4— Jared Yates Sexton (@JYSexton) March 23, 2017 **The people who are supposed to be investigating the Trump campaign are actively working w/Sean Spicer to undermine the investigation** pic.twitter.com/JqsM6X93qt— Caroline O. (@RVAwonk) February 27, 2017 12. Told a TIME reporter "I'm president and you're not." Takeaway from Time interview: Trump thinks he's always proven right, even when he's initially wrong https://t.co/6CK1gkrgqX— Glenn Kessler (@GlennKesslerWP) March 23, 2017 Paging @brianstelter to take a look at this exchange from the Trump / Time Mag interview (full story here: https://t.co/hYDMHwyefY) pic.twitter.com/3k4v5O3n7q— Sarah L. Jorgensen (@SarahLJorgensen) March 23, 2017 13. Pretended to be a truck driver. While adults are talking healthcare today in Washington. Trump plays in a Semi-Truck like a toddler. #impeach #Impeach45 pic.twitter.com/woeIBcZkjG— Brianna Westbrook (@BWestbrookAZ8) March 24, 2017 PICTURED: Donald Trump demanding his truck transform into a cool robot pic.twitter.com/viWZI1Fs14— Bucky Isotope (@BuckyIsotope) March 24, 2017 14. Backed off his divestment pledge, and will now receive quarterly reports on the profitability of his business from son Eric Trump. Occasionally I wonder how sharp Eric Trump is https://t.co/3AuttEsg6i pic.twitter.com/KM0oBvEeF6— David A. Graham (@GrahamDavidA) March 24, 2017 15. Gave the go-ahead for the Keystone XL Pipeline President Trump approves Keystone XL, which benefits Canadian companies selling to over seas customers. Way to make "America first".— MATTY ICE (@FailGOP) March 24, 2017 16. Claimed he's "done everything he can" to make the AHCA work. (Spoiler: it, uh, didn't work) Spicer says Trump has "done everything he can." So what does that mean about Trump's self vaulted closing skills if this fails?— Katy Tur (@KatyTurNBC) March 24, 2017 It's all happening https://t.co/kW1JYRJCFP pic.twitter.com/1UhqyVGzIC— Clara Jeffery (@ClaraJeffery) March 24, 2017 17. Killed his own health care plan entirely when it was clear that it couldn't get enough votes in the House. "we pulled it" pic.twitter.com/B7QC4Pd41E— BRANDON WARDELL (@BRANDONWARDELL) March 24, 2017 Oh the irony that Donald Trump and Paul Ryan have no Plan B— Margarita Noriega (@margarita) March 24, 2017 18. Called reporter Robert Costa on his personal cell phone to tell him he's backing off healthcare for now. "Hello, Bob," Trump began. "So, we just pulled it." https://t.co/Mve7xEgTo1— Robert Costa (@costareports) March 24, 2017 19. Blamed the failure of the AHCA on the Democrats in his statement from the Oval Office. pic.twitter.com/pIcKXM78en— small antique horse (@egg_dog) March 24, 2017 Even though the Republicans have a multi-year majority in the house and didn't even need Dems to pass this thing. During a press conference, Paul Ryan said the nation will be “living with Obamacare for the foreseeable future.” https://t.co/jy8PVLWrAJ pic.twitter.com/LtJkVpQfSr— The FADER (@thefader) March 24, 2017 There is a Medicare for All bill in the House right now. John Conyers sponsoring. Has quite a few co-sponsors. https://t.co/DwwfW9DZnP pic.twitter.com/tNcEIe7qU2— Jack Runyan (@JackDRunyan) March 23, 2017 Whew. Got all that? Maxine Waters says: Get ready for impeachment.— Maxine Waters (@MaxineWaters) March 21, 2017 March 24, 2017 Politics Read full story YOUR EMAIL COULD GET USED TO THIS *FUTURE VOICE* Trending music / News Watch Migos And The Roots Perform “Bad And Boujee” Using Office Supplies culture / News Washington D.C. Police Are Asking The Public To Help Find Over 10 Missing Black Girls music / News Dreka Gates Issued A Statement On Kevin Gates’ Delayed Release From Jail music / News Papa Roach Responded To Joke About Paul Ryan Listening To “Last Resort” music / News Watch Sia’s Appearance On Sesame Street culture / News How Trump Tanked His Own Awful Health Care Plan, And 18 Other Facts You Need To Know Immediately Contact Advertising Terms of Use Privacy Policy Fader Label Twitter Facebook Google+ Youtube Tumblr Instagram Apple Music Soundcloud Spotify RSS Magazine 108 Mar/Apr 2017 The Sex Issue Subscribe YOUR EMAIL COULD GET USED TO THIS *FUTURE VOICE* ©2017 The Fader, Inc. All rights reserved. Site By Wondersauce
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: muscatinejournal.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $10.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Customer Service Subscribe Sections e-Edition Customer Service Contact Us Subscriptions News Crime Opinion Sports Submit news Calendar Hometown Sports High school College Entertainment Games & Puzzles People Weekly Ads Classifieds Business Directory Jobs Cars Real Estate Place an ad Newspaper Ads Special sections Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 46° Muscatine, IA (52761) Today Rain showers in the morning becoming more intermittent in the afternoon. High 57F. ESE winds shifting to W at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 40%.. Tonight Cloudy skies. Low 44F. Winds WNW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: March 26, 2017 @ 2:55 am Full Forecast Obits Opinion Local Crime & Courts Classifieds Sports Close Mark Lennihan In this Jan. 12, 2017, photo, traders work on the Mizuho Americas trading floor in New York. Stocks are opening higher on Wall Street, on Friday, March 24, 2017, led by gains in technology companies and banks. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) AP Stocks wobble, finish mixed as GOP pulls plug on health bill By MARLEY JAY AP Markets Writer Mar 24, 2017 Updated Mar 24, 2017 0 Mark Lennihan In this Jan. 12, 2017, photo, traders work on the Mizuho Americas trading floor in New York. Stocks are opening higher on Wall Street, on Friday, March 24, 2017, led by gains in technology companies and banks. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) NEW YORK (AP) — U.S. stocks flirted with sharp losses but managed a mixed finish after Republicans canceled a vote on their health care bill because it became clear the bill would fail. Hospital stocks soared in response, while companies that stand to benefit from other Trump proposals faltered. For the second day in a row, stocks started higher and wilted as it became clear the health care bill was in trouble. The Dow Jones industrial average plunged as much as 126 points in afternoon trading on reports of the bill's impending failure, although Wall Street cut its losses after the vote was canceled. Consumer-focused companies like Nike, Starbucks and clothing company PVH rose. The health care act became something of a proxy for the rest of the Trump agenda and it dominated the market for most of this week. It was the worst week for stocks since the week before the presidential election. Banks and small-company stocks, which made huge gains after Trump was elected, both suffered their biggest losses in more than a year. President Trump and other Republican leaders said they were moving on from health care, and Michael Scanlon, a portfolio manager for Manulife Asset Management, said investors will be glad if that happens. "You're going to see a very quick pivot to corporate tax reform," he said. A corporate tax cut could give stocks a large boost by increasing profits, and it might also raise tax revenue. After the close of trading, House Speaker Paul Ryan said Republicans will proceed with tax reform proposals, but acknowledged the health care debacle will make that task more difficult. The Standard & Poor's 500 index finished down 1.98 points, or 0.1 percent, at 2,343.98. The Dow lost 59.86 points, or 0.3 percent, to 20,596.72 as Goldman Sachs and Boeing sank. Technology companies inched higher and the Nasdaq composite rose 11.04 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,828.74. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks added 1.22 points, or 0.1 percent, to 1,354.64. Trading was relatively light as investors waited for answers about the state of President Donald Trump's business-friendly agenda. That may have contributed to the big fluctuations. Hospitals and insurers that do a lot of business with Medicaid celebrated the demise of the bill. HCA Holdings, the largest U.S. hospital company, climbed $2.87, or 3.5 percent, to $86.04 and Community Health Systems jumped 84 cents, or 9.7 percent, to $9.54. Among Medicaid-focused companies, Centene and Molina Healthcare each gained about 5 percent. The American Health Care Act would likely have left more Americans uninsured and would make big changes to Medicaid, a joint federal-state health program for low-income Americans. Those stocks fell when the bill was introduced because investors were concerned hospitals would have to take in more patients who lack insurance and that insurers would get less money from Medicaid. Insurance companies slumped. Cigna fell $3.36, or 2.3 percent, to $142.82 and Anthem shed $2.63, or 1.6 percent, to $126.77. With Trump and majority Republicans unable to pass the first big item on their agenda, there were some signs of concern that his proposals of tax cuts, infrastructure spending, and regulatory cuts will take longer. Those are aspects of Trump's proposed agenda Wall Street is excited about. Vulcan Materials, a construction materials maker, sank $2.65, or 2.3 percent, to $112.74. Steel maker Nucor declined $1.50, or 2.4 percent, to $59.76. Construction and machinery companies also stumbled. Engine maker Cummins shed $1.45, or 1 percent, to $150.77 and Boeing sank $1.44 to $175.82. Scanlon, of Manulife, said investors want Trump and Congress to come up with a real proposal that changes corporate taxes. "Something needs to be done with a permanent solution, not just one of these holiday things," he said, because "the goal is to be a stimulus for domestic investment." Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! MuscatineJournal.com Breaking News Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Bond prices rose slightly. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.41 percent from 2.42 percent. U.S. crude oil futures rose 27 cents to $47.97 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, added 24 cents to $50.80 a barrel in London. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline gained 2 cents to $1.60 a gallon. Heating oil rose 1 cent to $1.50 a gallon. Natural gas added 3 cents to $3.08 per 1,000 cubic feet. The dollar inched down to 110.80 yen from 111.07 yen. The euro edged up to $1.0808 from $1.0786. Gold rose $1.30 to $1,248.50 an ounce. Silver jumped 16 cents to $17.75 an ounce. Copper lost 1 cent to $2.63 a pound. In Germany, the DAX added 0.2 percent and the French CAC 40 dropped 0.2 percent and Britain's FTSE 100 index dipped 0.1 percent. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index rose 0.9 percent following recent losses. The Kospi of South Korea shed 0.2 percent while Hong Kong's Hang Seng reversed earlier losses to finish 0.1 percent higher. ___ AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/journalist/marley-jay Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags Wire Business General News Crude Oil Markets Energy Markets Commodity Markets Financial Markets Currency Markets Brent Crude Markets Amusement And Theme Parks Recreation And Leisure Lifestyle Leisure Travel Travel Technology Stock Prices Leading Economic Indicators Economy Stock Markets Bills Legislation Legislature Government And Politics Stock Price Movements Stock Performance Corporate Stock Corporate News Stock Indices And Averages Japanese Yen × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. More sports headlines Muscatine Journal's 2017 All-Area Girls Basketball Team Building to the finish: Boyd's work pays off in final season for Columbus Wapello trio to continue football careers at William Penn Muscatine Journal's 2017 All-Area Wrestling Team Rising Comet: Esmoil learns, adjusts and reaches top of podium More on this topic No gunshots fired in store burglary at Bellagio in Las Vegas Self-inflicted collapse chokes GOP effort to undo Obamacare The Latest: Pence says fight against 'Obamacare' to continue Auction of vacant Utah Twinkie factory draws curious bakers Nissan recalls more than 56,000 cars, cites power steering Local Companies | FindTheCompany Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Nasdaq Composite Index Value Over Time | FindTheCompany S&P 500 Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Most Popular Live updates: Muscatine mayor impeachment hearing Hearing to impeach Muscatine Mayor Diana Broderson will be broadcast live Limoges: Lessons learned from Muscatine mayor fight Living with brain injury: Muscatine woman wants to start a brain injury support group 11-hour Muscatine mayor ouster hearing dismisses without conclusion, hearing scheduled to resume April 1 MHS Senior Survivor: Meet the teams Scott M. Richmond New principal named at L-M Elementary Sue A. Hatfield Robert ‘Bobby’ Nichols Currents Homes Where tenants are getting soaked: Big cities with the highest rent Health Which states have the highest sin taxes? Home and Garden Top 10 repairs sellers should make before listing a house for sale Sissons, Neal each score twice as Predators sink Sharks 7-2 Ovechkin finds goal-scoring groove downs stretch for Caps Rangers remain road warriors with 3-0 win at Kings McCollum has 32, Blazers beat Timberwolves 112-100 Sites & Partners muscatinejournal.com qctimes.com Hawkmania Topics & Features Obituaries E-Edition Weather Contact Us River Levels Online Features Tools & Services Buy Photos © Copyright 2017 The Muscatine Journal, 301 E. 3rd St Muscatine, IA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
News Sports Living Obits Item Banner Cars Jobs E-Edition Subscriber Services log in Site Archive Dow closes down 60 points Friday Mar 24, 2017 at 1:40 PM Mar 24, 2017 at 5:06 PM The Associated Press NEW YORK  — U.S. stocks flirted with sharp losses but managed a mixed finish after Republicans canceled a vote on their health care bill because it became clear the bill would fail. Investors didn't trade much as they waited for answers about the state of President Donald Trump's business-friendly agenda. For the second day in a row, stocks started higher and wilted as it became clear the health care bill was in trouble. The Dow Jones industrial average plunged as much as 126 points in afternoon trading on reports of the bill's impending failure, although Wall Street cut its losses after the vote was canceled. Consumer-focused companies like Nike, Starbucks and clothing company PVH rose. The health care act became something of a proxy for the rest of the Trump agenda and it dominated the market for most of this week. It was the week run for stocks since the week before the presidential election. Banks and small-company stocks, which made huge gains after Trump was elected, both suffered their biggest losses in more than a year. President Trump and other Republican leaders said they were moving on from health care, and Michael Scanlon, a portfolio manager for Manulife Asset Management, said investors will be glad if that happens. "You're going to see a very quick pivot to corporate tax reform," he said. A corporate tax cut could give stocks a large boost by increasing profits, and it might also raise tax revenue. After the close of trading, House Speaker Paul Ryan said Republicans will proceed with tax reform proposals, but acknowledged the health care debacle will make that task more difficult. The Standard & Poor's 500 index finished down 1.98 points, or 0.1 percent, at 2,343.98. The Dow lost 59.86 points, or 0.3 percent, to 20,596.72 as Goldman Sachs and Boeing sank. Technology companies inched higher and the Nasdaq composite rose 11.04 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,828.74. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks added 1.22 points, or 0.1 percent, to 1,354.64. Trading was relatively quiet, which may have contributed to the big fluctuations. Hospitals and insurers that do a lot of business with Medicaid celebrated the demise of the bill. HCA Holdings, the largest U.S. hospital company, climbed $2.87, or 3.5 percent, to $86.04 and Community Health Systems jumped 84 cents, or 9.7 percent, to $9.54. Among Medicaid-focused companies, Centene and Molina Healthcare each gained about 5 percent. The American Health Care Act would likely have left more Americans uninsured and would make big changes to Medicaid, a joint federal-state health program for low-income Americans. Those stocks fell when it was introduced those stocks fell because investors were concerned hospitals would have to take in more patients who lack insurance and that insurers would get less money from Medicaid. With the 2010 Affordable Care Act alive for another day, insurance companies slumped. Cigna fell $3.36, or 2.3 percent, to $142.82 and Anthem shed $2.63, or 1.6 percent, to $126.77. With Trump and majority Republicans unable to pass the first big item on their agenda, there were some signs of concern that his proposals of tax cuts, infrastructure spending, and regulatory cuts will take longer. Those are aspects of Trump's proposed agenda Wall Street is excited about. Vulcan Materials, a construction materials maker, sank $2.65, or 2.3 percent, to $112.74. Steel maker Nucor declined $1.50, or 2.4 percent, to $59.76. Construction and machinery companies also stumbled. Engine maker Cummins shed $1.45, or 1 percent, to $150.77 and Boeing sank $1.44 to $175.82. Scanlon, of Manulife, said investors want Trump and Congress to come up with a real proposal that changes corporate taxes. "Something needs to be done with a permanent solution, not just one of these holiday things," he said, because "the goal is to be a stimulus for domestic investment." Bond prices rose slightly. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.41 percent from 2.42 percent. U.S. crude oil futures rose 27 cents to $47.97 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, added 24 cents to $50.80 a barrel in London. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline gained 2 cents to $1.60 a gallon. Heating oil rose 1 cent to $1.50 a gallon. Natural gas added 3 cents to $3.08 per 1,000 cubic feet. The dollar inched down to 110.80 yen from 111.07 yen. The euro edged up to $1.0808 from $1.0786. Gold rose $1.30 to $1,248.50 an ounce. Silver jumped 16 cents to $17.75 an ounce. Copper lost 1 cent to $2.63 a pound. In Germany, the DAX added 0.2 percent and the French CAC 40 dropped 0.2 percent and Britain's FTSE 100 index dipped 0.1 percent. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index rose 0.9 percent following recent losses. The Kospi of South Korea shed 0.2 percent while Hong Kong's Hang Seng reversed earlier losses to finish 0.1 percent higher. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Register/Subscribe Subscriber Services T&G E-Edition Worcester Living E-Edition NIE Business Matters Coupon Values FAQ Photo reprints (non-commercial use) Commercial photo licenses Advertising Advertising Contacts Propel Marketing - Digital Marketplace Media Kit Place an Ad Jobs Real Estate Pets Legal Notices News Contact Us Letters to the Editor Submit a Press Release Events Copyright/Terms of Use Marketing About Us Visions Contact Us The Item The Banner Reprints & Licensing Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. telegram.com ~ 100 Front St., Floor 5, Worcester MA 01608 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Worcester Police & Fire Courts Government Education New England Nation & World Shareable Databases Region North South/West East/Valley Columnists Local Photos Local Video Sports Hometeam Red Sox Patriots Bruins Celtics Columnists Auto Racing Opinion Editorials Columnists As I See It Letters Cartoons Blogs Living Things to do Movie showtimes Entertainment Food Lifestyle Columnists Calendar Business Local Business Business Matters Business People Markets Columnists Obituaries Submit Obituary Obituary FAQ More Photos Videos TV Listings Movies Then & Now Worcester Worcester Living Hometeam Traffic Lottery The Item The Banner Services Merchants Dining Contests Branded Content Celebrations Classifieds Propel T&G Santa Woo Challenge Subscriber E-Edition Subscriber Services Register/Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Marketplace Cars Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Careers at the T&G Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Home News Metro Aurora News Aurora Biz Nation World Colorado News Obituaries Your News A-Town Blogs Opinion Sports A-Town All-Stars Aurora Prep Sports College Sports Pro Sports Guide Colorado Girls Elevated Colorado Table Wellness Music Screen Stage and Comedy Travel Aurora Homes Events A-Town Football Game of the Week Colorado Girls Elevated Search Events Submit Your Event Contact Us Newsroom Services Advertising Services Subscriber Services Colorado Girls Elevated Aurora Sentinel Colorado Table Aurora Magazine Aurora Biz Findit! Search the site Aurora, CO 39°F   Aurora Sentinel Colorado Table Aurora Magazine Aurora Biz Findit! Subscribe to a free E-dition 39°F Home News Metro Aurora News Aurora Biz Nation World Colorado News Obituaries Your News A-Town Blogs Opinion Sports A-Town All-Stars Aurora Prep Sports College Sports Pro Sports Guide Colorado Girls Elevated Colorado Table Wellness Music Screen Stage and Comedy Travel Aurora Homes Events A-Town Football Game of the Week Colorado Girls Elevated Search Events Submit Your Event Contact Us Newsroom Services Advertising Services Subscriber Services Colorado Girls Elevated Spacewalking astronauts prep station for new parking spot The 250-mile-high complex already has one docking port in place for the SpaceX Crew Dragon and Boeing Starliner, which should start carrying up astronauts as early as next year. Friday's spacewalk set the stage for a second docking location. A new docking device will fly up late this year or early next By MARCIA DUNN, AP Aerospace Writer, Updated: March 24, 2017 3:01 pm CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. | Spacewalking astronauts prepped the International Space Station on Friday for a new parking spot reserved for commercial crew capsules. The 250-mile-high complex already has one docking port in place for the SpaceX Crew Dragon and Boeing Starliner, which should start carrying up astronauts as early as next year. Friday’s spacewalk set the stage for a second docking location. A new docking device will fly up late this year or early next. NASA astronaut Shane Kimbrough disconnected all four cables from an old docking port, using some extra force on one. He looped a spare tether around the balky cable and pulled, and off it came. “Nicely done, Shane,” Mission Control radioed. This still image taken from live video provided by NASA shows astronaut Shane Kimbrough, right, works on the International Space Station during a space walk on Friday, March 24, 2017. Kimbrough and France's Thomas Pesquet emerged early from the orbiting complex, then went their separate ways to accomplish as much as possible 250 miles up. Their main job involves disconnecting an old docking port. This port needs to be moved in order to make room for a docking device compatible with future commercial crew capsules. (NASA via AP) On Sunday, flight controllers in Houston will move the old port to provide better clearance for the future ships. Then on Thursday, the crew will conduct another spacewalk to secure the unit. Until the new crew capsules come on line, U.S. astronauts will keep riding Russian rockets to orbit. As Kimbrough worked on the docking port and replaced a computer-relay box, French astronaut Thomas Pesquet hunted for signs of an ammonia coolant leak in outdoor plumbing. The leak, while still small, has worsened recently, and NASA wants to pinpoint the location. “No leaks. No flakes whatsoever,” he reported. During their 6 ½-hour excursion, the spacewalkers also replaced a pair of Japanese cameras, greased latching mechanisms on the end of the big robot arm and even tackled some extra work. Their crewmates welcomed them back inside, wearing special black glasses and face masks, after Kimbrough reported there was a yellow chalk-like substance on one of his gloves. As an added precaution, both of his gloves were bagged before they came off. NASA wants to cram in two and possibly three spacewalks before Kimbrough, the station’s commander, returns to Earth on April 10. Before a third spacewalk, Orbital ATK needs to launch a cargo ship to the space station with replacement parts. That shipment was supposed to be there by now, but repeatedly has been delayed because of rocket concerns. It’s unclear when the Atlas V rocket will be ready at Cape Canaveral, Florida. NASA has been contracting out cargo deliveries since the end of the space shuttle program in 2011. The space agency is counting on private companies to do the same with astronauts. “It will be exciting to see a new way to bring crew members into orbit,” NASA astronaut Robert Behnken said from Mission Control. He is among four astronauts training for the Dragon and Starliner test flights. Tags: ap, Boeing Starliner, cape canaveral, international space station, NASA, Orbital ATK, space exploration, spacewalkers, spacex, SpaceX Crew Dragon Top Videos FRIDAY NEWS IN A RUSH: 10 things in 60 seconds and A-TownTV NewsMinute THURSDAY NEWS IN A RUSH: 10 things in 60 seconds and A-TownTV NewsMinute WEDNESDAY NEWS IN A RUSH: 10 things in 60 seconds and A-TownTV NewsMinute McConnell warns Republicans voting against Trumpcare; rejects Trump’s foreign aid cuts and offers POTUS tweet advice — VIDEO CLIPS Trump rips NFL QB Kaepernick during speech in Kentucky — VIDEO CLIP View more Top Videos Aurora Sentinel Local news, sports & entertainment News Opinion Sports Guide Events Colorado Table Markets & Events Recipes Dining Pure Colorado Sustainable Living Drink American Buffet Aurora Magazine The Lifestyle magazine for the greater Aurora region Home Features Check Please About Us Email Newsletters Daily Headlines Prep Sports FindIt! Classified Marketplace Contact Us Newsroom Services Advertising Services Subscriber Services Make a Payment Advertising Payment Subscription Payment Call 303.750.7555 Aurora Media Group Print, Digital & Direct Marketing Solutions for Metro Aurora Colorado including Aurora Sentinel, Aurora Magazine, Buckley Guardian. Learn more © 2017 Aurora Sentinel. All rights reserved.
e-Edition Obituaries Special Sections Special Occasions Subscribe Paywall Login Login to Comment Register March 26th, 2017 Menu Home News Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Commentary Contact Local News Provincial News National News World News Stocks wobble, finish mixed as GOP pulls plug on health bill Poll Does Canada deserve more credit for carbon absorption when climate policy is being crafted? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Follow @LethHerald on twitter By Marley Jay, The Associated Press on March 24, 2017. In this Jan. 12, 2017, photo, traders work on the Mizuho Americas trading floor in New York. Stocks are opening higher on Wall Street, on Friday, March 24, 2017, led by gains in technology companies and banks. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) NEW YORK – U.S. stocks flirted with sharp losses but managed a mixed finish after Republicans cancelled a vote on their health care bill because it became clear the bill would fail. Investors didn’t trade much as they waited for answers about the state of President Donald Trump’s business-friendly agenda. For the second day in a row, stocks started higher and wilted as it became clear the health care bill was in trouble. The Dow Jones industrial average plunged as much as 126 points in afternoon trading on reports of the bill’s impending failure, although Wall Street cut its losses after the vote was cancelled. Consumer-focused companies like Nike, Starbucks and clothing company PVH rose. The health care act became something of a proxy for the rest of the Trump agenda and it dominated the market for most of this week. It was the week run for stocks since the week before the presidential election. Banks and small-company stocks, which made huge gains after Trump was elected, both suffered their biggest losses in more than a year. President Trump and other Republican leaders said they were moving on from health care, and Michael Scanlon, a portfolio manager for Manulife Asset Management, said investors will be glad if that happens. “You’re going to see a very quick pivot to corporate tax reform,” he said. A corporate tax cut could give stocks a large boost by increasing profits, and it might also raise tax revenue. After the close of trading, House Speaker Paul Ryan said Republicans will proceed with tax reform proposals, but acknowledged the health care debacle will make that task more difficult. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index finished down 1.98 points, or 0.1 per cent, at 2,343.98. The Dow lost 59.86 points, or 0.3 per cent, to 20,596.72 as Goldman Sachs and Boeing sank. Technology companies inched higher and the Nasdaq composite rose 11.04 points, or 0.2 per cent, to 5,828.74. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks added 1.22 points, or 0.1 per cent, to 1,354.64. Trading was relatively quiet, which may have contributed to the big fluctuations. Hospitals and insurers that do a lot of business with Medicaid celebrated the demise of the bill. HCA Holdings, the largest U.S. hospital company, climbed $2.87, or 3.5 per cent, to $86.04 and Community Health Systems jumped 84 cents, or 9.7 per cent, to $9.54. Among Medicaid-focused companies, Centene and Molina Healthcare each gained about 5 per cent. The American Health Care Act would likely have left more Americans uninsured and would make big changes to Medicaid, a joint federal-state health program for low-income Americans. Those stocks fell when it was introduced those stocks fell because investors were concerned hospitals would have to take in more patients who lack insurance and that insurers would get less money from Medicaid. With the 2010 Affordable Care Act alive for another day, insurance companies slumped. Cigna fell $3.36, or 2.3 per cent, to $142.82 and Anthem shed $2.63, or 1.6 per cent, to $126.77. With Trump and majority Republicans unable to pass the first big item on their agenda, there were some signs of concern that his proposals of tax cuts, infrastructure spending, and regulatory cuts will take longer. Those are aspects of Trump’s proposed agenda Wall Street is excited about. Vulcan Materials, a construction materials maker, sank $2.65, or 2.3 per cent, to $112.74. Steel maker Nucor declined $1.50, or 2.4 per cent, to $59.76. Construction and machinery companies also stumbled. Engine maker Cummins shed $1.45, or 1 per cent, to $150.77 and Boeing sank $1.44 to $175.82. Scanlon, of Manulife, said investors want Trump and Congress to come up with a real proposal that changes corporate taxes. “Something needs to be done with a permanent solution, not just one of these holiday things,” he said, because “the goal is to be a stimulus for domestic investment.” Bond prices rose slightly. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.41 per cent from 2.42 per cent. U.S. crude oil futures rose 27 cents to $47.97 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, added 24 cents to $50.80 a barrel in London. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline gained 2 cents to $1.60 a gallon. Heating oil rose 1 cent to $1.50 a gallon. Natural gas added 3 cents to $3.08 per 1,000 cubic feet. The dollar inched down to 110.80 yen from 111.07 yen. The euro edged up to $1.0808 from $1.0786. Gold rose $1.30 to $1,248.50 an ounce. Silver jumped 16 cents to $17.75 an ounce. Copper lost 1 cent to $2.63 a pound. In Germany, the DAX added 0.2 per cent and the French CAC 40 dropped 0.2 per cent and Britain’s FTSE 100 index dipped 0.1 per cent. Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 index rose 0.9 per cent following recent losses. The Kospi of South Korea shed 0.2 per cent while Hong Kong’s Hang Seng reversed earlier losses to finish 0.1 per cent higher. ___ AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/journalist/marley-jay 000000 000000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Facebook Twitter YouTube ePaper Login Subscribe Subscription Services Archive About Us The Lethbridge Herald Other Publications Food For Thought Contact Careers Contact the Lethbridge Herald 504 - 7th Street South Lethbridge, AB T1J 3Z7 [P] (403) 328-4411 [F] (403)328-4536 Print Advertising: (403) 328-4410 National Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Online Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Classifieds: (403) 328-4433 © 1996-2017 The Lethbridge Herald, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy
news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching entertainment video news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching entertainment video news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching entertainment video Space.com Spaceflight Spacewalking Astronauts Prep Space Station to Dock with Commercial Spaceships By Hanneke Weitering, Staff Writer-Producer | March 24, 2017 04:56pm ET MORE European Space Agency astronaut Thomas Pesquet is caught on camera by the International Space Station's Special Purpose Dexterous Manipulator, also known as Dextre, during EVA-40 on March 24, 2017. Credit: NASA Two astronauts wandered outside the confines of the International Space Station today (March 24), embarking on the first of three spacewalks scheduled to take place over the next few weeks. European Space Agency astronaut and flight engineer Thomas Pesquet led the way when he emerged from the station's Quest Airlock at 7:22 a.m. EDT (1122 GMT). NASA astronaut Shane Kimbrough, commander of the station's Expedition 50 crew, popped out of the airlock shortly after, and the two spacewalkers parted ways to carry out separate tasks around the orbiting lab. While Kimbrough breezed through his to-do list with enough time left for a "get-ahead" task, Pesquet's tasks kept him busy the entire time. "It was a long spacewalk," NASA spokesman Dan Huot said of the session, which took 6 hours and 34 minutes, during live commentary. NASA astronaut Peggy Whitson assisted with the spacewalk, first by helping them suit up and head out the door, and later by operating the station's robotic arm. [Space Station Photos: Expedition 50 Astronauts in Action] Thomas Pesquet takes a selfie with Shane Kimbrough in the Cupola at the International Space Station. The SpaceX Dragon cargo ship can be seen through the window. Credit: ESA/NAS The primary goals of this spacewalk and the next one, which is scheduled for March 30, are to prepare the space station for the future docking of commercial spacecraft, such as SpaceX's Crew Dragon and Boeing's CST-100 Starliner. Kimbrough was tasked with disconnecting the Pressurized Mating Adapter-3 (PMA-3), which allows different kinds spacecraft to use the space station's docking ports. This Sunday (March 26), ground crews will operate the station's Canadarm2 robotic arm to move PMA-3 from the Tranquility module to the Harmony module. During the next spacewalk, on March 30, Pesquet and Whitson will connect PMA-3 to its new home at the Harmony module, where NASA plans to install a new International Docking Adapter for commercial spacecraft by 2018. "PMA-3 provides the pressurized interface between the station modules and the docking adapter," NASA officials said in a statement. Kimbrough kicked off his spacewalk by heading to the Starboard-0 (S0) truss to replace an old, external backup computer called Multiplexer-Demultiplexer (MDM). The new computer unit, called the Enhanced Processor and Integrated Communications (EPIC MDM), has upgraded software for the new docking adapter, EVA-40 spacewalk officer Sarah Korona said during a news conference on Wednesday (March 22). Kimbrough will replace a second MDM unit with another EPIC MDM during his next spacewalk, on March 30. After replacing the MDM computers, Kimbrough made a pit stop at the airlock to drop off the old computer before moving on to PMA-3. Shane Kimbrough replaces one of the space station's external computers during his spacewalk on March 24, 2017. Credit: ESA/NASA Meanwhile, Pesquet spent his day doing maintenance unrelated to PMA-3. First, he grabbed a foot restraint from an external stowage platform before making his way over to the P1 truss to investigate a suspected ammonia leak from a radiator valve in the station's cooling system.  "We've been tracking a small rate of leakage from that ammonia system over the last year or so, and our external robotics systems have determined a most likely location where the system may be leaking," NASA Flight Director Emily Nelson said at the news conference. "It's time to get crewmember eyeballs on the area and get a human evaluation to determine whether we have any damage to the system." Pesquet jostled a set of hoses in the station's radiator heat belt monitor, the suspected source of the leak, in an effort to rattle loose any possible flakes of frozen ammonia. After looking for the leak for about 2 hours, he found no signs ammonia outside the space station. Just to be sure, he carried a high-definition GoPro camera to capture footage for ground crews to investigate the scene more closely. [Astronaut's-Eye View: Stunning Spacewalk Video from Space] With no ammonia in sight, Pesquet moved on to the space station's Special Purpose Dexterous Manipulator, also known as Dextre, which is an extension of the Canadarm2 robotic arm. The two-armed, remote-controlled robot was in need of a little routine maintenance, so Pesquet applied lubricant to the latching end effector (LEE), or the "hand" at the end of the robotic arm. He spent nearly 4 hours using the ballscrew lubrication tool to inject grease into the LEE. Things got a little messy at this point, so Pesquet had to wipe up grease that was oozing from the machine. As Pesquet worked on the robotic arm, Whitson controlled it from inside the space station. She brought Dextre closer to Pesquet, who could barely reach it even with an extended foot restraint. Peggy Whitson operated the Special Purpose Dexterous Manipulator, also known as Dextre, so Thomas Pesquet could reach it during his second spacewalk on March 24, 2017. Credit: NASA Because Kimbrough was doing better on time than Pesquet, he did his fellow spacewalker a favor by fetching a bag of tools that Pesquet would need for his work at the robotic arm, saving Pesquet an extra trip back to the airlock in between tasks. Then, Kimbrough went to the Japanese Kibo module for his "get-ahead" task, in which he replaced two cameras that had broken lights. The lights will be replaced inside the space station and can still be used in the future, but replacing them in space isn't very practical.   The two spacewalkers finally made it back to the airlock for good, ending the mission at 1:58 p.m. EDT (1758 GMT). Kimbrough completed his fifth spacewalk today, with a total of 32 hours spent doing EVAs (short for "extravehicular activities"). This was Pesquet's second spacewalk, and he now has a total of 12.5 hours of EVA experience. Shane Kimbrough replaced cameras outside the Japanese Kibo module for a "get-ahead" task after he completed his objectives during his fifth spacewalk on March 24, 2017. Credit: NASA Despite a few minor hiccups, the spacewalk was a great success, with the astronauts accomplishing every task plus one optional task. "Shane Kimbrough had some sticky connectors, and the foot restraint has been a bit unwieldy at times for Thomas Pesquet," Huot said. But nothing happened that prevented them from doing everything they needed to do. On Thursday (March 30), Kimbrough and Whitson will continue EVA work with PMA-3 while Pesquet assists from inside the station. Email Hanneke Weitering at hweitering@space.com or follow her @hannekescience. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook and Google+. Original article on Space.com. Editor's Recommendations Space Station Astronauts Poised to Tackle Three-Spacewalk Streak 'Mission:ISS' Lets You Explore Space Station & Spacewalk in Virtual Reality NASA Books More Astronaut Flights from SpaceX, Boeing Author Bio Hanneke Weitering, Staff Writer-Producer Hanneke joined the team at Space.com in the summer of 2016 as a staff writer and producer. She's a self-proclaimed science geek with a background in physics and a passion for all things out of this world! She has also written for Scholastic classroom magazines, MedPage Today, Scienceline, and Oak Ridge National Lab. After earning a degree in physics from the University of Tennessee in her home town of Knoxville, she moved to New York City and earned her graduate degree in science, health and environmental reporting from New York University. To keep up with Hanneke's latest work, follow her on Twitter, Google+, or Facebook. Hanneke Weitering, Staff Writer-Producer on Subscribe To SPACE.com Submit Follow Us HomeAbout Us Company Company Info About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Using Our Content Licensing & Reprints Terms of Use Copyright Policy Privacy Policy Network Top Ten Reviews Tom's Guide Laptop Mag Tom's Hardware Business News Daily Tom's IT Pro Space.com Live Science Active Junky ShopSavvy AnandTech FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE TO SPACE SUBMIT Copyright © All Rights Reserved.
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Stocks India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities India Elections Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Astronauts complete spacewalk to retrofit space station Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Science News | Sat Mar 25, 2017 | 1:00am IST Astronauts complete spacewalk to retrofit space station By Irene Klotz | CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. Two spacewalking astronauts ventured outside the International Space Station on Friday for a 6-1/2-hour spacewalk, the first of three to prepare the orbiting laboratory for future commercial space taxis and to tackle maintenance chores, NASA TV showed. U.S. station commander Shane Kimbrough, 49, and French flight engineer Thomas Pesquet, 39, floated outside the station's airlock as the $100 billion complex soared 250 miles (402 km) above Earth. Kimbrough, making his fifth spacewalk, first upgraded a computer relay box on the station's central beam, then worked on a docking system for new spaceships in development by Boeing and Space Exploration Technologies, or SpaceX. The U.S. National Aeronautics and Space Administration is making the retrofits in the hope that private companies will begin flying astronauts to the station by the end of 2018. This would break Russia's monopoly on crew transportation, a service that costs NASA more than $80 million per person. The first of the space taxis is scheduled for an unmanned debut test flight later this year. During Friday's spacewalk, Kimbrough disconnected four cables on a docking tunnel to be used by the new commercial space taxis. On Sunday, ground control teams will use the station's robot arm to move it onto a different module. The astronauts also lubricated part of the station's robot arm, replaced cameras on Japan's experiment platform and tackled other maintenance tasks before heading back inside the station. A second spacewalk by Pesquet and NASA astronaut Peggy Whitson is planned for Thursday to install new cables to the relocated docking tunnel. Once all the work is finished, the U.S. side of the station will have two docking ports for passenger spaceships and two for cargo ships. Russia, which jointly operates the station with NASA, has five docking ports. Also participating in the station program with research modules and equipment are Europe, Japan and Canada. During Friday's spacewalk, Pesquet inspected hoses, attachments and other components of the station's ammonia cooling system. Flight controllers are looking for the source of a small leak in the system. Pesquet, making his second spacewalk, did not see any leaking ammonia but engineers will review his video for closer scrutiny, said NASA mission commentator Gary Jordan. NASA is expected to schedule a third spacewalk once its next cargo ship arrives at the station with more items to install. Engineers are troubleshooting a problem with the cargo ship's launch vehicle. (Editing by Letitia Stein and Sandra Maler) Next In Science News Revolutionary overhaul of dinosaur family tree proposed WASHINGTON Some of the best-known dinosaurs, like Tyrannosaurus rex and Brontosaurus, may be headed for a divorce due to irreconcilable differences. Brazil ramps up domestic space satellite, rocket programs KOUROU, French Guiana Brazil is developing technology to send domestically-made satellites into space with its own rockets by the end of the decade, aerospace executives and officials said ahead of the launch of the nation's first defense and communications satellite. Ancient quakes may point to sinking risk for part of California coast SEATTLE The Big One may be overdue to hit California but scientists near Los Angeles have found a new risk for the area during a major earthquake: abrupt sinking of land, potentially below sea level. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Editor's Pick EXCLUSIVE: Short of track, Railways eyes private suppliers in blow to SAIL Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Home Lifestyle Science Astronauts complete spacewalk to retrofit space station Astronauts complete spacewalk to retrofit space station Two spacewalking astronauts ventured outside the International Space Station on Friday for a 6-1/2-hour spacewalk, the first of three to prepare the orbiting laboratory for future commercial space taxis and to tackle maintenance chores, NASA TV showed. By: Reuters | Cape Canaveral | Published: March 25, 2017 2:21 AM The first of the space taxis is scheduled for an unmanned debut test flight later this year. (NASA) Two spacewalking astronauts ventured outside the International Space Station on Friday for a 6-1/2-hour spacewalk, the first of three to prepare the orbiting laboratory for future commercial space taxis and to tackle maintenance chores, NASA TV showed. US station commander Shane Kimbrough, 49, and French flight engineer Thomas Pesquet, 39, floated outside the station’s airlock as the $100 billion complex soared 250 miles (402 km) above Earth. Kimbrough, making his fifth spacewalk, first upgraded a computer relay box on the station’s central beam, then worked on a docking system for new spaceships in development by Boeing and Space Exploration Technologies, or SpaceX. The US National Aeronautics and Space Administration is making the retrofits in the hope that private companies will begin flying astronauts to the station by the end of 2018. This would break Russia’s monopoly on crew transportation, a service that costs NASA more than $80 million per person. The first of the space taxis is scheduled for an unmanned debut test flight later this year. During Friday’s spacewalk, Kimbrough disconnected four cables on a docking tunnel to be used by the new commercial space taxis. On Sunday, ground control teams will use the station’s robot arm to move it onto a different module. The astronauts also lubricated part of the station’s robot arm, replaced cameras on Japan’s experiment platform and tackled other maintenance tasks before heading back inside the station. Today’s #spacewalk officially ends at 1:58pm ET after all scheduled tasks, plus one ‘get-ahead’ task was completed: http://t.co/FRrjhIw77o pic.twitter.com/PwNBohc8f2 — NASA (@NASA) March 24, 2017 A second spacewalk by Pesquet and NASA astronaut Peggy Whitson is planned for Thursday to install new cables to the relocated docking tunnel. Once all the work is finished, the U.S. side of the station will have two docking ports for passenger spaceships and two for cargo ships. Russia, which jointly operates the station with NASA, has five docking ports. Also participating in the station program with research modules and equipment are Europe, Japan and Canada. During Friday’s spacewalk, Pesquet inspected hoses, attachments and other components of the station’s ammonia cooling system. Flight controllers are looking for the source of a small leak in the system. Pesquet, making his second spacewalk, did not see any leaking ammonia but engineers will review his video for closer scrutiny, said NASA mission commentator Gary Jordan. NASA is expected to schedule a third spacewalk once its next cargo ship arrives at the station with more items to install. Engineers are troubleshooting a problem with the cargo ship’s launch vehicle. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now G-20 panel meeting in Varanasi to discuss inclusive growth Teenager gangraped on Facebook Live relocated to safe place TV screening of 'The Danish Girl' cancelled in India Awareness about digital transactions must for cashless economy Narendra Modi government constantly undermining Parliament, says CPI (M)'s Sitaram Yechury Return to mainstream: Bangladesh PM Sheikh Hasina to militants on Independence Day Indians regard nature as mother: Rajnath Singh Sabotage ruled out in Ordnance Factory, Khamaria explosions and fire Jail violence in Punjab: Inmates rewarded for saving lives of staffers Will implement Gujarat model of dairy development: UP minister for Dairy Development Laxmi Narayan Chaudhary Saudi Arabia permits China to set up first drone factory in Middle East Assembly Election Results 2017 Uttar pradesh Assembly Elections 2017 Punjab Assembly Elections 2017 Goa Assembly Elections 2017 Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2017 Manipur Assembly elections 2017  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Hindi News योगी आदित्‍य नाथ ने बीजेपी नेताओं से कहा- किसी तरह के ठेके ना लें, मौज मस्‍ती के लिए समय नहीं केरल के मंत्री का कथित अश्लील क्लिप आया सामने, महिला से कामुक लहजे में बात करने पर गंवानी पड़ी कुर्सी नोटबंदी में फंसे अनाथ बच्‍चों के 96,500 रुपये, पीएम को खत लिख कहा- प्‍लीज एफडी करवा दीजिए Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Mar 26, 10:56 AM EDT Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Spacewalk Preps International Space Station For New Ships To Dock By Elana Glowatz @ElanaGlow On 03/24/17 AT 4:37 PM Close We are closer than ever to being able to hail a “space taxi” and jet up to the International Space Station. Astronauts aboard the ISS went on a spacewalk Friday and prepped the space station so they can later install “the second of two parking spots for space taxis,” France-based international news service AFP has reported. Those spaceships will be used by companies like SpaceX and Boeing, which are looking to bring astronauts into orbit, perhaps as early as next year. Read: Space Debris Is Choking Earth’s Orbit Until then, Russia’s Soyuz vehicles have been taking all of the spacemen and spacewomen up there, including those from other nations. NASA had previously transported astronauts with its space shuttles — a fleet that once included Atlantis, Endeavour, Discovery and Enterprise, as well as the ill-fated Challenger and Columbia — before that program was discontinued. Spacewalkers Thomas Pesquet (left) and Shane Kimbrough meet at the Quest airlock to begin wrapping up their successful venture. Photo: NASA TV The astronauts who journeyed out in the vacuum of space to work on the parking spots, officially called International Docking Adapters, were Frenchman Thomas Pesquet and American Shane Kimbrough, who are currently living aboard the ISS. Pesquet is a flight engineer from the European Space Agency and Kimbrough is a commander on NASA’s Expedition 50. They did their job for 6.5 hours as the space station, which is as long as a football field, hurtled in orbit around the Earth. According to NASA, further spacewalks are planned for Thursday, March 30, and Thursday, April 6. In the first of those, Kimbrough will once again venture outside with NASA flight engineer Peggy Whitson. Whitson and Pesquet will take the third shift. Those spacewalks can be viewed live on NASA TV. “Spacewalkers have now spent a total of 1,236 hours and 38 minutes working outside the station during 198 spacewalks in support of assembly and maintenance of the orbiting laboratory,” NASA said. See also: NASA Makes Little Friend for Mars Rover Brown Dwarf Is the Biggest Ever Found Related Stories 4 Signs Of Extraterrestrial Life Forms The Eruptions On Dwarf Planet Ceres May Hold Clues About Extraterrestrial Life Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Most Read Business Royal Jordanian Airlines, Travelers Mock Electronics Ban Royal Jordanian Airlines suggested its passengers flying to the U.S. contemplate the meaning of life to pass the time on flights. Technology Uber Pulls Self-Driving Cars off Roads After Crash Uber has pulled its self-driven cars off the roads of Arizona, California and Pennsylvania — all the states where it operated the vehicles. World Robot Failures Mount In Fukushima Robots sent in to collect vital information at the nuclear power plant are failing in their mission, according to a nuclear watchdog. National Otters Show Intelligence Like Dolphins Their tool use skills likely date back millions of years, while similar skills only appeared in dolphins around 200 years ago. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Top News U.S. News World News Voices Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News Defense Energy Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive The Almanac Search Home / Defense News KC-46 tanker modernization program facing delays: GAO By Ryan Maass   |   March 24, 2017 at 4:28 PM Follow @upi Comments March 24 (UPI) -- The U.S. Air Force's KC-46 tanker modernization program could be facing additional delays, according to a report by the U.S. Government Accountability Office. In a 26-page report, GAO notes the project has experienced fewer engineering changes than expected, and the cost has fallen by 14 percent, or $7.3 billion. The agency adds, however, that the program is still falling behind schedule. "The aircraft is projected to meet all performance capabilities. However, Boeing experienced some problems developing the aircraft," GAO said in its report. Boeing, the prime contractor for the project, plans to deliver 18 tankers to the Air Force by Oct. 14, 2018. Deliveries are slated for 14 months later than initially planed. GAO adds flight tests delays could further push back deliveries. The KC-46 modernization program aims to replace a third of the Air Force's aging KC-135 tankers. The branch says the effort will provide enhanced cargo capacity and improved aerial refueling capabilities to support the U.S. Armed Forces and its allies. Program leaders expect to field 179 aircraft once the modernization is complete. Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram for more news from UPI.com Related UPI Stories European forces conduct aerial refueling training Belarus to get Russian Mi-8 helicopters in April GA-ASI starts testing of mid-air launch-and-recovery drone vehicles Comments Latest Headlines European forces conduct aerial refueling training 1 day ago ago March 24 (UPI) -- Air forces from Germany, Italy, France and the Netherlands began conducting air-to-air refueling exercises with tanker aircraft, military officials said. Belarus to get Russian Mi-8 helicopters in April 1 day ago ago March 24 (UPI) -- Russian Helicopters, a subsidiary of Russia's state-owned Rostec, is preparing to deliver a second batch of Mi-8 aircraft to Belarus in April. GA-ASI starts testing of mid-air launch-and-recovery drone vehicles 1 day ago ago March 24 (UPI) -- GA-ASI is continuing to develop a mid-air launch-and-recovery system for small unmanned aerial vehicles. Taiwan to build its own submarines 1 day ago ago March 24 (UPI) -- Taiwan will soon begin its own submarine production program for the country's navy, according to local media reports. USS Detroit completes combat qualification tests 1 day ago ago March 24 (UPI) -- U.S. Navy sailors recently completed the branch's mandated Combat System Ship Qualification Trials aboard the littoral combat ship USS Detroit. Trending Stories Fans remember Fisher, Reynolds at memorial service RB Adrian Peterson willing to take less money for right fit One killed, 14 injured in shooting at Cincinnati nightclub Drone records shark 'close to tasting' swimmer wearing flippers Florida man charged after eating pancakes in busy intersection PHOTOS USA wins 2017 World Baseball Classic Elizabeth Banks, Bill Hader attend 'Power Rangers' premiere in Los Angeles Restoration completed in Jerusalem's Church of the Holy Sepulchre Ryan Reynolds: Photos of the actor through the years Dax Shepard, Kristen Bell attend 'CHiPS' premiere in Los Angeles President Donald Trump: The first 100 days in photos Explore UPI Top News Entertainment News Odd News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy News Defense News UPI Archives UPI Espanol United Press International United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. Stay up to Date Login Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback Copyright © 2017 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets closed S&P 500 2,343.98 -1.98 (-0.08%) Dow 30 20,596.72 -59.86 (-0.29%) Nasdaq 5,828.74 +11.04 (+0.19%) Astronauts complete spacewalk to retrofit space station ReutersMarch 24, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share (Updates with completion of spacewalk) By Irene Klotz CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla., March 24 (Reuters) - Two spacewalking astronauts ventured outside the International Space Station on Friday for a 6-1/2-hour spacewalk, the first of three to prepare the orbiting laboratory for future commercial space taxis and to tackle maintenance chores, NASA TV showed. U.S. station commander Shane Kimbrough, 49, and French flight engineer Thomas Pesquet, 39, floated outside the station's airlock as the $100 billion complex soared 250 miles (402 km) above Earth. Kimbrough, making his fifth spacewalk, first upgraded a computer relay box on the station's central beam, then worked on a docking system for new spaceships in development by Boeing and Space Exploration Technologies, or SpaceX. The U.S. National Aeronautics and Space Administration is making the retrofits in the hope that private companies will begin flying astronauts to the station by the end of 2018. This would break Russia's monopoly on crew transportation, a service that costs NASA more than $80 million per person. The first of the space taxis is scheduled for an unmanned debut test flight later this year. During Friday's spacewalk, Kimbrough disconnected four cables on a docking tunnel to be used by the new commercial space taxis. On Sunday, ground control teams will use the station's robot arm to move it onto a different module. The astronauts also lubricated part of the station's robot arm, replaced cameras on Japan's experiment platform and tackled other maintenance tasks before heading back inside the station. A second spacewalk by Pesquet and NASA astronaut Peggy Whitson is planned for Thursday to install new cables to the relocated docking tunnel. Once all the work is finished, the U.S. side of the station will have two docking ports for passenger spaceships and two for cargo ships. Russia, which jointly operates the station with NASA, has five docking ports. Also participating in the station program with research modules and equipment are Europe, Japan and Canada. During Friday's spacewalk, Pesquet inspected hoses, attachments and other components of the station's ammonia cooling system. Flight controllers are looking for the source of a small leak in the system. Pesquet, making his second spacewalk, did not see any leaking ammonia but engineers will review his video for closer scrutiny, said NASA mission commentator Gary Jordan. NASA is expected to schedule a third spacewalk once its next cargo ship arrives at the station with more items to install. Engineers are troubleshooting a problem with the cargo ship's launch vehicle. (Editing by Letitia Stein and Sandra Maler) Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Spacewalk a success for French, US astronauts AFP Spacewalking astronauts prep station for new parking spot Associated Press Security, Parking, Garbage Irk Ivanka Trump's D.C. Neighbors Associated Press ‘They’ve Completely Taken Over.’ Ivanka Trump’s Washington Neighbors Aren’t Happy Fortune The US government's laptop ban is now in effect — here's what we know so far Business Insider What to Watch in the Markets in the Week Ahead Yahoo Finance Video How GameStop could bounce back after its epic sales miss Yahoo Finance New anxieties as Trump says Obamacare will 'explode' Associated Press Ripoff Alert: World’s Biggest Credit Score Agency Has Been Deceiving People Money Failure on health bill also hurts prospects for tax overhaul Associated Press What sets Brooklyn Decker's new business venture Finery apart from competitors Yahoo Finance Video Starbucks is reminding customers it also has food Yahoo Finance Investors haven't been this worried about a market crash in 4 years Yahoo Finance I saved $100,000 while making $30,000 a year—here are my top 5 money-saving tips CNBC Report suggests FBI has travel, business, and phone records that could tie Trump's campaign to Russia Business Insider Brooklyn Decker dishes about her new business venture Yahoo Finance Video After President So Much Winning!’ Trump Takes a Dive on Health Care Vote, Internet Calls Him a 'Loser' Pete: Of course he is a loser, he didn't even win the general election. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 5.5k
Skip to main content Home Delivery e-Edition Boston Herald Store 40°F Subscribe to the Boston Herald RSS Feed Join the Boston Herald on Facebook Join the Boston Herald on Twitter Join the Boston Herald on Google+ View Boston Herald videos on YouTube Boston Herald Herald Apps Fun & Games Obituaries Sunday, March 26, 2017 News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National U.S. Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Letters to Editor Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins College High School Columnists Soccer Golf Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Television Music People & Entertainment Weekly Lifestyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Gift Guide Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Blogs Photos Video Radio Classifieds Replay of the Day Listen Live Listen Now Watch Live On Demand Spacewalking astronauts prep station for new parking spot Associated Press Friday, March 24, 2017 Credit: The Associated Press This still image taken from live video provided by NASA shows astronaut Shane Kimbrough, right, works on the International Space Station during a space walk on Friday, March 24, 2017. Kimbrough and France's Thomas Pesquet emerged early from the orbiting complex, then went their separate ways to accomplish as much as possible 250 miles up. Their main job involves disconnecting an old docking port. This port needs to be moved in order to make room for a docking device compatible with future commercial crew capsules. (NASA via AP) comments CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. — Spacewalking astronauts prepped the International Space Station on Friday for a new parking spot reserved for commercial crew capsules. The 250-mile-high complex already has one docking port in place for the SpaceX Crew Dragon and Boeing Starliner, which should start carrying up astronauts as early as next year. Friday's spacewalk set the stage for a second docking location. A new docking device will fly up late this year or early next. NASA astronaut Shane Kimbrough disconnected all four cables from an old docking port, using some extra force on one. He looped a spare tether around the balky cable and pulled, and off it came. "Nicely done, Shane," Mission Control radioed. On Sunday, flight controllers in Houston will move the old port to provide better clearance for the future ships. Then on Thursday, the crew will conduct another spacewalk to secure the unit. Until the new crew capsules come on line, U.S. astronauts will keep riding Russian rockets to orbit. As Kimbrough worked on the docking port and replaced a computer-relay box, French astronaut Thomas Pesquet hunted for signs of an ammonia coolant leak in outdoor plumbing. The leak, while still small, has worsened recently, and NASA wants to pinpoint the location. "No leaks. No flakes whatsoever," he reported. During their 6 ½-hour excursion, the spacewalkers also replaced a pair of Japanese cameras, greased latching mechanisms on the end of the big robot arm and even tackled some extra work. Their crewmates welcomed them back inside, wearing special black glasses and face masks, after Kimbrough reported there was a yellow chalk-like substance on one of his gloves. As an added precaution, both of his gloves were bagged before they came off. NASA wants to cram in two and possibly three spacewalks before Kimbrough, the station's commander, returns to Earth on April 10. Before a third spacewalk, Orbital ATK needs to launch a cargo ship to the space station with replacement parts. That shipment was supposed to be there by now, but repeatedly has been delayed because of rocket concerns. It's unclear when the Atlas V rocket will be ready at Cape Canaveral, Florida. NASA has been contracting out cargo deliveries since the end of the space shuttle program in 2011. The space agency is counting on private companies to do the same with astronauts. "It will be exciting to see a new way to bring crew members into orbit," NASA astronaut Robert Behnken said from Mission Control. He is among four astronauts training for the Dragon and Starliner test flights. ___ Online: NASA: https://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/station/main/index.html More On: National Aeronautics and Space Administration United States government Share this Article Join the Conversation Herald Columnists Ray Flynn Flynn: Bay State shining example of political unity in partisan times John Sapochetti Sapochetti: Theo Epstein talks down being ‘world’s greatest leader’ Howie Carr Carr: Don’t cry for Chelsea Clinton Peter Gelzinis Gelzinis: Family, community in Holyoke ready to welcome long-lost son Joyce Ferriabough Bolling Bolling: Building boom must include minorities, women Bill Speros / Obnoxious Boston Fan Speros: White House visit stirring up Patriot haters Trending Now Biggest jet soon a Boston regular UMass-Lowell hockey routs Cornell, reaches NCAA regional final Speros: White House visit stirring up Patriot haters Carr: Don’t cry for Chelsea Tweets by @bostonherald ✖ Boston Herald News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National US Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Op Ed Letters to the Editor Editorials Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Columnist College Soccer Golf High School Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Music Television LifeStyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Markets More… Classifieds Radio Horoscope Lottery Crossword Contests Weather RSS Feeds Archives Log In Legal Notices Advertise Purchase Back Copies Send a News Tip Contact Us Home Delivery e-Edition Mobile Apps Herald Newsletters Send a Letter to the Editor Boston Herald In Education Mass Literacy ©Copyright by the Boston Herald and Herald Media No portion of BostonHerald.com or its content may be reproduced without the owner's written permission. Privacy Commitment Terms Of Use Top
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Spacewalk a success for French, US astronauts Kerry SHERIDAN AFPMarch 24, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share View photos ESA astronaut Thomas Pesquet works outside the International Space Station on March 24, 2017, in a framegrab taken from NASA TV (AFP Photo/Jose ROMERO)More Miami (AFP) - A French and an American astronaut floated outside the International Space Station Friday on a successful spacewalk to upgrade the orbiting outpost for the arrival of future space crews. Outfitted in bulky white spacesuits, helmets and gloves, France's Thomas Pesquet, 39, and American Shane Kimbrough, 49, completed their work right on schedule, after six hours and 34 minutes in the vacuum of space. "Another great example of international collaboration and the work that we can do when we get a great team like this together," said Jessica Meir, a NASA astronaut who coordinated the spacewalk from mission control in Houston. The goal for Friday's outing was to prepare for the installation of the second of two parking spots for space taxis, known as the International Docking Adapters. New crew spaceships, being designed by SpaceX and Boeing, will use them when they begin flying astronauts to the station in the coming years, as early as 2018. Currently, the only way the world's astronauts can reach orbit is by buying a ride aboard Russia's Soyuz capsules, at $81 million per seat. Pesquet spent the first part of his spacewalk inspecting a radiator valve suspected of a small ammonia leak, but was unable to find evidence of any problems. Then, he lubricated the space station's robotic arm, Dextre, which is employed to grab approaching cargo ships and move items around outside. Meanwhile, Kimbrough disconnected cables and electrical connections on the pressurized mating adapter (PMA-3) to prepare for its move Thursday, March 30, during another spacewalk. In its new location, it will become the home for the second of two International Docking Adapters, to be delivered on a future flight of a SpaceX Dragon cargo ship. Kimbrough also worked on installing new cameras and computer equipment outside the space station. Pesquet and Kimbrough worked separately on their tasks outside the space station, a symbol of international cooperation which has been continuously inhabited by global astronauts for the past 17 years. - 'Gee-whiz moment' - Friday's spacewalk was the second of Pesquet's career, and the fifth for Kimbrough. "Going outside is always a gee-whiz moment for me," Kimbrough said in an interview on NASA television this week, adding that it was also "really satisfying" to see Pesquet perform so well on his first spacewalk back in January. Pesquet is the fourth Frenchman to ever walk in space, and the 11th European. The next outing on March 30 will include Kimbrough and American astronaut Peggy Whitson, making the eighth spacewalk of her career. A third spacewalk on April 6 is to include Pesquet and Whitson. Next month, the 57-year-old Whitson will set a new record for spacewalks by a female astronaut, and will also break the record for most number of days spent in space by an American. The current US record of 534 days is held by NASA astronaut Jeff Williams. Russian cosmonaut Gennady Padalka holds the record for the most cumulative days ever in space, at 879 days over five career trips. Reblog Share Tweet Share Popular in the Community FBI searches for teen feared to have been abducted, gang-raped and fed to alligators 3441 reactions4%61%35% Violence erupts at pro-Trump rally on California beach 830 reactions6%62%32% Fights erupt at pro-Trump rally on California beach 11419 reactions4%63%33% 1 dead, 14 injured in shooting incident at Cincinnati nightclub 1473 reactions3%76%21% Vegas Strip shooting 50 reactions1%64%35% Deadly bus shooting hours after hotel robbery in Las Vegas 13 reactions0%64%36% Polarizing U.S. Political Climates Gives Rise to Increase Sales of ‘Luxury Bunkers’ 49 reactions4%69%27% Frank Mason's Kansas career ends without a Final Four appearance 509 reactions5%70%25% Christina El Moussa faces fans fury for 'inappropriate' bikini photo with daughter: 'What mother does this?' 2226 reactions7%60%33% Emails between allegedly kidnapped teen and former teacher reveal 'romantic interest,' says DA 179 reactions5%73%22% Photos of the day - March 25, 2017 11 reactions8%77%15% President and GOP plan next move after failing to get health care overhaul passed 28 reactions4%75%21% Arctic Marines? an Inside Look at the American Marines Training in the Harshest Elements 52 reactions5%75%20% White House official: Trump aide in charge of surrogate operations leaving post 618 reactions3%75%22% Security, Parking, Garbage Irk Ivanka Trump's D.C. Neighbors 2504 reactions4%63%33% Bill Maher Says President Trump’s Health Care Plan Was Always Bait and Switch’ 5886 reactions4%68%28% After President So Much Winning!’ Trump Takes a Dive on Health Care Vote, Internet Calls Him a 'Loser' Pete: Of course he is a loser, he didn't even win the general election. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 5.5k
Menu Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Aerospace blog Boeing layoff tally reaches 245, more expected Dan Catchpole Fri Mar 24th, 2017 5:14pm Business You must sign in or register to continue reading content. EVERETT — The Boeing Co. laid off 245 workers this month, according to a notification filed with the state. The tally includes 173 union-represented employees who were laid off March 17. It is not clear when the 72 non-union workers were laid off. The company did not immediately respond to request for comment. The 245 workers will be let go by May 19, according to the state notification. The cuts come as Boeing trims its workforce to reduce labor costs through buyouts, attrition, limited hiring freezes and layoffs. Company executives have said they want to limit layoffs. So far, they appear to be succeeding. While the company has laid off several hundred workers over the past year, its workforce has dropped by more than 13,600 since the beginning of 2016. Officials from several unions representing Boeing workers have said they expect more layoffs to be announced in April. The company is aggressively squeezing down expenses in other areas, including supplier prices, to bolster its bottom line against market pressures, including less cash coming in from its 777 program. The twin-aisle airplane was a big earner for Boeing until recent years as the company transitions from the classic 777 airplane family to its successor, the 777X. Orders have dropped for the classic 777 models. Boeing has had to offer customers steep discounts and cut 777 production. So the company is earning less on each plane and making fewer of them. The company faces other pressures to its bottom line. At the same time, company leaders have promised to significantly boost profits and cash for shareholders. Investment analysts who track Boeing say the company has to cut costs to make good on those pledges. Even after stomping down expenses, there is no consensus among Wall Street analysts that Boeing will be able to deliver so much value to investors. On March 16, the company offered a new round of buyouts to many white-collar workers around Puget Sound and in Oregon. Earlier this year, about 1,800 union workers took buyouts from Boeing. The company has not said how many non-union employees accepted the offer. Earlier this month, Boeing reported that the company’s chief executive, Dennis Muilenburg, received about $15 million in compensation in 2016, up from $13.2 million the prior year. Also, Kevin McAllister, the new head of Boeing’s commercial airplanes division, received a $2 million signing bonus after joining the company in November. He also received 120,000 Boeing shares to make up for retirement benefits and unvested stock awards he lost when he left General Electric. The Boeing shares were worth $17.8 million at the time. When the stock market opened Friday, the shares were worth $21.2 million. Dan Catchpole: 425-339-3454; dcatchpole@heraldnet.com; Twitter: @dcatchpole.   Most Read Aerospace blog Boeing layoff tally reaches 245, more expected EVERETT — The Boeing Co. laid off 245 workers this month, according… Mar 24th, 2017 by Dan Catchpole ‘Zero evidence’ of crime in Ben Keita’s death LAKE STEVENS — After weeks of renewed investigation, there is “zero evidence”… Mar 25th, 2017 by Rikki King Detectives seek witnesses to vehicular assault in Marysville MARYSVILLE — Detectives are seeking help from people who might have witnessed… Mar 25th, 2017 by Caitlin Tompkins The Pursuit NW is now home to more than 200 congregants SNOHOMISH — Five potted plants on a table helped Pastor Russell Johnson… Mar 25th, 2017 by Noah Haglund DNR considering land swap at Indian Ridge LAKE STEVENS — The state Department of Natural Resource has scheduled an… Mar 25th, 2017 by Herald Staff © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Contact Social media
We're Sorry eNCA does not support the browser you are using. Please update Internet Explorer to version 11 or higher, or download and install the Google Chrome browser No thanks I'll take my chances ... click here to view eNCA.com in this browser. 21 °C 12 °C Johannesburg, South Africa 23 °C 13 °C Pretoria, South Africa 23 °C 13 °C Cape Town, South Africa 22 °C 17 °C Durban, South Africa 19 °C 13 °C Mbombela, South Africa 25 °C 11 °C Bloemfontein, South Africa 21 °C 13 °C Polokwane, South Africa 23 °C 15 °C Port Elizabeth, South Africa 23 °C 15 °C East London, South Africa 32 °C 13 °C Upington, South Africa 27 °C 13 °C Mahikeng, South Africa Change City Johannesburg Pretoria Cape Town Durban Mbombela Bloemfontein Polokwane Port Elizabeth East London Upington Mahikeng Newsletters News Stream TV Guide Story At the mercy of gangs Story Moses Tladi's art unearthed Story MAP: F1 race schedule for 2017 Top Stories Video Radio South Africa Africa World Money Sport Technology Life Opinion Weather Interviews Podcasts Comment Now! Astronauts complete Friday spacewalk tasks Technology Friday 24 March 2017 - 7:22pm This framegrab taken from NASA TV shows ESA astronaut Thomas Pesquet working outside the International Space Station on March 24, 2017. Photo: Jose Romero / NASA TV / AFP MIAMI – A French and an American astronaut floated outside the International Space Station Friday for a spacewalk to upgrade the orbiting outpost for the arrival of future space crews. The spacewalk by France's Thomas Pesquet, 39, and American Shane Kimbrough, 49, officially began at 7:24 am (1124 GMT) when the duo switched their spacesuits to internal battery power. Pesquet and Kimbrough worked separately as they prepared to install new docking ports for the next generation of commercial spacecraft and do some minor space station repairs and maintenance. The new crew spaceships, being designed by SpaceX and Boeing, should begin flying astronauts to the station in the coming years, as early as 2018.   All scheduled tasks for today’s #spacewalk have been completed. @Space_Station astronauts begin cleaning up. Watch: https://t.co/mzKW5uDsTi pic.twitter.com/CBaLD5NCn5 — NASA (@NASA) March 24, 2017   Currently, the only way the world's astronauts can reach orbit is by buying a ride aboard Russia's Soyuz capsules, at $81 million per seat. 'Gee-whiz moment'  Friday's spacewalk is the second of Pesquet's career, and the fifth for Kimbrough. "Going outside is always a gee-whiz moment for me," Kimbrough said in an interview on NASA television this week, adding that it was also "really satisfying" to see Pesquet perform so well on his first spacewalk back in January. On Thursday, Pesquet wrote on Twitter: "Feeling prepared for my second spacewalk tomorrow!" Pesquet is the fourth Frenchman to ever walk in space, and the 11th European.   Just like you have to replace lights in your home, @Space_Station needs maintenance too. Watch #spacewalk live now: https://t.co/mzKW5uDsTi pic.twitter.com/3zJces1swN — NASA (@NASA) March 24, 2017   The goal for Friday's 6.5 hour spacewalk was to prepare for the installation of the second of two parking spots for space taxis, known as the International Docking Adapter. Pesquet spent the first half of his spacewalk inspecting a radiator valve suspected of a small ammonia leak, but was unable to find evidence of any problems. Meanwhile, Kimbrough disconnected cables and electrical connections on the pressurized mating adapter (PMA-3) to prepare for its move Thursday, March 30, during another spacewalk. In its new location, it will become the home for the second of two International Docking Adapters, to be delivered on a future flight of a SpaceX Dragon cargo ship. Kimbrough also worked on installing new cameras and computer equipment outside the space station, while Pesquet lubricated the space station's robotic arm. More spacewalks The next outing on March 30 will include Kimbrough and American astronaut Peggy Whitson, making the eighth spacewalk of her career. A third spacewalk on April 6 is to include Pesquet and Whitson, who will surpass the record for spacewalks by a female astronaut.   The robotic arm is guided toward @Thom_Astro by @AstroPeggy from inside @Space_Station. Watch live: https://t.co/mzKW5uDsTi pic.twitter.com/qZdprnWqVL — NASA (@NASA) March 24, 2017   Later in April, the 57-year-old Whitson will also break the record for most number of days spent in space by an American astronaut. The current US record of 534 days is held by astronaut Jeff Williams. Russian cosmonaut Gennady Padalka holds the record for the most cumulative days ever in space, at 879 days over five career trips. AFP Comment Now! Discussion Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. RELATED STORIES Spacewalking astronauts to upgrade orbiting lab 24 March 2017 The spacewalk will be the latest in a series of outings to install new docking ports for the next generation of commercial spacecraft. Spacewalking astronauts upgrade orbiting lab's power grid 13 January 2017 NASA describes the lithium-ion batteries as critical long-term upgrades to the space station’s solar power system. Two US astronauts on spacewalk to upgrade ISS 06 January 2017 The pair will install adapter plates and electrical connections for three of six new lithium-ion batteries installed on the station's truss. Trending 1Trump losing streak continues as Obamacare bluff is called 2Miss South Africa 2017 to be crowned 3INTERVIEW: ANC veteran Khulu Mbatha speaks on partys challenges 4Steve Harvey Show presents four year old worship leader 5Two arrested with large sum of cash in Northern Cape Full coverage Turmoil at the SABC ConCourt dismisses SABC8 case The Sassa grant payments debacle All systems go for social grant payments: Dept of Social Development Israeli/Palestinian conflict Hamas shuts Gaza crossing with Israel after official's assassination Vavi's fall from Cosatu Vavi not looking to settle political scores with new union View All Cartoon Currencies Commodities JSE Indices US Dollar 12.437 0.0336 GB Pound 15.5088 0.0998 Euro 13.4348 0.0132 View More Data delayed by at least 15 minutes. ICE Brent Crude $ 50.97 0.91 Gold $ 1245.01 -0.26 Platinum $ 963.5 -0.1 View More Data delayed by at least 15 minutes. FTSE/JSE Top 40 44662.59 0 FTSE/JSE All Share 51816.31 0 FTSE/JSE Resource 10 30503.48 0 View More Data delayed by at least 15 minutes. SECTIONS Top Stories South Africa Africa World Money Sport Life Technology Opinion SHOWS #Africa Against All Odds CheckPoint eNCA Afrikaans eNCA isiZulu eNews Direct eShibobo Judge For Yourself Maggs on Media Meet the Media with Eusebius Mckasier Moneyline The Justice Factor Week In One ABOUT About Contact Jobs News Team Privacy Policy Press Releases Licensing Discussions Policy Advertise on eNCA.com WATCH US ON 24h Live Stream DSTV 403 e.tv africa eNews Direct eNuus Kyknet FOLLOW US ON Twitter Facebook Youtube RSS Feeds © 2016 eNews Channel Africa. All rights reserved NEWS STREAMclose View All News Stream 0 eNCA.com would like to send you push notifications. Notifications can be turned off any time in your browser settings. Yes, please. No, thanks. You have been registered for browser notifications Click here to find out how to turn notifcations off in browser settings. Close
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 March 2017 by Military News Surface-To-Air Missiles Market 2017 United States and Global Players, Types and Applications and Forecast to 2022 Surface-To-Air Missiles United States and Global Market Status, Players, Types, Applications and Forecast to 2022 PUNE, INDIA, March 24, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — This report studies the Surface-To-Air Missiles on United States and global market, focuses on the top players in US market and also the market status and outlook by type and application. Geographically, this report is segmented into several key regions, with sales, revenue, market share (%) and growth Rate (%) of Surface-To-Air Missiles in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe Asia-Pacific South America Middle East and Africa Request a sample report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1119818-2017-2022-surface-to-air-missiles-report-on-united-states-and The major players in United States Surface-To-Air Missiles market include Boeing, BAE Systems, Lockheed Martin, General Dynamics, General Electric, Northrop Grumman, Honeywell, Airbus, Raytheon, Pratt & Whitney, Rolls-Royce. The On the basis of product, the Surface-To-Air Missiles market is primarily split into High-Altitude Missile Hollow Missile Low Altitude Missile On the basis on the end users/applications, this report covers Military Use Air Defense Others Complete report details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1119818-2017-2022-surface-to-air-missiles-report-on-united-states-and Key points in table of content 1 Methodology and Data Source 1.1 Methodology/Research Approach 1.1.1 Research Programs/Design 1.1.2 Market Size Estimation 1.1.3 Market Breakdown and Data Triangulation 1.2 Data Source 2.1.1 Secondary Sources 2.1.2 Primary Sources 1.3 Disclaimer 2 Surface-To-Air Missiles Market Overview 2.1 Surface-To-Air Missiles Product Overview 2.2 Surface-To-Air Missiles Segment by Types (Product Category) 2.2.1 United States Surface-To-Air Missiles Sales and Growth (%) Comparison by Types (Product Category) (2012-2022) 2.2.2 United States Surface-To-Air Missiles Sales Market Share (%) by Types (Product Category) in 2016 2.2.3 High-Altitude Missile 2.2.4 Hollow Missile 2.2.5 Low Altitude Missile 2.3 United States Surface-To-Air Missiles Segment by Applications 2.3.1 United States Surface-To-Air Missiles Sales (K Sets) Comparison by Applications (2012-2022) 2.3.2 Military Use 2.3.3 Air Defense 2.3.4 Others 2.4 Global Surface-To-Air Missiles Market Comparison by Regions (2012-2022) 2.4.1 Global Surface-To-Air Missiles Market Size and Growth (%) Comparison by Regions (2012-2022) 2.4.2 North America Surface-To-Air Missiles Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 2.4.3 Asia-Pacific Surface-To-Air Missiles Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 2.4.4 Europe Surface-To-Air Missiles Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 2.4.5 South America Surface-To-Air Missiles Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 2.4.6 Middle East and Africa Surface-To-Air Missiles Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 2.5 Global Surface-To-Air Missiles Market Size (2012-2022) 2.5.1 Global Surface-To-Air Missiles Revenue (Million USD) Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 2.5.2 Global Surface-To-Air Missiles Sales (K Sets) Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 2.6 United States Surface-To-Air Missiles Market Size (2012-2022) 2.6.1 United States Surface-To-Air Missiles Revenue (Million USD) Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 2.6.2 United States Surface-To-Air Missiles Sales (K Sets) Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 3 United States Surface-To-Air Missiles Market Competition by Players/Manufacturers 3.1 United States Surface-To-Air Missiles Sales (K Sets) and Share by Players (2012-2017) 3.2 United States Surface-To-Air Missiles Revenue (Million USD) and Share by Players (2012-2017) 3.3 United States Surface-To-Air Missiles Average Price (USD/Set) by Players (2012-2017) 3.4 Players Surface-To-Air Missiles Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area, Product Types 3.5 Surface-To-Air Missiles Market Competitive Situation and Trends 3.5.1 Surface-To-Air Missiles Market Concentration Rate 3.5.2 Surface-To-Air Missiles Market Share (%) of Top 3 and Top 5 Players 3.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion 4 Global Surface-To-Air Missiles Market Comparison by Regions 4.2 Global Surface-To-Air Missiles Sales (K Sets) and Market Share (%) by Regions (2012-2017) 4.3 Global Surface-To-Air Missiles Revenue (Million USD) and Market Share (%) by Regions (2012-2017) 4.3 Global Surface-To-Air Missiles Sales (K Sets), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Set) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 4.5 North America Surface-To-Air Missiles Sales (K Sets), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Set) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 4.6 Europe Surface-To-Air Missiles Sales (K Sets), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Set) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 4.7 Asia-Pacific Surface-To-Air Missiles Sales (K Sets), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Set) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 4.8 South America Surface-To-Air Missiles Sales (K Sets), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Set) and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 4.9 Middle East and Africa Surface-To-Air Missiles Sales (K Sets), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Set) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 5 United States Surface-To-Air Missiles Sales, Revenue, Price Trend by Types 5.1 United States Surface-To-Air Missiles Sales (K Sets) and Market Share (%) by Types (2012-2017) 5.2 United States Surface-To-Air Missiles Revenue and Market Share (%) by Types (2012-2017) 5.3 United States Surface-To-Air Missiles Price (USD/Set) by Type (2012-2017) 5.4 High-Altitude Missile 5.4.1 United States High-Altitude Missile Sales (K Sets) and Growth Rate (%) (2012-2017) 5.4.2 United States High-Altitude Missile Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (%) (2012-2017) 5.5 Hollow Missile 5.5.1 United States Hollow Missile Sales (K Sets) and Growth Rate (%) (2012-2017) 5.5.2 United States Hollow Missile Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (%) (2012-2017) 5.6 Low Altitude Missile 6 United States Surface-To-Air Missiles Market Analysis by Applications 6.1 United States Surface-To-Air Missiles Sales (K Sets) and Market Share (%) by Applications (2012-2017) 6.2 United States Surface-To-Air Missiles Sales Growth Rate (%) by Applications (2012-2017) 6.3 Military Use Sales Growth Rate 6.4 Air Defense Sales Growth Rate 6.5 Others Sales Growth Rate 7 United States Surface-To-Air Missiles Players Profiles/Analysis Get this report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1119818 Contact US: NORAH TRENT Partner Relations & Marketing Manager sales@wiseguyreports.com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) Norah Trent wiseguyreports +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 email us here CategoriesUncategorized Tagsbase, defense, general, major, Markets, military, missile, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Gesture Recognition and Touch-less Sensing Market Forecast 2022 by Major Players Next PostNext Global Electronic Waste Recycling Market by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast 2017 to 2022 Search Recent Posts Oil Insurance Limited (OIL) dichiara un dividendo di 250 milioni di dollari e apporta piccoli cambiamenti al suo piano di rating e premi External Remote Patient Monitoring Devices Market Well Prepared To Meet Futuristic Demands Of Healthcare At Home – MarketIntelReports Oil Insurance Limited (OIL) déclare un dividende de 250 millions USD et apporte des modifications mineures à son plan de notation et de primes Intermittent Catheters Market Planning To Make The Most Of The Cost-Effectiveness Provided By Hydrophilic Coated Models – MarketIntelReports The First Group Showcases Unparalleled Opportunities in Dubai’s Booming Property Sector to Chinese Investors Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧World News Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / World News Sat, Mar 25, 2017 - Page 7　News List Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp Spacewalking French, US astronauts to upgrade ISS NEXT GENERATION:The upgrade is to enable new commercial spaceships, designed by SpaceX and Boeing, to dock with the International Space Station AFP, MIAMI, FLORIDA A live feed screened in a classroom at a school in Paris’ 19th District shows French astronaut Thomas Pesquet addressing students from the International Space Station on Monday. Photo: AFP A French and a US astronaut were yesterday scheduled to float outside the International Space Station (ISS) for a spacewalk aimed at upgrading the orbiting outpost for the arrival of space crews. The spacewalk by France’s Thomas Pesquet, 39, and American Shane Kimbrough, 49, was to be the latest in a series of outings to install new docking ports for the next generation of commercial spacecraft. The new crew spaceships, under design by SpaceX and Boeing, should begin flying astronauts to the station in the coming years, as early as next year. The only way astronauts can reach orbit is by buying a ride aboard Russia’s Soyuz capsules, at US$81 million per seat. The goals for yesterday’s spacewalk included preparing for the installation of the second of two parking spots for space taxis, known as the International Docking Adapter. The pair of spacewalkers “will disconnect cables and electrical connections on the pressurized mating adapter [PMA-3] to prepare for its robotic move Thursday, March 30” during another spacewalk, NASA said in a statement. The mating adapter equipment “will be moved from the port side of the Tranquility module to the space-facing side of the Harmony module.” In its new location, it will become the home for the International Docking Adapter, to be delivered on a future flight of a SpaceX Dragon cargo ship. Pesquet and Kimbrough were also planning to install new computer equipment outside the space station, and were to lubricate and inspect the space station’s robotic arm, used to grab approaching spacecraft and move items outside the global laboratory. Other tasks included inspecting a radiator valve suspected of a small ammonia leak and replacing cameras on the Japanese segment of the outpost, the US space agency said. The spacewalk was to be Pesquet’s second and Kimbrough’s fifth. The next outing on Thursday is to include Kimbrough and US astronaut Peggy Whitson, making the eighth such outing of her career. A third spacewalk on April 6 is to include Pesquet and Whitson, who is to surpass the record for spacewalks by any female astronauts. Later in April, the 57-year-old Whitson is to break the record for most days spent in space by a US astronaut. The current US record of 534 days is held by astronaut Jeff Williams. Russian cosmonaut Gennady Padalka holds the record for the most cumulative days ever in space, at 879 days over five career trips. This story has been viewed 2094 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2017-03-19 to 2017-03-26 Most read Most e-mailed 1 Some immigrants no longer need to give up citizenship 2 Study: Vitamin D could prevent common cold 研究：維生素D可預防感冒 3 Taiwan-Japan relations are a priority: president 4 USING IDIOMS 活用成語 5 Lawmakers urge efforts to attract S Koreans MORE  1 Tsai is world’s 8th-greatest leader: ‘Fortune’ 2 The 60th anniversary of the EU 3 Search on for Taiwanese hikers in Nepal 4 Some immigrants no longer need to give up citizenship 5 KMT claims ex-Japanese assets as compensation MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2017 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR . . Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR TERRA DAILY ENERGY NEWS MARS DAILY GPS DAILY SEED DAILY WIND DAILY DISASTER NEWS SOLAR ENERGY MEDICAL NEWS NUCLEAR NEWS OIL & GAS NEWS BIO FUEL DAILY JAPAN NEWS Delta IV rocket launches military communications satellite by Allen Cone Cape Canaveral FL (UPI) Mar 19, 2017 A Delta IV rocket, carrying a $445 million U.S. military satellite, blasted off from Cape Canaveral, Fla., on Saturday after a 34-minute delay. The 22-story rocket, built and flown by United Launch Alliance, took off at from Launch Complex 37 at 8:18 p.m. EDT on Saturday evening, powered by a thrust of 1.7 million pounds. The delay was due to a problem with ULA ground support equipment. ULA is a partnership between Lockheed Martin Corp and Boeing Co. At 9 p.m., the rocket deployed the military's ninth Wideband Global Satcom satellite, built by Boeing. The satellite is positioned 22,000 miles above the equator. The 10th and final satellite is targeted to launch in late 2018. The WGS network serves military communications on ships and aircraft, as well as the Department of State, the White House and select partners worldwide. "WGS provides anytime, anywhere communications for soldiers, sailors, airmen, Marines and international partners through broadcast, multicast and point-to-point connections," said Robert Tarleton, director of the Military Satellite Communications Systems Directorate at Air Force Space Command in Los Angeles. In exchange for part-time use of the WGS network, four countries -- Canada, Denmark, Luxembourg, the Netherlands and New Zealand -- paid for the $442 million cost to manufacture WGS-9. Australia paid for the WGS-6 spacecraft, which was launched in 2013. On Thursday, SpaceX launched a Falcon 9 rocket carrying a communications satellite from Kennedy Space Center's pad 39A. Tweet Harris radio system gains NSA certification Washington (UPI) Mar 13, 2017 Harris Corporation's new Falcon III RF-300H wideband HF manpack radio system has received certification from the U.S. National Security Agency. The NSA Type-1 certification allows the system to transmit classified images, maps and other data files from beyond-line-of-sight environments, the company announced Monday. "This RF-300H NSA certification allows us to continue providing ... read more Related Links Read the latest in Military Space Communications Technology at SpaceWar.com Comment using your Disqus, Facebook, Google or Twitter login. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Share this article via these popular social media networks del.icio.us Digg Reddit Google Russia to Build First New-Generation 'Federation' Spacecraft by 2021 NASA Selects New Research Teams to Further Solar System Research Two more spacewalks for Thomas Pesquet Trump's budget would cut NASA asteroid mission, earth science SpaceX cargo ship returns to Earth Hitting the brakes at Alpha Centauri N. Korea's Kim hails engine test as 'new birth' for rocket industry N.Korea rocket test shows 'meaningful progress': South Does Mars Have Rings? Not Right Now, But Maybe One Day ExoMars: science checkout completed and aerobraking begins Mars Rover Tests Driving, Drilling and Detecting Life in Chile's High Desert Opportunity Driving South to Gully China Develops Spaceship Capable of Moon Landing Long March-7 Y2 ready for launch of China's first cargo spacecraft China Seeks Space Rockets Launched from Airplanes Riding an asteroid: China's next space goal OneWeb Satellites breaks ground on high-volume satellite manufacturing facility Globalsat Sky and Space Global sign MoU for testing and offering satellite service in Latin America Start-Ups at the Final Frontier Russia probes murder of senior space official in jail Using lasers to create ultra-short pulses The strangeness of slow dynamics Ecosystem For Near-Earth Space Control Airbus ships first high-power all-electric EUTELSAT 172B satellite to Kourou for Eutelsat Visualizing debris disk "roller derby" to understand planetary system evolution Protostar blazes bright, reshaping its stellar nursery Operation of ancient biological clock uncovered Fossil or inorganic structure? Scientists dig into early life forms Scientists make the case to restore Pluto's planet status ESA's Jupiter mission moves off the drawing board NASA Mission Named 'Europa Clipper' Juno Captures Jupiter Cloudscape in High Resolution Memory Foam Mattress Review SPACE MEDIA NETWORK PROMOTIONS Solar Energy Solutions Tempur-Pedic Mattress Comparison ... Newsletters :: SpaceDaily :: SpaceWar :: TerraDaily :: Energy Daily XML Feeds :: Space News :: Earth News :: War News :: Solar Energy News The content herein, unless otherwise known to be public domain, are Copyright 1995-2017 - Space Media Network. All websites are published in Australia and are solely subject to Australian law and governed by Fair Use principals for news reporting and research purposes. AFP, UPI and IANS news wire stories are copyright Agence France-Presse, United Press International and Indo-Asia News Service. ESA news reports are copyright European Space Agency. All NASA sourced material is public domain. Additional copyrights may apply in whole or part to other bona fide parties. Advertising does not imply endorsement, agreement or approval of any opinions, statements or information provided by Space Media Network on any Web page published or hosted by Space Media Network. Privacy Statement
Home Lifestyle Astro Guide Culture Faith Fashion Food Health Young Life Community News Global South Asia Local National Columnists Health Legal Video Photo Gallery Events Community Events Contact About Us Contact form Distribution Subscribe Submit News and Pictures Classifieds – Main Browse Ads Edit Classified Book Classified Advertise Trump faces make-or-break health care vote Indian airline bars lawmaker after shoe attack Spacewalking French, US astronauts begin upgrade to orbiting lab IACCGH honors Asif Dakri on his appointment to FDIC Advisory Committee Home » Featured » Spacewalking French, US astronauts begin upgrade to orbiting lab Spacewalking French, US astronauts begin upgrade to orbiting lab   A French and an American astronaut floated outside the International Space Station Friday for a spacewalk to upgrade the orbiting outpost for the arrival of future space crews. The spacewalk by France’s Thomas Pesquet, 39, and American Shane Kimbrough, 49, officially began at 7:24 am (1124 GMT) when the duo switched their spacesuits to internal battery power. Pesquet and Kimbrough worked separately as they prepared to install new docking ports for the next generation of commercial spacecraft and do some minor space station repairs and maintenance. The new crew spaceships, being designed by SpaceX and Boeing, should begin flying astronauts to the station in the coming years, as early as 2018. Currently, the only way the world’s astronauts can reach orbit is by buying a ride aboard Russia’s Soyuz capsules, at $81 million per seat. – ‘Gee-whiz moment’ – Friday’s spacewalk is the second of Pesquet’s career, and the fifth for Kimbrough. “Going outside is always a gee-whiz moment for me,” Kimbrough said in an interview on NASA television this week, adding that it was also “really satisfying” to see Pesquet perform so well on his first spacewalk back in January. On Thursday, Pesquet wrote on Twitter: “Feeling prepared for my second spacewalk tomorrow!” Pesquet is the fourth Frenchman to ever walk in space, and the 11th European. The goal for Friday’s 6.5 hour spacewalk was to prepare for the installation of the second of two parking spots for space taxis, known as the International Docking Adapter. Pesquet spent the first half of his spacewalk inspecting a radiator valve suspected of a small ammonia leak, but was unable to find evidence of any problems. Meanwhile, Kimbrough disconnected cables and electrical connections on the pressurized mating adapter (PMA-3) to prepare for its move Thursday, March 30, during another spacewalk. In its new location, it will become the home for the second of two International Docking Adapters, to be delivered on a future flight of a SpaceX Dragon cargo ship. Kimbrough also worked on installing new cameras and computer equipment outside the space station, while Pesquet lubricated the space station’s robotic arm. – More spacewalks – The next outing on March 30 will include Kimbrough and American astronaut Peggy Whitson, making the eighth spacewalk of her career. A third spacewalk on April 6 is to include Pesquet and Whitson, who will surpass the record for spacewalks by a female astronaut. Later in April, the 57-year-old Whitson will also break the record for most number of days spent in space by an American astronaut. The current US record of 534 days is held by astronaut Jeff Williams. Russian cosmonaut Gennady Padalka holds the record for the most cumulative days ever in space, at 879 days over five career trips. international space station Spacewalking French US astronauts More news SpaceX cargo ship arrives at space station » 23 February, 2017 // National, News Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment Latest News and Stories As US takes aim at immigration, musicians feel the pinch Aircraft sales again lift US durable goods in February Trump faces make-or-break health care vote Chef Vikas Khanna's New Style Of Coffee Archives March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 June 2015 December 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 June 2012 May 2012 February 2002 © All right reserved - Voice of Asia Online by Grenix
Las Vegas Sun March 26, 2017 Currently: 57° — Complete forecast Las Vegas Sun The Sunday News Vegas INC Opinion Sports Politics Entertainment Las Vegas Weekly Events Sports betting UNLV sports Gaming Vegas Golden Knights Smith's World HS sports awards nomination Newsletter signup Spacewalking astronauts prep station for new parking spot NASA / AP This still image taken from live video provided by NASA shows astronaut Shane Kimbrough, right, works on the International Space Station during a space walk on Friday, March 24, 2017. By Marcia Dunn, Associated Press Friday, March 24, 2017 | 9:05 a.m. CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. — Spacewalking astronauts prepped the International Space Station on Friday for a new parking spot reserved for commercial crew capsules. The 250-mile-high complex already has one docking port in place for the SpaceX Crew Dragon and Boeing Starliner, which should start carrying up astronauts as early as next year. Friday's spacewalk set the stage for a second docking location. NASA astronaut Shane Kimbrough disconnected all four cables from an old docking port, using some extra force on one. He looped a spare tether around the balky cable and pulled, and off it came. "Nicely done, Shane," Mission Control radioed. On Sunday, flight controllers in Houston will move the old port to a location that will provide better clearance for the future ships. Then next Thursday, the crew will conduct another spacewalk to secure the unit. A new docking device — similar to one installed last summer — will fly up late this year or early next, and hook onto this port. Until the new crew capsules come on line, U.S. astronauts will have to keep riding Russian rockets to orbit. As Kimbrough worked on the docking port and replaced a computer-relay box, Pesquet hunted for signs of an ammonia coolant leak in outdoor plumbing. The leak, while still small, has worsened recently, and NASA wants to pinpoint the location. Pesquet patted and tugged at hoses, but did not spot any frozen flakes of ammonia. A GoPro camera caught his every move for playback later. "No leaks. No flakes whatsoever," he reported. Also on the spacewalkers' to-do list Friday: replace a pair of Japanese cameras and grease latching mechanisms on the end of the big robot arm. NASA wants to cram in two and possibly three spacewalks before Kimbrough, the station's commander, returns to Earth on April 10. Before a third spacewalk can be conducted, Orbital ATK needs to launch a cargo ship to the space station with replacement parts. That shipment was supposed to be there by now, but repeatedly has been delayed because of rocket concerns. It's unclear when the Atlas V rocket will be ready to soar from Cape Canaveral, Florida. NASA has been contracting out cargo deliveries since the end of the space shuttle program in 2011. The space agency is counting on private companies to do the same with astronauts. Most Popular Viewed Trending Poker tables keep decreasing on Nevada casino floors Strip reopens after lengthy standoff with ‘delusional’ gunman on bus EU puts pen to paper, signs unity pledge on 60th anniversary NYC says Trump Tower resident wrongly rented out on Airbnb ‘SNL’ star doesn’t back away from Boston racism comment Complete Listing » Complete Listing » Complete Listing » Connect with Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Tumblr Email Edition RSS Scene in Las Vegas Music: Chris Stapleton in town for ACM weekend Dining: The Ultimate Vegas Brunch Guide Strip: Avengers assemble at TI attraction Featured Galleries Bus Shooter on Strip Golden Knights Practice Facility Tour Marty Allen’s 95th Birthday Show More photos » AP Headlines Calendar 26 Sun 27 Mon 28 Tue 29 Wed 30 Thu Spinning Into Butter Art Square Unique Massive Double Down Saloon Michael Jackson One by Cirque du Soleil Mandalay Bay Resort & Casino All events on Sunday » Unlock Your Mondays Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas <em>Le Rêve – The Dream</em> Le Reve Theater Michael Jackson One by Cirque du Soleil Mandalay Bay Resort & Casino All events on Monday » Raiding the Rock Vault Vinyl Nickel Beer Night The Beauty Bar Unique Massive Double Down Saloon All events on Tuesday » Britney Spears Planet Hollywood Rooftop Party at Topgolf Topgolf Las Vegas, 4627 Koval Lane, Las Vegas, 89109 | 9 p.m. to 11:59 p.m. Tenors of Rock Harrah's | 8 p.m. to 10 p.m. All events on Wednesday » CinemaCon 2017 Caesars Palace Vegas Food Expo 2017 Gold Coast Casino Amplified The Artisan Hotel | 8 p.m. to midnight All events on Thursday » News Entertainment Opinion Sports Politics Vegas INC - Business U.S. & World Today's Paper Jobs Locally owned and independent since 1950; Winner of the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service, best news website in the nation & DuPont Award for broadcast journalism About Us Contact Us Advertising FAQ User Agreement Awards Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Mobile Greenspun Media Group Vegas Inc Las Vegas Weekly Las Vegas Magazine SMP Vegas © Las Vegas Sun, 2017, All Rights Reserved Las Vegas Sun 2275 Corporate Circle, Ste. 300 Henderson, NV 89074
Search News 9Honey Finance Sport TV Celebrity Fashion & Beauty Homes Diet & Fitness Recipes Travel Viral More 9News NATIONAL LOCAL NSW VIC QLD SA WA NT TAS CANBERRA GOLD COAST ILLAWARRA NSW CENTRAL WEST RIVERINA WORLD 9RAW WEATHER MORE Politics Health 6PM News Finance Technology Your Say Sport Entertainment Meet the team Crime Good News Buzz 60 Minutes Contact Us 9Stories A Current Affair 60 Minutes Today Inside Story Send us a story, photo or video 9news › world › Spacewalking French, US astronauts begin upgrade to orbiting lab World 12:12am March 25, 2017 Spacewalking French, US astronauts begin upgrade to orbiting lab By AFP A French and an American astronaut floated outside the International Space Station Friday for a spacewalk to upgrade the orbiting outpost for the arrival of future space crews. The spacewalk by France's Thomas Pesquet, 39, and American Shane Kimbrough, 49, officially began at 7:24 am (1124 GMT) when the duo switched their spacesuits to internal battery power. Pesquet and Kimbrough will work separately for most of the six-and-a-half hour spacewalk as they prepare to install new docking ports for the next generation of commercial spacecraft and do some minor space station repairs and maintenance. The new crew spaceships, being designed by SpaceX and Boeing, should begin flying astronauts to the station in the coming years, as early as 2018. Currently, the only way the world's astronauts can reach orbit is by buying a ride aboard Russia's Soyuz capsules, at $81 million per seat. - 'Gee-whiz moment' - Friday's spacewalk is the second of Pesquet's career, and the fifth for Kimbrough. "Going outside is always a gee-whiz moment for me," Kimbrough said in an interview on NASA television this week, adding that it was also "really satisfying" to see Pesquet perform so well on his first spacewalk back in January. On Thursday, Pesquet wrote on Twitter: "Feeling prepared for my second spacewalk tomorrow!" Pesquet is the fourth Frenchman to ever walk in space, and the 11th European. Friday's goal is to prepare for the installation of the second of two parking spots for space taxis, known as the International Docking Adapter. The spacewalkers "will disconnect cables and electrical connections on the pressurized mating adapter (PMA-3) to prepare for its robotic move Thursday, March 30" during another spacewalk, NASA said in a statement. The mating adapter equipment "will be moved from the port side of the Tranquility module to the space-facing side of the Harmony module." In its new location, it will become the home for the International Docking Adapter, to be delivered on a future flight of a SpaceX Dragon cargo ship. Pesquet and Kimbrough also plan to install new computer equipment outside the space station, and will lubricate and inspect the space station's robotic arm, used to grab approaching spacecraft and move items outside the global laboratory. Other tasks include inspecting a radiator valve suspected of a small ammonia leak and replacing cameras on the Japanese segment of the outpost, the US space agency said. - More spacewalks - The next outing on March 30 will include Kimbrough and American astronaut Peggy Whitson, making the eighth spacewalk of her career. A third spacewalk on April 6 is to include Pesquet and Whitson, who will surpass the record for spacewalks by any female astronauts. Later in April, the 57-year-old Whitson will also break the record for most number of days spent in space by an American astronaut. The current US record of 534 days is held by astronaut Jeff Williams. Russian cosmonaut Gennady Padalka holds the record for the most cumulative days ever in space, at 879 days over five career trips. ksh/dw © AFP 2017 World Technology TRENDING VIDEO Queen's guardsman yells at tourist A tourist dancing outside St James' Palace in London has been put firmly back in his place by a Scottish guardsman. Send your photos, videos and stories to 9NEWS Email contact@9news.com.au Large files 9news.wetransfer.com You can remain anonymous. Click here for more information. Auto news: GM could sell Opel to Peugeot parent - caradvice.com.au Auto news: Autonomous cars won’t kill people, but they will ‘take our jobs’ - caradvice.com.au Auto news:  What does the new American president mean for the auto industry? - caradvice.com.au Auto news: A new Hyundai ute is now on the cards - caradvice.com.au Auto news:  Buying a new car? Here are 11 things you should consider first - caradvice.com.au Career news: How to have a happy career - seek.com.au Career news: Does anyone actually read cover letters? - seek.com.au LIVE FEED Australian government lifts the curtain on ‘extreme vetting’ of refugees Top News 'MOST SIGNIFICANT SINCE YASI': Cyclone Debbie: Flights grounded and forced evacuations begin DENYER CRASHES: Television personality walks away from Victorian rally accident 'Still emotional': Farmer who survived Cyclone Yasi prepares for Debbie Top 5 SUVs! Asia on sale NOW! Search for jobs 30 Day Free Trial Deposit $50 bet with $200* Shop Home and Garden Back to top News Breaking News World News News videos Weather Sport Wide World of Sports Cricket NRL AFL Live scores Entertainment TheFIX Latest celebrity news TV guide Daily quiz Movie times Pedestrian TV Lifestyle Fashion Diet & Fitness Viral Homes Recipes Travel Catch-up TV Married At First Sight House Husbands 60 Minutes The Bachelor U.S. 20 to One Lethal Weapon Careers Advertise with us Help Terms of use Privacy © 2017 Nine Digital Pty Ltd Feedback
147686468041 Subscribe Manage Manage my account Preferences Newsletters Subscribe to TV Weekly Subscribe to Newsday Manage my account Subscribe to TV Weekly Uh-Oh! It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information. If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account. If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button. Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account. CONNECT ACCOUNT SUBSCRIBE Today's Paper Today's paper / archives » Newsday Fun Book » Recent covers gallery » Special sections » Traffic 1 Weather 40° Log in Log out Sections Home Long Island Top Stories Nassau Suffolk Education Crime Politics Towns Investigations Data and maps Commuting LI Life History Obituaries Sports Top Stories Yankees Mets Islanders Rangers Jets Giants Knicks Nets High school College Columns Videos Scores Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey Horse Racing Media MMA Motor Racing Olympics Soccer Opinion Top Stories Matt Davies Columnists Letters to the editor Submit your letter Business Top Stories Real Estate Technology Cars Columns Mutual funds Markets Stocks Nation and World Nation and World NYC State and Region Health Technology Weird news Lottery Entertainment Top Stories Movies TV Celebrities Music Books Theater Reality TV Crosswords Puzzles Comics Lifestyle Top Stories Restaurants Family Pets Travel Food and Drink Top 100 Restaurants Fashion and Shopping Home and Garden LI Getaways Recreation Retirement Advice Events Spring Things to do Classifieds Classifieds Jobs Cars Real Estate Yellow Pages Legal Notices Obituaries Crosswords More Today's Paper Weather Traffic and Transit Data and maps Photos Videos Act 2 Horoscopes Advice Columns Lottery search Long Island Sports Entertainment Lifestyle News Business Health Opinion Obituaries Cars Homes Jobs NationNews Spacewalking astronauts prep station for new parking spot March 24, 2017 10:58 AM By The Associated Press Reprints + - This still image taken from live video provided by NASA shows astronaut Shane Kimbrough, right, works on the International Space Station during a space walk on Friday, March 24, 2017. Photo Credit: AP advertisement | advertise on newsday CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. - Spacewalking astronauts prepped the International Space Station on Friday for a new parking spot reserved for commercial crew capsules. The 250-mile-high complex already has one docking port in place for the SpaceX Crew Dragon and Boeing Starliner, which should start carrying up astronauts as early as next year. Friday's spacewalk set the stage for a second docking location. A new docking device will fly up late this year or early next. Most popular Nation stories Idaho woman: I crashed because I saw a sasquatch Cops: 15 people shot, 1 killed at Cincinnati nightclub Security, parking, garbage irk Ivanka Trump's neighbors Cops: Gunman surrenders on Las Vegas Strip Fact check: The week Trump's wiretap accusation died NASA astronaut Shane Kimbrough disconnected all four cables from an old docking port, using some extra force on one. He looped a spare tether around the balky cable and pulled, and off it came. "Nicely done, Shane," Mission Control radioed. On Sunday, flight controllers in Houston will move the old port to provide better clearance for the future ships. Then on Thursday, the crew will conduct another spacewalk to secure the unit. Until the new crew capsules come on line, U.S. astronauts will keep riding Russian rockets to orbit. As Kimbrough worked on the docking port and replaced a computer-relay box, French astronaut Thomas Pesquet hunted for signs of an ammonia coolant leak in outdoor plumbing. The leak, while still small, has worsened recently, and NASA wants to pinpoint the location. "No leaks. No flakes whatsoever," he reported. advertisement | advertise on newsday During their 6 ½-hour excursion, the spacewalkers also replaced a pair of Japanese cameras, greased latching mechanisms on the end of the big robot arm and even tackled some extra work. Their crewmates welcomed them back inside, wearing special black glasses and face masks, after Kimbrough reported there was a yellow chalk-like substance on one of his gloves. As an added precaution, both of his gloves were bagged before they came off. NASA wants to cram in two and possibly three spacewalks before Kimbrough, the station's commander, returns to Earth on April 10. Before a third spacewalk, Orbital ATK needs to launch a cargo ship to the space station with replacement parts. That shipment was supposed to be there by now, but repeatedly has been delayed because of rocket concerns. It's unclear when the Atlas V rocket will be ready at Cape Canaveral, Florida. NASA has been contracting out cargo deliveries since the end of the space shuttle program in 2011. The space agency is counting on private companies to do the same with astronauts. @Newsday Tweets from @Newsday/newsday-staff "It will be exciting to see a new way to bring crew members into orbit," NASA astronaut Robert Behnken said from Mission Control. He is among four astronauts training for the Dragon and Starliner test flights. Get the Newsday Now newsletter! The best of Newsday every day in your inbox. sign up    Click here to read or post comments Comments Newsday.com now uses Facebook for our comment boards. Please read our guidelines and connect your Facebook account to comment. More coverage 10 things to know about Betsy DeVos See snowy scenes around the Northeast Trump tweets Dems 'made up' Russian story Like it? Share it! Back to Top Services Subscribe Manage my Newsday Today's paper Join us on Facebook Join us on Twitter Sign up for newsletters Get our Apps Newsday mobile Our Network News 12 am New York Newsday Cars The Hometown Shopper Newsday Homes Newsday Jobs Optimum Newsday Connect News 12 Varsity News Long Island Nassau Suffolk Education Crime Politics Towns NYC U.S. / World Business Technology Commuting History Data and Maps Traffic Obituaries Sports Giants Jets Knicks Nets Islanders Rangers Yankees Mets High school Colleges Columns Scores Videos Photo Entertainment Celebrities Movies TV Music Restaurants Theater Lifestyle Family Shopping Pets Events Travel Books Weekend Guide Spring Classifieds Jobs Cars Real Estate Yellow Pages More Crossword Weather Photos Videos LI Life Act 2 Lottery RSS Archive Site Map Privacy Policy Your ad choices Terms of Service Subscription Terms Contact Newsday Careers Reprints & Permissions Media Kit Advertise with Newsday Help Copyright ©   Newsday. All rights reserved.
Spacewalking astronauts prep station for new parking spot - WDRB 41 Louisville News Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Politics Slideshows WDRB Traffic Contests TV Schedule Contact Us WDRB Jobs WDRB News Staff WDRB Live Stream Crime Reports BE OUR GUEST In-Depth WDRB Traffic Strange Contests Entertainment WDRB Video Jefferson Awards WDRB Weather Team Radar Weather Blog Watches and Warnings Snow Fox Closings/Text Alerts WDRB Traffic Contests Bozich & Crawford U of L Sports UK Sports IU Sports Kentucky Sports Headlines Indiana Sports Headlines WDRB Sports Team Contests WDRB Traffic Snow Fox Text Alerts Food & Recipes Topics and Talkers Guests Bill Lamb's Point of View David Shribman Contests Jefferson Awards Small Business Speakers' Bureau Contests Higher Education, High Finance Popular Topics in Education Contests Speakers' Bureau Contract With Each Other Contests Contract With Advertisers Contract With Viewers Contract With Each Other Viewer Feedback News Tips WDRB News Staff WDRB Sales Staff Speakers' Bureau Spacewalking astronauts prep station for new parking spot Posted: Friday, March 24, 2017 9:17 AM EDT Updated: Friday, March 24, 2017 3:08 PM EDT (NASA via AP). This still image taken from live video provided by NASA shows astronaut Shane Kimbrough, right, works on the International Space Station during a space walk on Friday, March 24, 2017. Kimbrough and France's Thomas Pesquet emerged earl... U.S. & World NewsMore>> Reynolds and Fisher honored with humor, music and dance Reynolds and Fisher honored with humor, music and dance Updated: Sunday, March 26 2017 12:18 AM EDT2017-03-26 04:18:45 GMT Stars and fans will gather Saturday for a public memorial to honor late actresses Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher.More >> Stars and fans will gather Saturday for a public memorial to honor late actresses Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher.More >> Oregon beats Kansas 74-60 to punch Final Four ticket Oregon beats Kansas 74-60 to punch Final Four ticket Updated: Sunday, March 26 2017 12:18 AM EDT2017-03-26 04:18:41 GMT Tyler Dorsey poured in 27 points, Dillon Brooks added 17 and plucky Oregon ended Kansas' romp through the NCAA Tournament with a 74-60 victory Saturday night that gave the Ducks their first Final Four trip in...More >> Tyler Dorsey poured in 27 points, Dillon Brooks added 17 and plucky Oregon ended Kansas' romp through the NCAA Tournament with a 74-60 victory Saturday night that gave the Ducks their first Final Four trip in nearly 80 years.More >> Pentagon: An al-Qaida leader killed in Afghanistan airstrike Pentagon: An al-Qaida leader killed in Afghanistan airstrike Updated: Saturday, March 25 2017 11:28 PM EDT2017-03-26 03:28:55 GMT The Pentagon says a U.S. counterterrorism airstrike earlier this month in Afghanistan killed an al-Qaida leader responsible for a deadly hotel attack in Islamabad in 2008 and the 2009 attack on a bus carrying the...More >> The Pentagon says a U.S. counterterrorism airstrike earlier this month in Afghanistan killed an al-Qaida leader responsible for a deadly hotel attack in Islamabad in 2008 and the 2009 attack on a bus carrying the Sri Lankan cricket team.More >> The Latest: Big wins for West Coast in regional finals The Latest: Big wins for West Coast in regional finals Updated: Saturday, March 25 2017 11:28 PM EDT2017-03-26 03:28:48 GMT With fan favorite Arizona eliminated in the Sweet 16, there are plenty of empty seats at tip off for the West Regional final between top-seeded Gonzaga and No. 11 seed Xavier.More >> With fan favorite Arizona eliminated in the Sweet 16, there are plenty of empty seats at tip off for the West Regional final between top-seeded Gonzaga and No. 11 seed Xavier.More >> Vegas Strip reopens after gunman surrender, fatal shooting Vegas Strip reopens after gunman surrender, fatal shooting Updated: Saturday, March 25 2017 9:49 PM EDT2017-03-26 01:49:08 GMT Police say a part of the Las Vegas Strip has been shut-down after a gunman barricaded himself inside a bus near the Cosmopolitan hotel-casino.More >> Police say a part of the Las Vegas Strip has been shut-down after a gunman barricaded himself inside a bus near the Cosmopolitan hotel-casino.More >> Self-inflicted collapse chokes GOP effort to undo Obamacare Self-inflicted collapse chokes GOP effort to undo Obamacare Updated: Saturday, March 25 2017 8:08 PM EDT2017-03-26 00:08:53 GMT The failure of House Republicans to repeal and replace Barack Obama's health care law was nothing short of an epic, self-inflicted collapse.More >> The failure of House Republicans to repeal and replace Barack Obama's health care law was nothing short of an epic, self-inflicted collapse.More >> The Latest: Pedestrians return to Strip after standoff ends The Latest: Pedestrians return to Strip after standoff ends Updated: Saturday, March 25 2017 8:08 PM EDT2017-03-26 00:08:35 GMT A hospital spokeswoman says one person has died in a shooting along the Las Vegas Strip.More >> A hospital spokeswoman says one person has died in a shooting along the Las Vegas Strip.More >> Verdict turns page in Penn State child molestation scandal Verdict turns page in Penn State child molestation scandal Updated: Saturday, March 25 2017 5:38 PM EDT2017-03-25 21:38:31 GMT Penn State is trying to turn the corner on the Jerry Sandusky child molestation scandal, but the former FBI director who authored a scathing report on it more than four years ago says more changes are needed.More >> Penn State is trying to turn the corner on the Jerry Sandusky child molestation scandal, but the former FBI director who authored a scathing report on it more than four years ago says more changes are needed.More >>    AP National News VideoMore>> Trump, GOP leaders pull health care bill in humiliating loss Trump, GOP leaders pull health care bill in humiliating loss In a humiliating setback, President Donald Trump and GOP leaders pulled their "Obamacare" repeal bill off the House floor Friday after it became clear the measure would fail badly More >> In a humiliating setback, President Donald Trump and GOP leaders pulled their "Obamacare" repeal bill off the House floor Friday after it became clear the measure would fail badlyMore >> Outlook looking bleak for GOP on 'Obamacare' repeal bill Outlook looking bleak for GOP on 'Obamacare' repeal bill The Republicans' capstone health care overhaul seems in dire trouble in the House More >> The Republicans' capstone health care overhaul seems in dire trouble in the HouseMore >> House sets risky health care vote after Trump demands it House sets risky health care vote after Trump demands it Republicans have set course for a climactic House vote on their health care overhaul More >> Republicans have set course for a climactic House vote on their health care overhaulMore >> US routs Puerto Rico 8-0 to win WBC behind dominant Stroman US routs Puerto Rico 8-0 to win WBC behind dominant Stroman Marcus Stroman tossed six hitless innings, Ian Kinsler slugged a two-run homer and the United States routed Puerto Rico 8-0 to win its first World Baseball Classic in four tries More >> Marcus Stroman tossed six hitless innings, Ian Kinsler slugged a two-run homer and the United States routed Puerto Rico 8-0 to win its first World Baseball Classic in four triesMore >> Some of the youngest opioid victims are curious toddlers Some of the youngest opioid victims are curious toddlers Some of the youngest victims of the nation's opioid epidemic are children under age 5 who die after swallowing opioids More >> Some of the youngest victims of the nation's opioid epidemic are children under age 5 who die after swallowing opioidsMore >> Spying claim by Intel chair renews fight over Russia probe Spying claim by Intel chair renews fight over Russia probe The chairman of the House intelligence committee says President Donald Trump's communications may have been "monitored" during the transition period in an "incidental collection.". More >> The chairman of the House intelligence committee says President Donald Trump's communications may have been "monitored" during the transition period in an "incidental collection.".More >> Police: White sword killer went to NY to attack black people Police: White sword killer went to NY to attack black people Police say a white man accused of stabbing a black man to death with a sword in New York told investigators he traveled to the media capital of the world to make a statement and attack black people More >> Police say a white man accused of stabbing a black man to death with a sword in New York told investigators he traveled to the media capital of the world to make a statement and attack black peopleMore >> AP Exclusive: Before Trump job, Manafort worked to aid Putin AP Exclusive: Before Trump job, Manafort worked to aid Putin The Associated Press has learned that before campaign manager Paul Manafort signed up with Donald Trump, he secretly worked for a Russian billionaire with a plan to "greatly benefit the Putin Government." More >> The Associated Press has learned that before campaign manager Paul Manafort signed up with Donald Trump, he secretly worked for a Russian billionaire with a plan to "greatly benefit the Putin Government."More >>    By MARCIA DUNN AP Aerospace Writer CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) - Spacewalking astronauts prepped the International Space Station on Friday for a new parking spot reserved for commercial crew capsules. The 250-mile-high complex already has one docking port in place for the SpaceX Crew Dragon and Boeing Starliner, which should start carrying up astronauts as early as next year. Friday's spacewalk set the stage for a second docking location. A new docking device will fly up late this year or early next. NASA astronaut Shane Kimbrough disconnected all four cables from an old docking port, using some extra force on one. He looped a spare tether around the balky cable and pulled, and off it came. "Nicely done, Shane," Mission Control radioed. On Sunday, flight controllers in Houston will move the old port to provide better clearance for the future ships. Then on Thursday, the crew will conduct another spacewalk to secure the unit. Until the new crew capsules come on line, U.S. astronauts will keep riding Russian rockets to orbit. As Kimbrough worked on the docking port and replaced a computer-relay box, French astronaut Thomas Pesquet hunted for signs of an ammonia coolant leak in outdoor plumbing. The leak, while still small, has worsened recently, and NASA wants to pinpoint the location. "No leaks. No flakes whatsoever," he reported. During their 6 ½-hour excursion, the spacewalkers also replaced a pair of Japanese cameras, greased latching mechanisms on the end of the big robot arm and even tackled some extra work. Their crewmates welcomed them back inside, wearing special black glasses and face masks, after Kimbrough reported there was a yellow chalk-like substance on one of his gloves. As an added precaution, both of his gloves were bagged before they came off. NASA wants to cram in two and possibly three spacewalks before Kimbrough, the station's commander, returns to Earth on April 10. Before a third spacewalk, Orbital ATK needs to launch a cargo ship to the space station with replacement parts. That shipment was supposed to be there by now, but repeatedly has been delayed because of rocket concerns. It's unclear when the Atlas V rocket will be ready at Cape Canaveral, Florida. NASA has been contracting out cargo deliveries since the end of the space shuttle program in 2011. The space agency is counting on private companies to do the same with astronauts. "It will be exciting to see a new way to bring crew members into orbit," NASA astronaut Robert Behnken said from Mission Control. He is among four astronauts training for the Dragon and Starliner test flights. ___ Online: NASA: https://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/station/main/index.html Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> Reynolds and Fisher honored with humor, music and dance Reynolds and Fisher honored with humor, music and dance Updated: Sunday, March 26 2017 12:18 AM EDT2017-03-26 04:18:45 GMT Stars and fans will gather Saturday for a public memorial to honor late actresses Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher.More >> Stars and fans will gather Saturday for a public memorial to honor late actresses Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher.More >> Arrests after scuffle breaks out at California Trump rally Arrests after scuffle breaks out at California Trump rally Updated: Saturday, March 25 2017 10:28 PM EDT2017-03-26 02:28:43 GMT Violence broke out Saturday at a rally on a Southern California beach where supporters of President Donald Trump had gathered to march.More >> Violence broke out Saturday at a rally on a Southern California beach where supporters of President Donald Trump had gathered to march.More >> Vegas Strip reopens after gunman surrender, fatal shooting Vegas Strip reopens after gunman surrender, fatal shooting Updated: Saturday, March 25 2017 9:49 PM EDT2017-03-26 01:49:08 GMT Police say a part of the Las Vegas Strip has been shut-down after a gunman barricaded himself inside a bus near the Cosmopolitan hotel-casino.More >> Police say a part of the Las Vegas Strip has been shut-down after a gunman barricaded himself inside a bus near the Cosmopolitan hotel-casino.More >> No gunshots fired in store burglary at Bellagio in Las Vegas No gunshots fired in store burglary at Bellagio in Las Vegas Updated: Saturday, March 25 2017 9:09 PM EDT2017-03-26 01:09:22 GMT Las Vegas police say they are investigating a burglary at a high-end retail store inside the Bellagio Hotel and Casino.More >> Las Vegas police say they are investigating a burglary at a high-end retail store inside the Bellagio Hotel and Casino.More >> Report: University leader got fitness freebies Report: University leader got fitness freebies Updated: Saturday, March 25 2017 9:09 PM EDT2017-03-26 01:09:21 GMT An investigation has found that the outgoing leader of the University of California's Berkeley campus improperly accepted free benefits, mostly related to personal fitness.More >> An investigation has found that the outgoing leader of the University of California's Berkeley campus improperly accepted free benefits, mostly related to personal fitness.More >> Utah's governor signs abortion-halting legislation Utah's governor signs abortion-halting legislation Updated: Saturday, March 25 2017 8:38 PM EDT2017-03-26 00:38:40 GMT Utah's governor has signed legislation that requires doctors to inform women that medication-induced abortions can be halted after taking just one of two pills.More >> Utah's governor has signed legislation that requires doctors to inform women that medication-induced abortions can be halted after taking just one of two pills.More >> Podiatrist who set free throws world record dies at 94 Podiatrist who set free throws world record dies at 94 Updated: Saturday, March 25 2017 8:38 PM EDT2017-03-26 00:38:39 GMT A California man who made history when he made 2,750 consecutive free throws has died.More >> A California man who made history when he made 2,750 consecutive free throws has died.More >> The Latest: Pedestrians return to Strip after standoff ends The Latest: Pedestrians return to Strip after standoff ends Updated: Saturday, March 25 2017 8:08 PM EDT2017-03-26 00:08:35 GMT A hospital spokeswoman says one person has died in a shooting along the Las Vegas Strip.More >> A hospital spokeswoman says one person has died in a shooting along the Las Vegas Strip.More >>    WDRB NEWS Home Kentucky News Indiana News National News Entertainment Weather WDRB Traffic Business Sports WDRB in the Morning Keith Kaiser Out and About News Team WDRB-TV Point of View Sales Team Programming Information Gas Prices Contests Events WDRB Jobs Facebook Partners Norton Healthcare WMYO-TV WBRT 1320 AM WBKI-TV 624 W. Muhammad Ali Blvd Louisville, KY 40203 Contact Us Advertise with Us Closed Captioning WDRB FCC Online Public File EEO Report For online public file assistance, contact: Harry Beam hbeam@wdrb.com (502) 584-6441 All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WDRB. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Photos Videos PSUs Sectors Sectors Agriculture Aviation Corporate Economy Energy Markets Personal Finance Real Estate Services Telecom Budget Highlights Tax Calculator Small Business More ALL News » Business » International Business News » U.S., French astronauts on spacewalk to retrofit space station SpiceJet 2nd most valued Indian airline Cash withdrawal limits to go from March 13: RBI PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM Luxury hotels better off this year than in 2015: Experts Apple's 'conditions' to manufacture iPhones in India Netflix joins hands with Red Chillies Entertainment CCI rejects Bayer-Monsanto deal Apple unveils red iPhone Exclusive with Airbnb CEO Idea, Vodafone merger GST inches closer to July 1 rollout Paytm launches mobile payment services U.S., French astronauts on spacewalk to retrofit space station SPACE-SPACEWALK/ (TV):U.S., French astronauts on spacewalk to retrofit space stationReuters | Mar 24, 2017, 07.45 PM IST By Irene Klotz CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla., March 24 (Reuters) - Two spacewalking astronauts ventured outside the International Space Station on Friday on the first of three outings to prepare the orbiting research laboratory for future commercial space taxis and to tackle maintenance chores, NASA TV showed. U.S. station commander Shane Kimbrough, 49, and French flight engineer Thomas Pesquet, 39, floated outside the station's airlock at about 7:30 a.m. EDT (1130 GMT). Working 250 miles (402 km) above Earth, the astronauts expected the spacewalk to last 6.5 hours as they work to reconfigure the $100 billion station, operated by 15 nations, and add docking ports for new spaceships in development by Boeing and Space Exploration Technologies, or SpaceX. Kimbrough, making his fifth spacewalk, headed to the station's central beam to upgrade a computer relay box before turning his attention to a docking system that will be used by future fleets of commercial space taxis. The U.S. National Aeronautics and Space Administration is making the retrofits in the hope that private companies could begin flying astronauts to the station by the end of 2018. This would break Russia's monopoly on crew transportation, a service that costs NASA more than $80 million per person. The first of the space taxis is scheduled for an unmanned debut test flight later this year. During Friday's spacewalk, Kimbrough will disconnect four cables on a docking tunnel to be used by the new commercial space taxis. On Sunday, ground control teams will then use the station's robot arm to move it onto a different module. A second spacewalk by Pesquet and NASA astronaut Peggy Whitson is planned for Thursday, to reconnect cables to the relocated docking tunnel. Once all the work is finished, the U.S. side of the station will have two docking ports for passenger spaceships and two for cargo ships. Russia, which jointly operates the station with NASA, has five docking ports. Also during Friday's spacewalk, Pesquet inspected hoses, attachments and other components of the station's ammonia cooling system. Flight controllers have noticed a small leak in the system and want to find the source. A third spacewalk is on hold pending the arrival of a cargo ship that includes items to be installed during the outing. Engineers are troubleshooting a problem with the cargo ship's launch vehicle, an Atlas 5 rocket made by the Lockheed Martin-Boeing partnership United Launch Alliance. Launch had been targeted for Monday. (Editing by Letitia Stein and Bernadette Baum) Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. (This story has not been edited by timesofindia.com and is auto–generated from a syndicated feed we subscribe to.) RELATED From around the web 9 Discounts Seniors Get Only If they Know BusinessAdviceSource.com If you have a PC do not miss this game! Vikings: Free Online Game George Clooney Shows Off His Brand New $15 Million Home Lonny More from The Times of India Mollywood's lesbian outing Jayasudha's husband Nitin Kapoor commits suicide Humour: FB Wall of Kejriwal after losing Punjab From the Web More From The Times of India People Are Getting Angry Because They Miss Out On Those Li..Life Insurance Offers Top VOIP Deals You Shouldn't Pass Up.VOIP Offers The Most Addicting Shopping Site For WomenTophatter This Is How You Get An Amazing Medical Alert.Medical Alert Offers 95% Of People Cannot Pass This Illusions TestMy Daily Viral On a remake spree Diesel smuggling: DRI collects 30L customs duty Smt. Virmati Rohatgi Yesterday News Paper: Latest News, Videos and Photos Sri Lankan refugees: Tamil Nadu cops turn a blind eye ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular In Lok Sabha, Yogi Adityanath takes a dig at Rahul-Akhilesh partnership Adityanath to officials: Make 30 UP districts open defecation free by Dec Kohli alleges disrespect to Team India physio; Smith rubbishes charge Prevent Serious, Chronic Conditions Today Ad: United Healthcare 13 Weirdest Hotels You Can Stay in for Fun Ad: Viral Vacation Ideas Yes Bank QIP oversubscribed, final pricing likely at Rs 1,500 Yes Bank has managed to garner more than $2.2 billion from institutional investors across the globe for its qualified institutional placement (QIP) that kicked off last evening. Sensex ends 89 points higher; Nifty50 tops 9,100 Domestic equity indices closed in the green for the second session in a row with banking stocks leading the gain. The Nifty PSU Bank index rose over 3 per cent after Finance Minister Arun Jaitley promised a solution to the growing NPA problem within next few days. From around the Web Here's Why This Company is the "Apple of Underwear"... The Weekly Brief | Mack Weldon Dinner Delivered: Here's Why I Love Plated Spoon University for Plated Top 5 balance transfer credit cards getserviceinfo.com People Are Getting Angry Because They Miss Out On Those Ca.. Car Insurance Offers More From The Times of India White man shouts 'go back to Lebanon' to Sikh-American girl Times of India Why do you ask when I’ll die, Jethmalani asks SC Times of India OMG: Kajol gets a surgery to look fair? - Times of India Times of India Read Moreunited launch alliance launchu s national aeronautics and space administrationThomas Pesquetshane kimbroughRussia Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Short of track, Indian Railways eyes private suppliers in blow to state steel firm UPDATE 1-Yingde Gases "accidental win" for minorities fans sparks of activism TSX rises as TransCanada climbs after Keystone approval Brazil stocks: BTG Pactual sees Eletrobras joining Bovespa index 1U.S., French astronauts on spacewalk to retrofit space station 2Short of track, Indian Railways eyes private suppliers in blow to state steel firm 3UPDATE 1-Yingde Gases "accidental win" for minorities fans sparks of activism 4TSX rises as TransCanada climbs after Keystone approval 5Brazil stocks: BTG Pactual sees Eletrobras joining Bovespa index Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now NavGujarat Samay Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends Shiv Sena Yogi Adityanath Goa Budget 2017 AIADMK symbol Sensex India vs Australia CM Adityanath Ravindra Gaikwad Aparna Yadav Tamil Movie Reviews Telugu Movie Reviews Malayalam Movie Reviews services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web Auto News RK Nagar By Election Air India Yogi Adityanath Breaking News Sensex Kollywood News Tollywood News Mollywood News Trending topics Shiv Sena MP AIADMK symbol Yogi Adityanath AIADMK symbol Shreyas Iyer PM Modi Katamarayudu Katamarayudu review Phillauri Review Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics TSLA Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Dow, S&P 500 finish lower Friday after Republicans pull AHCA >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Dividend Stocks > Why Boeing Co (BA) Stock Will Soar Through Any Turbulence In spite of some tough challenges, BA stock has earned the market's trust By Josh Enomoto, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Mar 24, 2017, 10:12 am EDT     View All   Popular Posts: 3 Shale Gas Stocks That Will Win With or Without OPEC Why Boeing Co (BA) Stock Will Soar Through Any Turbulence Freak of Nature Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Stock Will Continue to Impress Recent Posts: Under Armour Inc (UAA) Stock Is Still a Loser Why Boeing Co (BA) Stock Will Soar Through Any Turbulence 3 Shale Gas Stocks That Will Win With or Without OPEC View All Posts Plenty of sectors and individual companies have benefited tremendously from the unlikely rise of Donald J. Trump. It’s not something that’s readily advertised, given the controversies the President finds himself in. However, the tape doesn’t lie: the markets soared to all-time highs, boosted by positive economic data. Things are looking up, but I would argue none more so than for Boeing Co (NYSE:BA). If there was any investment that fully encompassed “Trumpiness,” it’s definitely Boeing stock. Source: Phillip Capper via Flickr With BA stock, you have the two elements that matter most for the current administration. No.1, the company is a symbol of American business prowess. Not too long ago, frequent flyers and global travelers aspired to fly the “jumbo jet,” the colloquial name for the iconic Boeing 747. The “A380” by Airbus Group SE (OTCMKTS:EADSY) just doesn’t have the same ring to it. Of course, Boeing stock is more than just about flying passengers. We’re Americans, and nothing could be more red, white and blue than blowing stuff up. With accusations flying that Donald Trump is Vladimir Putin’s puppet — there’s another word I won’t use — he’ll want to show some muscle. Thankfully, President Trump will keep his shirt on, and let defense contractors like BA do the talking. In a cynical sense, the timing couldn’t be better for BA stock. Geopolitical conflicts are on the rise, particularly with North Korea. As the Washington circus act continues unabated, the need for strong leadership only heightens. That’s where Boeing stock could really get a solid boost. Not All Roses for Boeing stock Already, BA stock is up roughly 14% for the year. To put that into perspective, shares returned a pair of only 14% performances in 2014 and 2015. Technical momentum isn’t a problem at all for Boeing stock. What is a dilemma are the fundamentals. InvestorPlace contributor Aaron Levitt states that “Boeing has continued to see its yearly sales decline over the last few years. Between 2012 and 2014, BA received more than 1,000 orders per year for its commercial planes. Orders fell to just around 760 in 2015 and decreased by another 100 orders last year.” Making the situation worse is that the backorders for Boeing aircraft are primarily for the standard 737 jet. It’s better than nothing, but it is far less profitable than their wider-bodied models. The combination of reduced sales and lower-margin products have produced questions about sustainability. In short, investors may get uncomfortable with Boeing stock because of the troubling headwinds. Also, defense contracts are not necessarily a panacea for BA stock. The vast majority of Boeing’s revenue is attributed to their commercial endeavors. If Trump isn’t willing to dial down the heated rhetoric, icy foreign relations could translate into trade wars. That’s a no-no for Boeing stock, which is heavily levered towards international sales. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/03/boeing-co-ba-stock-soar-through-turbulence/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for the Second Quarter 7 Consumer Stocks to Lead Your Portfolio 3 High-Yield REITs Offering 7% or More 3 Inflation-Proof Stocks to Buy Now How Much Will AAPL Fall If iPhone 8 Flops? Will Snap Lose the War With Facebook? ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for the Second Quarter 7 Consumer Stocks That Will Lead Your Portfolio 3 High-Yield REITs Offering 7% or More 3 Inflation-Proof Stocks to Buy Now 2 Financial Stocks to Short as Bank Sentiment Sours Most Popular The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for the Second Quarter 7 Consumer Stocks That Will Lead Your Portfolio 9 Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $9 a Share 3 High-Yield REITs Offering 7% or More Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Is a Stink-Free Buy 3 Inflation-Proof Stocks to Buy Now Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 39 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM MAR 26, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News MAR 26, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 39 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Spacewalking astronauts prep station for new parking spot By MARCIA DUNN AP Aerospace Writer First Published Mar 24 2017 08:51AM    •    Last Updated Mar 24 2017 08:51 am This still image taken from live video provided by NASA shows astronaut Shane Kimbrough, right, works on the International Space Station during a space walk on Friday, March 24, 2017. Kimbrough and France's Thomas Pesquet emerged early from the orbiting complex, then went their separate ways to accomplish as much as possible 250 miles up. Their main job involves disconnecting an old docking port. This port needs to be moved in order to make room for a docking device compatible with future commercial crew capsules. (NASA via AP) This still image taken from live video provided by NASA shows astronaut Shane Kimbrough, right, works on the International Space Station during a space walk on Friday, March 24, 2017. Kimbrough and France's Thomas Pesquet emerged early from the orbiting complex, then went their separate ways to accomplish as much as possible 250 miles up. Their main job involves disconnecting an old docking port. This port needs to be moved in order to make room for a docking device compatible with future commercial crew capsules. (NASA via AP) Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY (1) Cape Canaveral, Fla. • Astronauts ventured out on a spacewalk Friday to prep the International Space Station for a new parking spot. NASA's Shane Kimbrough and France's Thomas Pesquet emerged early from the orbiting complex, then went their separate ways to accomplish as much as possible 250 miles up. "We are ready to get to work," Mission Control informed them. Their main job involves disconnecting an old docking port. This port needs to be moved in order to make room for a docking device compatible with future commercial crew capsules, and provide more clearance. The new docking device — the second of two — will fly up late this year or early next and hook onto this port. VIDEOS TOP JOBS If all goes well, flight controllers in Houston will relocate the old docking port Sunday, using the station's robotic arm. Then next Thursday, the crew will conduct another spacewalk to secure the unit. SpaceX and Boeing are developing capsules capable of flying astronauts to and from the space station. Until the SpaceX Crew Dragon and Boeing Starliner come on line — possibly next year — U.S. astronauts will have to keep riding Russian rockets to orbit. Before working on the docking port, Kimbrough replaced a computer-relay box with an upgraded version. Pesquet, meanwhile, looked for signs of a small ammonia coolant leak in outdoor plumbing. He patted and tugged at hoses, but did not spot any frozen flakes of ammonia. A GoPro camera caught his every move for playback later. "No flakes. All good," Pesquet reported. Also on the spacewalkers' to-do list Friday: replace a pair of Japanese cameras and grease latching mechanisms on the end of the big robot arm. NASA wants to cram in two and possibly three spacewalks before Kimbrough, the station's commander, returns to Earth on April 10. Before a third spacewalk can be conducted, however, Orbital ATK needs to launch a cargo ship to the space station with replacement parts. That shipment was supposed to be there by now, but repeatedly has been delayed because of rocket concerns. It's unclear when the Atlas V rocket will be ready to soar from Cape Canaveral, Florida. NASA has been contracting out cargo deliveries since the end of the space shuttle program in 2011. The space agency is counting on private companies to do the same with astronauts. ——— Online: NASA: https://www.nasa.gov/mission—pages/station/main/index.html   Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY VIEW PHOTO GALLERY JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES Tax cuts now more complicated for Trump Dying behind bars: Exploring a series of questionable deaths in Utah jails 'Some of us don't compete': George Hill, Rudy Gobert sound off after blowout Utah Jazz loss to Clipp Kragthorpe: Ty Detmer forgives Tanner Mangum's 'greed' in BYU scrimmage Ted Wilson calls it a day -- and it's real this time ELEVATE 2017’s top six tax questions answered   Professional-in-Residence Jim Mortensen Prepares Students to Become Top Advisors   When to get professional tax help and when to do your own taxes   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Traffic Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
NDTV Business Hindi Movies Cricket Good Times Food Tech Auto Apps Prime Art Weddings Sections Home | World COMMENTS Sections Live TV Videos Latest India Elections Opinion Cities World Sports Photos Schedule Trends OffBeat People Health Indians Abroad South Cheat Sheet Voices Forums Weather News Alerts Spacewalking French, US Astronauts Begin Upgrade To Orbiting Lab World | Agence France-Presse | Updated: March 24, 2017 19:47 IST 6 Shares EMAIL PRINT COMMENTS Astronaut Thomas Pesquet as he works on repairs outside the ISS. AFP PHOTO / NASA TV Miami:  A French and an American astronaut floated outside the International Space Station Friday for a spacewalk to upgrade the orbiting outpost for the arrival of future space crews. The spacewalk by France's Thomas Pesquet, 39, and American Shane Kimbrough, 49, officially began at 7:24 am (1124 GMT) when the duo switched their spacesuits to internal battery power. Pesquet and Kimbrough will work separately for most of the six-and-a-half hour spacewalk as they prepare to install new docking ports for the next generation of commercial spacecraft and do some minor space station repairs and maintenance. The new crew spaceships, being designed by SpaceX and Boeing, should begin flying astronauts to the station in the coming years, as early as 2018. Currently, the only way the world's astronauts can reach orbit is by buying a ride aboard Russia's Soyuz capsules, at $81 million per seat. 'Gee-whiz moment'  Friday's spacewalk is the second of Pesquet's career, and the fifth for Kimbrough. "Going outside is always a gee-whiz moment for me," Kimbrough said in an interview on NASA television this week, adding that it was also "really satisfying" to see Pesquet perform so well on his first spacewalk back in January. On Thursday, Pesquet wrote on Twitter: "Feeling prepared for my second spacewalk tomorrow!" Pesquet is the fourth Frenchman to ever walk in space, and the 11th European. Friday's goal is to prepare for the installation of the second of two parking spots for space taxis, known as the International Docking Adapter. The spacewalkers "will disconnect cables and electrical connections on the pressurized mating adapter (PMA-3) to prepare for its robotic move Thursday, March 30" during another spacewalk, NASA said in a statement. The mating adapter equipment "will be moved from the port side of the Tranquility module to the space-facing side of the Harmony module." In its new location, it will become the home for the International Docking Adapter, to be delivered on a future flight of a SpaceX Dragon cargo ship. Pesquet and Kimbrough also plan to install new computer equipment outside the space station, and will lubricate and inspect the space station's robotic arm, used to grab approaching spacecraft and move items outside the global laboratory. Other tasks include inspecting a radiator valve suspected of a small ammonia leak and replacing cameras on the Japanese segment of the outpost, the US space agency said. More spacewalks The next outing on March 30 will include Kimbrough and American astronaut Peggy Whitson, making the eighth spacewalk of her career. A third spacewalk on April 6 is to include Pesquet and Whitson, who will surpass the record for spacewalks by any female astronauts. Later in April, the 57-year-old Whitson will also break the record for most number of days spent in space by an American astronaut.  The current US record of 534 days is held by astronaut Jeff Williams. Russian cosmonaut Gennady Padalka holds the record for the most cumulative days ever in space, at 879 days over five career trips. (Except for the headline, this story has not been edited by NDTV staff and is published from a syndicated feed.) Trending Movies: Could This Be The End Of The Kapil Sharma Show? Gadgets: Reliance Jio Prime Subscription Deadline to Be Extended by a Month? Sports: KL Rahul Calls His Pull Shot 'Horrible', Blames Himself For Criticism Related Astronauts Upgrade Station Power System In 6 Hour Spacewalk Spacewalking Astronauts Tackle Battery Work Outside Station China Plans To Land Probes On Far Side Of Moon, Mars By 2020 France's Francois Hollande Hits Back At Scandal-Hit Francois Fillon's Claims Egypt's Former President Hosni Mubarak Walks Free After 6 Years In Detention Share this story on 6 Shares ALSO READGATE 2017 Results Released, Score Card Will Be Out Soon; What's Next spacewalkFrench astronautamerican astronautfuture space crewThomas PesquetShane Kimbrough ................................ Advertisement ................................ Quick LinksLive Cricket ScoreMachineTrappedAnaarkali Of AarahLava Z25Phillauri ................................ Advertisement ................................ 2 Months Out Of Office, Obama Is Having A Post-Presidency Like No Other GATE 2017 Results Declared By IIT Roorkee; Know How To Check In Gorakhpur, Yogi Adityanath Reminds People Of 'Responsibilities' Indian Man In Australia Assaulted And Abused By Teenagers At Restaurant RSS News Alerts Mobile Apps Apple Android Windows Facebook Twitter Google + LinkedIn About Us Archives Advertise Feedback Disclaimer Investor Complaint Redressal Ombudsman Careers Service Terms Channel Distribution © Copyright NDTV Convergence Limited 2017. All rights reserved. Tweet Add to Flipboard Magazine.
null
Photos Videos Topics Live NZ 67/0 (25.3) - SA 314/10 (89.2) Live IND 248/6 (91) - AUS 300/10 (88.3) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Ravindra Gaikwad Yogi Adityanath Virat Kohli Donald Trump Narendra Modi Home Sci/Tech U.S., French astronauts on spacewalk to retrofit space station Shares1 Fri, 24 Mar 2017-07:49pm , Reuters Two spacewalking astronauts ventured outside the International Space Station on Friday on the first of three outings to prepare the orbiting research laboratory for future commercial space taxis and to tackle maintenance chores, NASA TV showed. U.S. station commander Shane Kimbrough, 49, and French flight engineer Thomas Pesquet, 39, floated outside the station's airlock at about 7:30 a.m. EDT (1130 GMT). Working 250 miles (402 km) above Earth, the astronauts expected the spacewalk to last 6.5 hours as they work to reconfigure the $100 billion station, operated by 15 nations, and add docking ports for new spaceships in development by Boeing and Space Exploration Technologies, or SpaceX. Kimbrough, making his fifth spacewalk, headed to the station's central beam to upgrade a computer relay box before turning his attention to a docking system that will be used by future fleets of commercial space taxis. The U.S. National Aeronautics and Space Administration is making the retrofits in the hope that private companies could begin flying astronauts to the station by the end of 2018. This would break Russia's monopoly on crew transportation, a service that costs NASA more than $80 million per person. The first of the space taxis is scheduled for an unmanned debut test flight later this year. During Friday's spacewalk, Kimbrough will disconnect four cables on a docking tunnel to be used by the new commercial space taxis. On Sunday, ground control teams will then use the station's robot arm to move it onto a different module. A second spacewalk by Pesquet and NASA astronaut Peggy Whitson is planned for Thursday, to reconnect cables to the relocated docking tunnel. Once all the work is finished, the U.S. side of the station will have two docking ports for passenger spaceships and two for cargo ships. Russia, which jointly operates the station with NASA, has five docking ports. Also during Friday's spacewalk, Pesquet inspected hoses, attachments and other components of the station's ammonia cooling system. Flight controllers have noticed a small leak in the system and want to find the source. A third spacewalk is on hold pending the arrival of a cargo ship that includes items to be installed during the outing. Engineers are troubleshooting a problem with the cargo ship's launch vehicle, an Atlas 5 rocket made by the Lockheed Martin-Boeing partnership United Launch Alliance. Launch had been targeted for Monday. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Sci/Tech New algorithm can tell when you'll get bored of mobile game Sci/Tech Xiaomi Mi 6 and Xiaomi Mi 6 Plus specifications, prices surface online Sci/Tech Most massive brown dwarf discovered 750 light years away Sci/Tech Reliance Jio Prime to get one month's extension till April 30? Sci/Tech How eye movements may tell if someone is lying Sci/Tech How a 17-year-old corrected data recorded by NASA on the International Space Station Live Cricket Score Live NZ 67/0 (25.3) SA 314/10 (89.2) Full Scorecard | Commentary Live IND 248/6 (91) AUS 300/10 (88.3) Full Scorecard | Commentary West Indies vs Pakistan Sun, 26 March 2017, 10:00 PM IST Related NASA's new 'sensory skin' can detect damages outside spacecraft NASA to launch new probe to measure cosmic material How a 17-year-old corrected data recorded by NASA on the International Space Station Video WATCH | Earth Hour 2017: Cities around the world plunge into darkness to bring light to climate change WATCH | Lights Out! 10 years of Earth Hour Watch: Classical Indian Odissi dancers groove to Ed Sheeran's Shape of You! View all Tags NASA Russia Earth United Launch Alliance Shane Kimbrough Thomas Pesquet International Space Station Peggy Whitson Space Administration Space Exploration U. S. National Aeronautics SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Trump ally Stone offers to testify in Russian meddling probe AAP leader writes to Home Minister over threats in courtroom Normal life in Manipur paralysed in strike against MLA Govt to take up case of 'abandoned' German patient in Kolkata Students asked to submit written apology for celebrating Holi at Pakistan's Sindh University Sport Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Lyon's extra bounce was the big difference: Chappell Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Entertainment Someone tried to be over smart with Karan Johar. KJo's response is BADASS and we love it! Baahubali 2 breaks barriers again, becomes first Indian movie to have a live Virtual Reality event! Kapil Sharma vs Sunil Grover: Here's what Bharti Singh has to say about the whole fiasco Legal trouble for Kamal Haasan post his remark on Mahabharata First look of Sushant Singh Rajput's 'Romeo Akbar Walter' out Money No idea of introudcing new denomination notes at present: RBI Coal India announces 2nd interim dividend for 2016-17 Rly to have integrated software for instant data collection Can suspend auto exchange if confidentiality breached: Swiss ESIC today launched Mobile Clinic Services in AP, Telangana Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
M³ CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Bloke whose drone was blasted out of sky by angry dad loses another court battle for compo DNA-bothering eggheads brew beer you were literally born to like Astroboffins stunned by biggest brown dwarf at edge of our galaxy Ever visited a land now under Islamic State rule? And you want to see America? Hand over that Facebook, Twitter, pal Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Capacity shortage hits AWS UK micro instances Oz companies fume as Enetica outage enters its second day Always wanted to build an imaginary hyperscale network? Now, you can Microsoft loves Linux so much, its OneDrive web app runs like a dog on Windows OS rivals 'Windows 10 destroyed our data!' Microsoft hauled into US court Why do GUIs jump around like a demented terrier while starting up? Am I on my own? FedEx will deliver you $5.00 just to install Flash Blinking cursor devours CPU cycles in Visual Studio Code editor Ever visited a land now under Islamic State rule? And you want to see America? Hand over that Facebook, Twitter, pal GiftGhostBot scares up victims' gift-card cash with brute-force attacks UK.gov confirms it won't be buying V-22 Ospreys for new aircraft carriers Did you know: Crimelords behind DDoS attacks offer customer loyalty points? Defence in Depth: A 'layered' strategy can repel cold attackers Surprise! Thanks to the cloud, you've got a hybrid infrastructure Police Scotland and Accenture were at odds over ill-fated IT project i6 HPE gobbles Nimble Storage for $1.2bn CoreOS Tectonic shift: Now you can run it on Azure and OpenStack Carnegie-Mellon Uni emits 'don't be stupid' list for C++ developers JS package catalog npm frees its team software for open source devs Splunk and New Relic say they're now friends with benefits Policy The Channel After London attack, UK gov lays into Facebook, Google for not killing extremist terror pages Pure Silicon Valley: Medium asks $5 a month for absolutely nothing Alternative vet Quartermaine exits Daisy, Daisy... Lloyds Banking Group axing hundreds of jobs AGAIN Bloke whose drone was blasted out of sky by angry dad loses another court battle for compo Ofcom wants automatic compensation for the people when ISPs fail US Senate votes to let broadband ISPs sell your browser histories 'Clearance sale' shows Apple's iPad is over. It's done SPB Geek's Guide DNA-bothering eggheads brew beer you were literally born to like Astroboffins stunned by biggest brown dwarf at edge of our galaxy Boffins reveal how to pour a perfect glass of wine with no drips. First step, take a diamond... Our Sun's been using facial scrub: No spots for two weeks Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things There's just a week to show us how AI really works in business Yet another job menaced by AI! Uh, wait, it says here... Dance Dance Revolution designers Vodafone's NB-IoT launch dates for Ireland and Netherlands slip Cambridge wheels out latest smart city platform, ready for devs Verity Stob Disney plotting 15 more years of Star Wars Good news, everyone! Two pints a day keep heart problems at bay Grab 'em by the pussy! Trump's lawyers 'send cease-and-desist letters' to a KITTEN website Decapitating Rockall: How a 1970s Navy expedition blasted the top off the Atlantic islet More like this Ministry Of Defence Royal Navy Security UK.gov confirms it won't be buying V-22 Ospreys for new aircraft carriers Also confirms earlier operational date for HMS Queen Elizabeth A US V-22 Osprey lands aboard HMS Illustrious in 2013. Crown copyright 24 Mar 2017 at 14:11, Gareth Corfield Britain is not buying V-22 Osprey aircraft to fly from its new aircraft carriers, the government has confirmed. “The V-22 Osprey is not part of the resourced plan to deliver the UK Carrier Strike capability,” said junior defence minister Earl Howe. “However, the Ministry of Defence will continue to explore a variety of options to augment the capabilities of the Queen Elizabeth Class carriers in future.” Lord Howe was responding to written Parliamentary questions from Admiral Lord West, a Labour peer and a retired former head of the Royal Navy. Many commentators have speculated that V-22s could be bought by the UK to use for “long-range combat search and rescue” or “long-range high-speed delivery of mission essential spares and stores to the Queen Elizabeth class” aircraft carriers. Yesterday’s Parliamentary responses to Lord West will put those rumours to bed. The Bell Boeing V-22 is a so-called tiltrotor aircraft. Powered by two helicopter-style rotors mounted on the ends of its wings, the Osprey can fly like a conventional aircraft or hover like a helicopter, meaning it can haul heavy loads and deliver them to relatively inaccessible areas. It can also perform air-to-air refuelling duties. Lord Howe was unable to answer whether the US Marine Corps contingent which will be aboard HMS Queen Elizabeth on her maiden operational deployment will bring any V-22s along with their F-35Bs. The Royal Navy will be deploying its Merlin helicopters aboard HMS Queen Elizabeth for all airborne jobs that can’t be done by the F-35B fighter jets aboard the carrier. These include planeguard (collecting fighter pilots from the sea if they bale out into it), routine personnel transfers and airborne radar surveillance of land and sea. For the latter, the Merlins will be fitted with the Thales Crowsnest radar and are due to be operational by 2018. The Crowsnest Merlins will replace the Navy’s Mk.7 Sea King helicopters, known as “baggers” thanks to the big black sack on the side of them which contains the air search radar. A Royal Navy 'bagger' Sea King Mk.7. Note the radar 'bag' to the left. Crown copyright Lord Howe also revealed that HMS Queen Elizabeth will reach her initial operating capability by December 2020. Previous promises that the warship would be sailing in March from Rosyth, where she was assembled, to her home base of Portsmouth have not been met. ® Tips and corrections 90 Comments More from The Register UK Ministry of Defence splurges £280,000 on online 'good ideas' form Off-the-shelf service absorbs improbable quantity of our cash 19 Comments HMS Queen Elizabeth is delayed, Ministry of Defence confesses Haughty minister tries brushing it off as pedantry 97 Comments Japan investigating defence network break-in The usual unnamed 'state-based' attacker blamed 9 Comments British defence minister refuses to rule out F-35A purchase We're still getting 138 jets but nobody knows if they'll all be F-35Bs, as planned, or not 102 Comments Conviction by computer: Ministry of Justice wants defendants to plead guilty online Do you really trust prosecutors to upload all their evidence? 70 Comments It's here! Defence Secretary launches £800m MoD tech creche And not an artisanal Shoreditch hipster startup in sight 14 Comments Whitepapers Cox Automotive gains big data horsepower with Red Hat storage Built an Apache Hadoop cluster to support big data analysis and mining Supermicro MicroBlade Powers One of the World’s Most Energy Efficient Data Centers A Fortune 100 Company has deployed over 30,000 Supermicro MicroBlade disaggregated Intel Xeon Customer Communication Management in the Cloud In 2016, the world of customer communications management (CCM), one of the core operational areas for enterprises in the financial sector. Capacity Management in the Modern Data Center Capacity management tools were originally developed to support IBM mainframes. Most read 'Windows 10 destroyed our data!' Microsoft hauled into US court Pure Silicon Valley: Medium asks $5 a month for absolutely nothing Bloke whose drone was blasted out of sky by angry dad loses another court battle for compo Ever visited a land now under Islamic State rule? And you want to see America? Hand over that Facebook, Twitter, pal Capacity shortage hits AWS UK micro instances Spotlight UK vuln 'fessing pilot's great but who's going to give a FoI? MAC randomization: A massive failure that leaves iPhones, Android mobes open to tracking Next Generation Security: No, Dorothy, there is no magic wand Speaking in Tech: A chat with Web 2.0 MySpace worm dude Samy Kamkar The Register's guide to protecting your data when visiting the US Despite the spiel, we're still some decades from true anti-malware AI Honeypots: Free psy-ops weapons that can protect your network before defences fail Cyber-spying, leaking to meddle in foreign politics is the New Normal Sponsored links Get The Register's Headlines in your inbox daily - quick signup! New from Avere - Cloud-Enabled Data Center for Dummies. Download now About us Who we are Contact us Advertise with us More content Under the hood Week’s headlines Top 20 stories Whitepapers Situation Publishing The Next Platform Continuous Lifecycle London M-cubed Webinars The Register - Independent news, views and opinion for the tech sector. Part of Situation Publishing Sign up to our Newsletters Join our daily or weekly newsletters, subscribe to a specific section or set News alerts Subscribe Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Cookies Privacy Ts&Cs
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Subscriptions Subscribe Manage Subscription Go to e-Edition Change Password Report An Issue FAQ News Local Business Elections Ask Sam Scott Sexton State / Region Nation / World Blogs Lottery Results Submit A News Tip Search Journalnow.com E-Edition Special Sections Crime Obituaries Sports High School / Prep Zone Auto Racing College Wake Forest Blog: My Take On Wake Winston-Salem State Blog: Ram Ramblings Appalachian State Blog: App Trail Outdoors Carolina Panthers Dash baseball Pro Sports Golf Columnists Calendar Blogs Entertainment Relish Events Contests Music Dining & Drinks The Arts Tim Clodfelter Calendar Purchase Event Tickets Special Sections Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter to the Editor Join our Panel Living Food Food: Michael Hastings Recipe Search Home & Garden Gardening: Amy Dixon The Coupon Corner Blog: Dishing It Out Blog: Veggin Out Advice Blogs Winston-Salem Monthly Spark Magazine Carolina Weddings Special Sections Calendar Community Community Milestones Submit community milestone Scene and Heard Celebrations Submit a Celebration Religion Calendar Submit to religion calendar Calendar Databases 2017 Summer Camp Database Photo Galleries Request Photos Reader Photos Submit Photos Video Journal West E-Edition Contact Us Newsletters Find Local Deals Contests Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Media Kit Advertise Careers Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Contact Us Find Local Deals Contests Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Special Sections Calendar 60° Clear Winston-Salem, NC (27101) Today Cloudy skies early. A few showers developing later in the day. Thunder possible. High 73F. Winds S at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 30%.. Tonight Rain showers in the evening becoming more intermittent overnight. Low 57F. Winds SSE at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 50%. Updated: March 26, 2017 @ 1:54 am Full Forecast Weather sponsored by Blaze Air Search Toggle navigation Subscriptions Subscribe Manage Subscription Go to e-Edition Change Password Report An Issue FAQ News Local Business Elections Ask Sam Scott Sexton State / Region Nation / World Blogs Lottery Results Submit A News Tip Search Journalnow.com E-Edition Special Sections Crime Obituaries Sports High School / Prep Zone Auto Racing College Wake Forest Blog: My Take On Wake Winston-Salem State Blog: Ram Ramblings Appalachian State Blog: App Trail Outdoors Carolina Panthers Dash baseball Pro Sports Golf Columnists Calendar Blogs Entertainment Relish Events Contests Music Dining & Drinks The Arts Tim Clodfelter Calendar Purchase Event Tickets Special Sections Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter to the Editor Join our Panel Living Food Food: Michael Hastings Recipe Search Home & Garden Gardening: Amy Dixon The Coupon Corner Blog: Dishing It Out Blog: Veggin Out Advice Blogs Winston-Salem Monthly Spark Magazine Carolina Weddings Special Sections Calendar Community Community Milestones Submit community milestone Scene and Heard Celebrations Submit a Celebration Religion Calendar Submit to religion calendar Calendar Databases 2017 Summer Camp Database Photo Galleries Request Photos Reader Photos Submit Photos Video Journal West Close HOGP This still image taken from live video provided by NASA shows astronaut Shane Kimbrough, right, works on the International Space Station during a space walk on Friday, March 24, 2017. Kimbrough and France's Thomas Pesquet emerged early from the orbiting complex, then went their separate ways to accomplish as much as possible 250 miles up. Their main job involves disconnecting an old docking port. This port needs to be moved in order to make room for a docking device compatible with future commercial crew capsules. (NASA via AP) AP Spacewalking astronauts prep station for new parking spot By MARCIA DUNN AP Aerospace Writer Mar 24, 2017 (…) HOGP This still image taken from live video provided by NASA shows astronaut Shane Kimbrough, right, works on the International Space Station during a space walk on Friday, March 24, 2017. Kimbrough and France's Thomas Pesquet emerged early from the orbiting complex, then went their separate ways to accomplish as much as possible 250 miles up. Their main job involves disconnecting an old docking port. This port needs to be moved in order to make room for a docking device compatible with future commercial crew capsules. (NASA via AP) CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) — Astronauts ventured out on a spacewalk Friday to prep the International Space Station for a new parking spot. NASA's Shane Kimbrough and France's Thomas Pesquet emerged early from the orbiting complex, then went their separate ways to accomplish as much as possible 250 miles up. "We are ready to get to work," Mission Control informed them. Their main job involves disconnecting an old docking port. This port needs to be moved in order to make room for a docking device compatible with future commercial crew capsules, and provide more clearance. The new docking device — the second of two — will fly up late this year or early next and hook onto this port. If all goes well, flight controllers in Houston will relocate the old docking port Sunday, using the station's robotic arm. Then next Thursday, the crew will conduct another spacewalk to secure the unit. SpaceX and Boeing are developing capsules capable of flying astronauts to and from the space station. Until the SpaceX Crew Dragon and Boeing Starliner come on line — possibly next year — U.S. astronauts will have to keep riding Russian rockets to orbit. Before working on the docking port, Kimbrough replaced a computer-relay box with an upgraded version. Pesquet, meanwhile, looked for signs of a small ammonia coolant leak in outdoor plumbing. He patted and tugged at hoses, but did not spot any frozen flakes of ammonia. A GoPro camera caught his every move for playback later. "No flakes. All good," Pesquet reported. Also on the spacewalkers' to-do list Friday: replace a pair of Japanese cameras and grease latching mechanisms on the end of the big robot arm. NASA wants to cram in two and possibly three spacewalks before Kimbrough, the station's commander, returns to Earth on April 10. Before a third spacewalk can be conducted, however, Orbital ATK needs to launch a cargo ship to the space station with replacement parts. That shipment was supposed to be there by now, but repeatedly has been delayed because of rocket concerns. It's unclear when the Atlas V rocket will be ready to soar from Cape Canaveral, Florida. NASA has been contracting out cargo deliveries since the end of the space shuttle program in 2011. The space agency is counting on private companies to do the same with astronauts. ___ Online: NASA: https://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/station/main/index.html Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags Science Space Industry Aerospace And Defense Industry Industrial Products And Services Business Space Exploration Locations Florida United States North America Popular This Week B. Smith's husband, Dan Gasby, speaks about living with wife's Alzheimer's JCPenney stylist dies in wreck in Walkertown Update: Crash shuts down Business 40 Faculty Senate of WFU wants university to reject funding from Charles Koch Foundation Burglars shoot and kill dog during house break-in on Monday afternoon Threat against Kernersville school raises red flag; student accused of making it hospitalized Walkertown man indicted on murder charge in fatal shooting over alleged affair Man takes credit for puzzling new Business 40 billboard On first anniversary of HB2, transgender man says: "I think the real failing is the failing to see us as people" Reynolds American Inc. revamps its headquarters in downtown Winston-Salem Poll Do you believe Friday's events will end Republican efforts to repeal and replace Obamacare? You voted: Yes No Vote View Results Back Galleries 7th Annual Beeping Easter Egg Hunt for the Blind and Visually Impaired Scene & Heard: Hoops for Hope and Jack and Jill Sapphire Soiree East Forsyth Baseball 4-2 Over Glenn Tar Heels advance Sections News Crime Business Opinion Home & Food Entertainment Community Calendar Sports Photos & Videos Weather Services Contact Us Calendar Advertise Subscription Services Jobs at the Winston-Salem Journal Place An Ad Contact Information journalnow.com 418 N. Marshall Street Winston-Salem, NC 27101 Phone: 336-727-7211 Email: content@journalnow.com Winston-Salem Journal, Winston-Salem, NC © 2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
FLUG REVUE aero.de aerokurier.de Klassiker der Luftfahrt suchen Leserreisen|E-Paper|Heft|Abo|Englisch|Newsletter|RSS|Markt Zivil Übersicht Zivilluftfahrt Flugzeuge Airlines Airport ILA Berlin Air Show 2016 Länderspecial Schweiz Militär Übersicht Militär Flugzeuge / Helikopter Luftwaffe Streitkräfte UAV Länderspecial Schweiz Technik Übersicht Technik Triebwerke Avionik Maintenance Systeme Raumfahrt Übersicht Raumfahrt Die Erde aus dem All Branchenspiegel Übersicht Branchenspiegel Helikopterunternehmen Maintenance Flugschulen Business-Aviation Betreiber Jobs Übersicht Jobs Weiterbildung / Training Luftfahrtberufe Termine Übersicht Termine E-Kiosk Abo   Home English Table of contents: FLUG REVUE September 2016 Login | Registrieren 24.03.2017 Artikel drucken Table of contentsFLUG REVUE September 2016 In our August issue, we celebrate 60 years of FLUG REVUE. Therefore, we present you some impressions of the last decades of our magazine. FLUG REVUE September 2016. Foto und Copyright: FR     60 YEARS OF FLUG REVUE Milestones from six decades The aerospace industry has developed at breakneck speed since 1956. We recall the high-lights. This is how we flew in 1956 The early years of air transport seem a world away to us now. This is how we’ll be flying 60 years from now Will we be on Mars, and will the F-35 still be in service? Readers’ poll and prize draw Choose your favourite airline and airport – and win fantastic prizes such as luxury watch! INDUSTRY Farnborough Airshow Half a dozen debutants and an astonishing number of orders for commercial jets made the show a success CIVIL AVIATION Boeing is expanding in Charleston The group is building more than just a 787 fi-nal assembly plant in the Southeastern United States The last Il-14 aircraft still flying German fans welcomed as guests on board C Series in service at Swiss After many delays, the new Bombardier twinjet has started scheduled service BUSINESS AVIATION Iron Maiden The cult British band used a 747 for their world tour. Lead singer Bruce Dickinson flew the jumbo himself MILITARY AVIATION Dassault Mirage 2000 The French Air Force will be using the delta-wing jet even after 2030. A modernisation pro-gramme has been commissioned Embraer KC-390 The test programme of the Brazilian transport aircraft is well under way Military Aviation Xian Y-20 The first nine transport aircraft have been de-livered to the Chinese Air Force German Air Force Association “Richthofen” is the wing again TECHNOLOGY WLAN above the clouds An overview of the different technologies that bring the Internet on board Storm tracking at the airport How weather researchers track lightning in or-der to ensure safe airport operations SPACEFLIGHT Antares with new engine After a failed launch two years ago, the ATK rocket lifts off again Visit to Jupiter The NASA space probe Juno is examining the gas giant under difficult conditions Spaceflight news REGULARS September editorial Readers’ forum News Briefing: autopilot Occupations: business jet pilot Job mart Service models, dates, publisher’s information Afterburner: top show at the Royal Inter-national Air Tattoo in Fairford Preview Mehr zum Thema: English flugrevue.de Artikel drucken Teilen Twittern Teilen Hersteller Lade... Typ Bitte Hersteller auswählen! Bilderstrecken Meilensteine seit dem A380-Erstflug Die Flotte von Brussels Airlines TP400-D6 - Das Triebwerk der A400M F-4F Phantom bei der WTD 61 FLUG REVUE-Heft FLUG REVUE 04/2017 06.03.2017 Abonnements Digitalabo E-Paper Heft-Archiv Einzelheft bestellen "Neue" MiG-35 vorgestellt Probleme beim BER Iran Air erhält Airbus Wirbelschleppen - die gefährliche Schönheit SpaceShipTwo wieder im Flugtest Bombardie-Flaggschiff Global 7000 E-Kiosk Aufklärungsgeschwader 51 - Bemannt und unbemannt DC-3 und Convair CV580 bei Chathams Pacific Der Markt der modernen Schulflugzeuge alle anzeigen FLUG REVUE folgen: Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS-Feed Kontakt| Impressum| AGB| Heft| Datenschutz| Mediadaten| Mediadaten Online| Motor Presse-Netzwerk © Motor Presse Stuttgart GmbH & Co. KG
FLUG REVUE aero.de aerokurier.de Klassiker der Luftfahrt suchen Leserreisen|E-Paper|Heft|Abo|Englisch|Newsletter|RSS|Markt Zivil Übersicht Zivilluftfahrt Flugzeuge Airlines Airport ILA Berlin Air Show 2016 Länderspecial Schweiz Militär Übersicht Militär Flugzeuge / Helikopter Luftwaffe Streitkräfte UAV Länderspecial Schweiz Technik Übersicht Technik Triebwerke Avionik Maintenance Systeme Raumfahrt Übersicht Raumfahrt Die Erde aus dem All Branchenspiegel Übersicht Branchenspiegel Helikopterunternehmen Maintenance Flugschulen Business-Aviation Betreiber Jobs Übersicht Jobs Weiterbildung / Training Luftfahrtberufe Termine Übersicht Termine E-Kiosk Abo   Home English Table of contents: FLUG REVUE November 2016 Login | Registrieren 24.03.2017 Artikel drucken Table of contentsFLUG REVUE November 2016 In our November issue, we inform you about the latest progress of the Airbus A350 program. Also: NASA'a way to bring dust and rocks back to Earth from space. FLUG REVUE November 2016. Foto und Copyright: FR     TAKE-OFF Carrier tests for the F-35C The US Navy has tested its new stealth fighter-bomber on an aircraft carrier for the third time CIVIL AVIATION Air bridge to the ice with Air Greenland The lucrative tourism boom could change air transport in Greenland Airbus A350 for Lufthansa    In Toulouse, all efforts are made to deliver 50 of the new long-range jets this year Africa’s biggest airport Johannesburg has many long-haul connections, but there is plenty of scope for further increases in African air traffic BUSINESS AVIATION HondaJet Small, modern, efficient: manufacturer Honda Aircraft is breaking new ground with its first business jet MILITARY AVIATION Boeing T-X In the competition for the US Air Force’s new jet trainer Boeing has gone for a brand-new development Brazilian army aviation The Brazilian fleet is dominated by models from Airbus Helicopters American F-15’s in Finland Oregon Air National Guard trains with the F/A-18 Hornets of the Karelia air wing German Air Force Association Final deployment to Decimomannu for the Luftwaffe TECHNOLOGY Airbus A310 Zero-G Lufthansa Technik provides insights into the complicated conversion of the former Chancellor’s personal aircraft Preview of AIRTEC Suppliers to the aerospace industry will be presenting their products in Munich at the end of October SPACEFLIGHT To an asteroid and back The NASA probe OSIRIS-REx is on its way to bring dust and rocks back to Earth from space Satellites instead of bombs The second life of decommissioned intercontinental ballistic missiles Space news HISTORY Yakovlev Yak-30 The jet trainer never went into production despite good performance REGULARS November Editorial: The invasion of the drones Reader Forum News VIP interview with Mark Hiller, CEO of Recaro Aircraft Seating AIRSpot Briefing: TCAS Occupations: Flight dispatcher Service: Books, models, publisher’s information Afterburner: Douglas World Cruiser Mehr zum Thema: English flugrevue.de Artikel drucken Teilen Twittern Teilen Hersteller Lade... Typ Bitte Hersteller auswählen! Bilderstrecken Meilensteine seit dem A380-Erstflug Die Flotte von Brussels Airlines TP400-D6 - Das Triebwerk der A400M F-4F Phantom bei der WTD 61 FLUG REVUE-Heft FLUG REVUE 04/2017 06.03.2017 Abonnements Digitalabo E-Paper Heft-Archiv Einzelheft bestellen "Neue" MiG-35 vorgestellt Probleme beim BER Iran Air erhält Airbus Wirbelschleppen - die gefährliche Schönheit SpaceShipTwo wieder im Flugtest Bombardie-Flaggschiff Global 7000 E-Kiosk Lockheed Martin F-35 - Testprogramm läuft auf Hochtouren RAF-Staffeln feiern 100. Geburtstag Regierungsflugzeuge weltweit alle anzeigen FLUG REVUE folgen: Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS-Feed Kontakt| Impressum| AGB| Heft| Datenschutz| Mediadaten| Mediadaten Online| Motor Presse-Netzwerk © Motor Presse Stuttgart GmbH & Co. KG
Airforce Technology News, views and contacts from the global Air Force industry Log in or Register Aircraft Aircraft Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 72 Global Defence Technology: Issue 72 Analysis Air-to-Air Refuelling: why tomorrow’s tankers will need to pack their own punch Air-to-Air Refuelling: why tomorrow’s tankers will need to pack their own punch Projects C295W Search and Rescue Aircraft C295W Search and Rescue Aircraft Helicopters Helicopters Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Projects Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Projects H135 Military Training Helicopter H135 Military Training Helicopter Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks Unmanned Systems Unmanned Systems Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 Analysis The unmanned wingman: high-speed drones to support fighter aircraft The unmanned wingman: high-speed drones to support fighter aircraft Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 72 Global Defence Technology: Issue 72 Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 71 Global Defence Technology: Issue 71 C4ISR C4ISR Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Projects Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks Projects GlobalEye Airborne Early Warning and Control (AEW&C) Aircraft GlobalEye Airborne Early Warning and Control (AEW&C) Aircraft Weapons and Systems Weapons and Systems Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis A lesson in air readiness with NATO A lesson in air readiness with NATO Analysis Air-to-Air Refuelling: why tomorrow’s tankers will need to pack their own punch Air-to-Air Refuelling: why tomorrow’s tankers will need to pack their own punch Analysis XS-1 Phase B: DARPA’s new space plane looks skyward XS-1 Phase B: DARPA’s new space plane looks skyward Projects Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Training and Simulation Training and Simulation Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Projects H135 Military Training Helicopter H135 Military Training Helicopter Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks Projects M-346 Master Advanced Fighter Trainer M-346 Master Advanced Fighter Trainer MRO and Logistics MRO and Logistics Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis A lesson in air readiness with NATO A lesson in air readiness with NATO Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks Analysis Spoofing and jamming: tackling threats to GPS-guided systems Spoofing and jamming: tackling threats to GPS-guided systems Market Data Market Data Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis The unmanned wingman: high-speed drones to support fighter aircraft The unmanned wingman: high-speed drones to support fighter aircraft Projects Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Projects H135 Military Training Helicopter H135 Military Training Helicopter Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Technology Technology Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 Analysis A lesson in air readiness with NATO A lesson in air readiness with NATO Analysis The unmanned wingman: high-speed drones to support fighter aircraft The unmanned wingman: high-speed drones to support fighter aircraft Analysis Air-to-Air Refuelling: why tomorrow’s tankers will need to pack their own punch Air-to-Air Refuelling: why tomorrow’s tankers will need to pack their own punch Companies Companies Company A-Z » Products & Services » Press Releases » White Papers » Videos » Suppliers Stäubli Electrical Connectors - Technological Solutions and Contact Systems for the Defence Industry Technological Solutions and Contact Systems for the Defence Industry Suppliers Rubb Buildings - Hangars and Sunshades for Military Aircraft and Helicopters Hangars and Sunshades for Military Aircraft and Helicopters Suppliers VPT - High-Reliability Power Conversion Products for Military and Avionics Applications High-Reliability Power Conversion Products for Military and Avionics Applications Suppliers SCOTTY Group - Beyond Line-of-Sight Connectivity for Comms and Real-Time Surveillance Beyond Line-of-Sight Connectivity for Comms and Real-Time Surveillance Videos Events All Sections All Sections Projects » Analysis » Company A-Z » Products & Services » News » Press Releases » White Papers » Comment » Advertise With Us » Report Store » About us » News On Mar 24 2017 Deals this week: Lockheed Martin, Boeing, Space Exploration Technologies Lockheed Martin has been awarded a $750m-worth contract by the US Defense Logistics Agency to provide logistics support for the US Air Force (USAF) Air Logistics Complexes for a period of five years. Lockheed Martin will act as the industrial product-support vendor to enable replenishment of consumable parts to the Air Logistics Complexes, under the USAF Generation III logistics programme. The Boeing Company has received a contract modification worth $371.24m to provide supply chain support for the US Air Force’s F-15 fighter aircraft. "Space Exploration will oversee launch vehicle production, spaceflight worthiness, mission integration and launch operations of the GPS III satellite." Awarded by the US Defense Logistics Agency Aviation, the contract has a five-year base period with five-year extension options. The US Space and Missile Systems Center based at Los Angeles Air Force Base has awarded a contract worth $96.5m to Space Exploration Technologies Corp. in support of a GPS III spacecraft. Space Exploration will oversee launch vehicle production, spaceflight worthiness, mission integration and launch operations of the GPS III satellite under the contract until April 2019. Lockheed Martin Aeronautics has secured a contract modification worth $40.06m to strip and recoat the F-22 Raptor tactical fighter jet fleet of the US Air Force. The work under the contract, which has been awarded by the US Air Force Life Cycle Management Center, is scheduled to be completed by June 2019. Indian aerospace and defence company, Hindustan Aeronautics Limited, has entered a deal with two Russian firms for the maintenance of the Su-30 MKI multi-role fighter aircraft. United Aircraft Corporation and United Engine Corporation of Russia will provide spare parts and technical assistance to the Indian Air Force’s Su-30 MKI aircraft, as part of the deal. Share Related Articles » Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Newsletter For all the latest air force industry news, sign up for our regular updates. Contact us Advertise with us Terms and conditions Privacy Links About us Digital Magazine Follow us: www.airforce-technology.com is a product of Kable. Copyright 2017 Kable, a trading division of Kable Intelligence Limited.
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Blade Vault, Reprints Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education Weekly Ads Sunday, Mar 26, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion World INTERNATIONAL SPACE STATION Spacewalking astronauts prep station for new parking spot ASSOCIATED PRESS Published on March 24, 2017 Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. — Astronauts ventured out on a spacewalk today to prep the International Space Station for a new parking spot. NASA’s Shane Kimbrough and France’s Thomas Pesquet emerged early from the orbiting complex, then went their separate ways to accomplish as much as possible 250 miles up. “We are ready to get to work,” Mission Control informed them. Their main job involves disconnecting an old docking port. This port needs to be moved in order to make room for a docking device compatible with future commercial crew capsules. The new port — the second of two — will fly up late this year or early next. If all goes well, flight controllers in Houston will relocate the old docking port Sunday, using the station’s robotic arm. Then next Thursday, the crew will conduct another spacewalk to secure the unit. SpaceX and Boeing are developing capsules capable of flying astronauts to and from the space station. Until the SpaceX Crew Dragon and Boeing Starliner come on line — possibly next year — U.S. astronauts will have to keep riding Russian rockets to orbit. Also on the spacewalkers’ to-do list today: try to pinpoint a small ammonia coolant leak in outdoor plumbing; replace a computer-relay box with an upgraded version; replace a pair of Japanese cameras; and grease latching mechanisms on the end of the big robot arm. NASA wants to cram in two and possibly three spacewalks before Kimbrough, the station’s commander, returns to Earth on April 10. Before a third spacewalk can be conducted, however, Orbital ATK needs to launch a cargo ship to the space station with replacement parts. That shipment was supposed to be there by now, but repeatedly has been delayed because of rocket concerns. It’s unclear when the Atlas V rocket will be ready to soar from Cape Canaveral, Florida. NASA has been contracting out cargo deliveries since the end of the space shuttle program in 2011. The space agency is counting on private companies to do the same with astronauts. Online: NASA: https://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/station/main/index.html Related Items National Aeronautics and Space Administration , United States government , florida , united states , north america Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Medical Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
null
Home Sections Wired World South Africa Africa World Business Life, Etc Sport Opinionistas Special Features Coughing Up For Gold Until Julius Comes Brain Porn Daily Maverick Podcasts Zapiro Cartoons Newsletter Search About About Us Contact Us Loading Everyone's preferred phone-a-friend 26 March 2017 17:40 (South Africa) Wired World Spacewalking French, US astronauts to upgrade orbiting lab AFP AFP Wired World 24 Mar 2017 01:25 (South Africa) by Kerry SHERIDAN A French and an American astronaut are scheduled to float outside the International Space Station Friday for a spacewalk aimed at upgrading the orbiting outpost for the arrival of future space crews. The spacewalk by France's Thomas Pesquet, 39, and American Shane Kimbrough, 49, will be the latest in a series of outings to install new docking ports for the next generation of commercial spacecraft. The new crew spaceships, currently under design by SpaceX and Boeing, should begin flying astronauts to the station in the coming years, as early as 2018. Currently, the only way the world's astronauts can reach orbit is by buying a ride aboard Russia's Soyuz capsules, at $81 million per seat. The goals for Friday's spacewalk include preparing for the installation of the second of two parking spots for space taxis, known as the International Docking Adapter. The pair of spacewalkers "will disconnect cables and electrical connections on the pressurized mating adapter (PMA-3) to prepare for its robotic move Thursday, March 30" during another spacewalk, NASA said in a statement. The mating adapter equipment "will be moved from the port side of the Tranquility module to the space-facing side of the Harmony module." In its new location, it will become the home for the International Docking Adapter, to be delivered on a future flight of a SpaceX Dragon cargo ship. Pesquet and Kimbrough also plan to install new computer equipment outside the space station, and will lubricate and inspect the space station's robotic arm, used to grab approaching spacecraft and move items outside the global laboratory. Other tasks include inspecting a radiator valve suspected of a small ammonia leak and replacing cameras on the Japanese segment of the outpost, the US space agency said. NASA television coverage of the spacewalk is set to begin at 6:30 am (1030 GMT). The spacewalk will be Pesquet's second and Kimbrough's fifth. The next outing on March 30 will include Kimbrough and American astronaut Peggy Whitson, making the eighth such outing of her career. A third spacewalk on April 6 is to include Pesquet and Whitson, who will surpass the record for spacewalks by any female astronauts. Later in April, the 57-year-old Whitson will also break the record for most number of days spent in space by an American astronaut.  The current US record of 534 days is held by astronaut Jeff Williams. Russian cosmonaut Gennady Padalka holds the record for the most cumulative days ever in space, at 879 days over five career trips. DM AFP AFP Wired World Get overnight news and latest Daily Maverick articles Email Address First Thing (Mon - Sun 06:15, SAST) Afternoon Thing Mon - Fri 15:00, SAST) Info Thing (Special Events/Notices/Offers) Zapiro Cartoons (Tue, Wed, Thur) Subscribe Do Not Miss Daily Maverick has suspended comments on the site. Until the interwebs figures out a better way to deal with the naughty kids in the class, the space for your comments is on our Facebook page and the Twitterverse. Alternatively, you are welcome to send a letter to the editor. About Us Contact Us Reader Covenants Legal Privacy Policy Comments Policy RSS
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » PTI Stories » National » News Two arrested for illegally trying to slaughter buffaloes Castorseed futures surge further on firm domestic spot cues Business Standard Spacewalking French, US astronauts to upgrade orbiting lab AFP  |  Miami  March 24, 2017 Last Updated at 12:07 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UUGe4Q ALSO READ Russia faces ban calls after damning doping revelations Russia beat Romania in historic Chechnya friendly Firefighting Coe, Russia again in IAAF spotlight Siril, Arundhati enter second round at Russia Open Russia slams Kiev's ban on Eurovision singer: agency A French and an American astronaut are scheduled to float outside the International Space Station today for a spacewalk aimed at upgrading the orbiting outpost for the arrival of future space crews. The spacewalk by France's Thomas Pesquet, 39, and American Shane Kimbrough, 49, will be the latest in a series of outings to install new docking ports for the next generation of commercial spacecraft. The new crew spaceships, currently under design by SpaceX and Boeing, should begin flying astronauts to the station in the coming years, as early as 2018. Currently, the only way the world's astronauts can reach orbit is by buying a ride aboard Russia's Soyuz capsules, at $81 million per seat. The goals for Friday's spacewalk include preparing for the installation of the second of two parking spots for space taxis, known as the International Docking Adapter. The pair of spacewalkers "will disconnect cables and electrical connections on the pressurized mating adapter (PMA-3) to prepare for its robotic move Thursday, March 30" during another spacewalk, NASA said in a statement. The mating adapter equipment "will be moved from the port side of the Tranquility module to the space-facing side of the Harmony module." In its new location, it will become the home for the International Docking Adapter, to be delivered on a future flight of a SpaceX Dragon cargo ship. Pesquet and Kimbrough also plan to install new computer equipment outside the space station, and will lubricate and inspect the space station's robotic arm, used to grab approaching spacecraft and move items outside the global laboratory. Other tasks include inspecting a radiator valve suspected of a small ammonia leak and replacing cameras on the Japanese segment of the outpost, the US space agency said. NASA television coverage of the spacewalk is set to begin at 6:30 am. The spacewalk will be Pesquet's second and Kimbrough's fifth. The next outing on March 30 will include Kimbrough and American astronaut Peggy Whitson, making the eighth such outing of her career. A third spacewalk on April 6 is to include Pesquet and Whitson, who will surpass the record for spacewalks by any female astronauts. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On National News | International News | Russia | Pti Stories | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Banking conveinience on the go, anytime...anywhere Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Lavish 3 & 4 BHK in Khar, Mumbai @ 6.9 Cr* Onwards Start Free* Trading in Share Market for 1st Month Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Luxury 3 & 4 BHK in BKC, Mumbai @ 6.4 Cr* Onwards Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance 0* Brokerage for 1st Mnth Trading &100% Free* Demat A/c New to investing in shares? Main Jahan, Mera Bank Wahan New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Spacewalking French, US astronauts to upgrade orbiting lab A French and an American astronaut are scheduled to float outside the International Space Station today for a spacewalk aimed at upgrading the orbiting outpost for the arrival of future space crews. The spacewalk by France's Thomas Pesquet, 39, and American Shane Kimbrough, 49, will be the latest in a series of outings to install new docking ports for the next generation of commercial spacecraft. The new crew spaceships, currently under design by SpaceX and Boeing, should begin flying astronauts to the station in the coming years, as early as 2018. Currently, the only way the world's astronauts can reach orbit is by buying a ride aboard Russia's Soyuz capsules, at $81 million per seat. The goals for Friday's spacewalk include preparing for the installation of the second of two parking spots for space taxis, known as the International Docking Adapter. The pair of spacewalkers "will disconnect cables and electrical connections on the pressurized mating adapter (PMA-3) to prepare ... A French and an American astronaut are scheduled to float outside the International Space Station today for a spacewalk aimed at upgrading the orbiting outpost for the arrival of future space crews. The spacewalk by France's Thomas Pesquet, 39, and American Shane Kimbrough, 49, will be the latest in a series of outings to install new docking ports for the next generation of commercial spacecraft. The new crew spaceships, currently under design by SpaceX and Boeing, should begin flying astronauts to the station in the coming years, as early as 2018. Currently, the only way the world's astronauts can reach orbit is by buying a ride aboard Russia's Soyuz capsules, at $81 million per seat. The goals for Friday's spacewalk include preparing for the installation of the second of two parking spots for space taxis, known as the International Docking Adapter. The pair of spacewalkers "will disconnect cables and electrical connections on the pressurized mating adapter (PMA-3) to prepare for its robotic move Thursday, March 30" during another spacewalk, NASA said in a statement. The mating adapter equipment "will be moved from the port side of the Tranquility module to the space-facing side of the Harmony module." In its new location, it will become the home for the International Docking Adapter, to be delivered on a future flight of a SpaceX Dragon cargo ship. Pesquet and Kimbrough also plan to install new computer equipment outside the space station, and will lubricate and inspect the space station's robotic arm, used to grab approaching spacecraft and move items outside the global laboratory. Other tasks include inspecting a radiator valve suspected of a small ammonia leak and replacing cameras on the Japanese segment of the outpost, the US space agency said. NASA television coverage of the spacewalk is set to begin at 6:30 am. The spacewalk will be Pesquet's second and Kimbrough's fifth. The next outing on March 30 will include Kimbrough and American astronaut Peggy Whitson, making the eighth such outing of her career. A third spacewalk on April 6 is to include Pesquet and Whitson, who will surpass the record for spacewalks by any female astronauts. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) AFP Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Spacewalking French, US astronauts to upgrade orbiting lab A French and an American astronaut are scheduled to float outside the International Space Station today for a spacewalk aimed at upgrading the orbiting outpost for the arrival of future space crews. The spacewalk by France's Thomas Pesquet, 39, and American Shane Kimbrough, 49, will be the latest in a series of outings to install new docking ports for the next generation of commercial spacecraft. The new crew spaceships, currently under design by SpaceX and Boeing, should begin flying astronauts to the station in the coming years, as early as 2018. Currently, the only way the world's astronauts can reach orbit is by buying a ride aboard Russia's Soyuz capsules, at $81 million per seat. The goals for Friday's spacewalk include preparing for the installation of the second of two parking spots for space taxis, known as the International Docking Adapter. The pair of spacewalkers "will disconnect cables and electrical connections on the pressurized mating adapter (PMA-3) to prepare for its robotic move Thursday, March 30" during another spacewalk, NASA said in a statement. The mating adapter equipment "will be moved from the port side of the Tranquility module to the space-facing side of the Harmony module." In its new location, it will become the home for the International Docking Adapter, to be delivered on a future flight of a SpaceX Dragon cargo ship. Pesquet and Kimbrough also plan to install new computer equipment outside the space station, and will lubricate and inspect the space station's robotic arm, used to grab approaching spacecraft and move items outside the global laboratory. Other tasks include inspecting a radiator valve suspected of a small ammonia leak and replacing cameras on the Japanese segment of the outpost, the US space agency said. NASA television coverage of the spacewalk is set to begin at 6:30 am. The spacewalk will be Pesquet's second and Kimbrough's fifth. The next outing on March 30 will include Kimbrough and American astronaut Peggy Whitson, making the eighth such outing of her career. A third spacewalk on April 6 is to include Pesquet and Whitson, who will surpass the record for spacewalks by any female astronauts. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) AFP Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
We're Sorry eNCA does not support the browser you are using. Please update Internet Explorer to version 11 or higher, or download and install the Google Chrome browser No thanks I'll take my chances ... click here to view eNCA.com in this browser. 21 °C 12 °C Johannesburg, South Africa 23 °C 13 °C Pretoria, South Africa 23 °C 13 °C Cape Town, South Africa 22 °C 17 °C Durban, South Africa 19 °C 13 °C Mbombela, South Africa 25 °C 11 °C Bloemfontein, South Africa 21 °C 13 °C Polokwane, South Africa 23 °C 15 °C Port Elizabeth, South Africa 23 °C 15 °C East London, South Africa 32 °C 13 °C Upington, South Africa 27 °C 13 °C Mahikeng, South Africa Change City Johannesburg Pretoria Cape Town Durban Mbombela Bloemfontein Polokwane Port Elizabeth East London Upington Mahikeng Newsletters News Stream TV Guide Story At the mercy of gangs Story Moses Tladi's art unearthed Story MAP: F1 race schedule for 2017 Top Stories Video Radio South Africa Africa World Money Sport Technology Life Opinion Weather Interviews Podcasts Comment Now! Spacewalking astronauts to upgrade orbiting lab Technology Friday 24 March 2017 - 7:43am File: A French and an American astronaut are scheduled to float outside the International Space Station on Friday for a spacewalk. Photo: AFP / Thomas Pesquet MIAMI - A French and an American astronaut are scheduled to float outside the International Space Station Friday for a spacewalk aimed at upgrading the orbiting outpost for the arrival of future space crews. The spacewalk by France's Thomas Pesquet and American Shane Kimbrough will be the latest in a series of outings to install new docking ports for the next generation of commercial spacecraft. The new crew spaceships, currently under design by SpaceX and Boeing, should begin flying astronauts to the station in the coming years, as early as 2018. Currently, the only way the world's astronauts can reach orbit is by buying a ride aboard Russia's Soyuz capsules, at $81-million per seat. The goals for Friday's spacewalk include preparing for the installation of the second of two parking spots for space taxis, known as the International Docking Adapter. The pair of spacewalkers "will disconnect cables and electrical connections on the pressurised mating adapter (PMA-3) to prepare for its robotic move Thursday, March 30" during another spacewalk, NASA said in a statement. The mating adapter equipment "will be moved from the port side of the Tranquility module to the space-facing side of the Harmony module." In its new location, it will become the home for the International Docking Adapter, to be delivered on a future flight of a SpaceX Dragon cargo ship. Pesquet and Kimbrough also plan to install new computer equipment outside the space station, and will lubricate and inspect the space station's robotic arm, used to grab approaching spacecraft and move items outside the global laboratory. Other tasks include inspecting a radiator valve suspected of a small ammonia leak and replacing cameras on the Japanese segment of the outpost, the US space agency said. NASA television coverage of the spacewalk is set to begin at 6.30am. The spacewalk will be Pesquet's second and Kimbrough's fifth. The next outing on March 30 will include Kimbrough and American astronaut Peggy Whitson, making the eighth such outing of her career. A third spacewalk on April 6 is to include Pesquet and Whitson, who will surpass the record for spacewalks by any female astronauts. Later in April, the 57-year-old Whitson will also break the record for most number of days spent in space by an American astronaut. The current US record of 534 days is held by astronaut Jeff Williams. Russian cosmonaut Gennady Padalka holds the record for the most cumulative days ever in space, at 879 days over five career trips. AFP Comment Now! Discussion Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Trending 1Trump losing streak continues as Obamacare bluff is called 2Miss South Africa 2017 to be crowned 3INTERVIEW: ANC veteran Khulu Mbatha speaks on partys challenges 4WATCH: Kwesta smashes freestyle on Sway 5Steve Harvey Show presents four year old worship leader Full coverage Turmoil at the SABC ConCourt dismisses SABC8 case The Sassa grant payments debacle All systems go for social grant payments: Dept of Social Development Israeli/Palestinian conflict Hamas shuts Gaza crossing with Israel after official's assassination Vavi's fall from Cosatu Vavi not looking to settle political scores with new union View All Cartoon Currencies Commodities JSE Indices US Dollar 12.437 0.0336 GB Pound 15.5088 0.0998 Euro 13.4348 0.0132 View More Data delayed by at least 15 minutes. ICE Brent Crude $ 50.97 0.91 Gold $ 1245.01 -0.26 Platinum $ 963.5 -0.1 View More Data delayed by at least 15 minutes. FTSE/JSE Top 40 44662.59 0 FTSE/JSE All Share 51816.31 0 FTSE/JSE Resource 10 30503.48 0 View More Data delayed by at least 15 minutes. SECTIONS Top Stories South Africa Africa World Money Sport Life Technology Opinion SHOWS #Africa Against All Odds CheckPoint eNCA Afrikaans eNCA isiZulu eNews Direct eShibobo Judge For Yourself Maggs on Media Meet the Media with Eusebius Mckasier Moneyline The Justice Factor Week In One ABOUT About Contact Jobs News Team Privacy Policy Press Releases Licensing Discussions Policy Advertise on eNCA.com WATCH US ON 24h Live Stream DSTV 403 e.tv africa eNews Direct eNuus Kyknet FOLLOW US ON Twitter Facebook Youtube RSS Feeds © 2016 eNews Channel Africa. All rights reserved NEWS STREAMclose View All News Stream 0 eNCA.com would like to send you push notifications. Notifications can be turned off any time in your browser settings. Yes, please. No, thanks. You have been registered for browser notifications Click here to find out how to turn notifcations off in browser settings. Close
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 March 2017 by satprnews satprnews Flight Simulator Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2017 – 2022 This report studies Flight Simulator in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India, focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with capacity, production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering CAE L-3 Communications Holdings Flightsafety International Inc The Boeing Company Thales Group Rockwell Collins Airbus Group Indra Sistemas The Raytheon Company 11TRU Simulation + Training Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue, market share and growth rate of Flight Simulator in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast), like North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India. Request a sample of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/196618  Split by product type, with production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into Type I Type II Split by application, this report focuses on consumption, market share and growth rate of Flight Simulator in each application, can be divided into Application 1 Application 2 For more information contact sales@orbisresearch.com Some Points From List Of Tables: Figure Picture of Flight Simulator Figure Global Production Market Share of Flight Simulator by Type in 2015 Figure Product Picture of Type I Table Major Manufacturers of Type I Figure Product Picture of Type II Table Major Manufacturers of Type II Table Flight Simulator Consumption Market Share by Application in 2015 Figure Application 1 Examples Figure Application 2 Examples Figure North America Flight Simulator Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure Europe Flight Simulator Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure China Flight Simulator Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure Japan Flight Simulator Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure Southeast Asia Flight Simulator Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure India Flight Simulator Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure Global Flight Simulator Revenue (Million UDS) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Us: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 Email ID: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsCompanies, company, Defence And Security, Electronics, Flight Simulator Industry, Flight Simulator Market, Google News, Industry, Machinery, major, Manufacturing and Construction, Markets, Orbis Research, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 2017-2022 News Bulletin on Wind Turbine Pitch System Market Type, Specification, Technology And Predicts Report On Global And United States Next PostNext 2022 Forecast and Trend Analysis on Global Aviation Tires Industry 2017 Search Recent Posts Oil Insurance Limited (OIL) dichiara un dividendo di 250 milioni di dollari e apporta piccoli cambiamenti al suo piano di rating e premi External Remote Patient Monitoring Devices Market Well Prepared To Meet Futuristic Demands Of Healthcare At Home – MarketIntelReports Oil Insurance Limited (OIL) déclare un dividende de 250 millions USD et apporte des modifications mineures à son plan de notation et de primes Intermittent Catheters Market Planning To Make The Most Of The Cost-Effectiveness Provided By Hydrophilic Coated Models – MarketIntelReports The First Group Showcases Unparalleled Opportunities in Dubai’s Booming Property Sector to Chinese Investors Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Latest Pakistan World Entertainment Sci-Tech Sports Business Videos TV Shows GEO URDU Watch Live Geo Asool HOME LATEST PAKISTAN WORLD Entertainment Sci-Tech Sports BUSINESS VIDEOS TV SHOWS SCHEDULE GEO URDU Watch Live Hot Topics Panama Leaks PSL scandal military courts pakistan census RaddulFasaad Trump Print Story X Print Story Home / Sci-Tech / Spacewalking French, US astronauts to upgrade orbiting lab Spacewalking French, US astronauts to upgrade orbiting lab | By  AAFP | March 24, 2017 Sci-Tech 0 0 Story Highlights French and American astronaut to float for spacewalk Only to reach orbit is buying a ride for $81 million per set NASA television coverage of the spacewalk is set to begin at 1030 GMT MIAMI: A French and an American astronaut are scheduled to float outside the International Space Station Friday for a spacewalk aimed at upgrading the orbiting outpost for the arrival of future space crews. The spacewalk by France's Thomas Pesquet, 39, and American Shane Kimbrough, 49, will be the latest in a series of outings to install new docking ports for the next generation of commercial spacecraft. The new crew spaceships, currently under design by SpaceX and Boeing, should begin flying astronauts to the station in the coming years, as early as 2018. Currently, the only way the world´s astronauts can reach orbit is by buying a ride aboard Russia's Soyuz capsules, at $81 million per seat. The goals for Friday's spacewalk include preparing for the installation of the second of two parking spots for space taxis, known as the International Docking Adapter. The pair of spacewalkers "will disconnect cables and electrical connections on the pressurized mating adapter (PMA-3) to prepare for its robotic move Thursday, March 30" during another spacewalk, NASA said in a statement. The mating adapter equipment "will be moved from the port side of the Tranquility module to the space-facing side of the Harmony module." In its new location, it will become the home for the International Docking Adapter, to be delivered on a future flight of a SpaceX Dragon cargo ship. Pesquet and Kimbrough also plan to install new computer equipment outside the space station, and will lubricate and inspect the space station´s robotic arm, used to grab approaching spacecraft and move items outside the global laboratory. Other tasks include inspecting a radiator valve suspected of a small ammonia leak and replacing cameras on the Japanese segment of the outpost, the US space agency said. NASA television coverage of the spacewalk is set to begin at 6:30 am (1030 GMT). The spacewalk will be Pesquet´s second and Kimbrough´s fifth. The next outing on March 30 will include Kimbrough and American astronaut Peggy Whitson, making the eighth such outing of her career. A third spacewalk on April 6 is to include Pesquet and Whitson, who will surpass the record for spacewalks by any female astronauts. Later in April, the 57-year-old Whitson will also break the record for most number of days spent in space by an American astronaut. The current US record of 534 days is held by astronaut Jeff Williams. Russian cosmonaut Gennady Padalka holds the record for the most cumulative days ever in space, at 879 days over five career trips. 0 0 Spacewalking French, US astronauts to upgrade orbiting lab was posted in Sci-Tech of Geo TV - https://www.geo.tv on March 24, 2017 and was last updated on March 24, 2017. This news story is related to Latest Sci Tech News, Latest Geo News, Latest World News, Space, Outer Space, Orbits, Astronauts, Nasa, Space Taxis. Permanent link to the news story "Spacewalking French, US astronauts to upgrade orbiting lab" is https://www.geo.tv/latest/135370-Spacewalking-French-US-astronauts-to-upgrade-orbiting-lab. More From Sci-Tech: March 26, 2017 End-to-end encryption on messaging services unacceptable: UK minister March 26, 2017 Roundup: Mario launches on Android, Uber announces Teen Accounts March 25, 2017 China court overturns ruling that said Apple violated patent March 25, 2017 Stephen Hawking appears as hologram in Hong Kong March 25, 2017 YouTube's bid to grab TV dollars imperiled by advertiser revolt March 24, 2017 Twitter declines Pakistan’s request to remove accounts March 24, 2017 Social media potpourri: LinkedIn to add Facebook-like feature March 24, 2017 Twitter explores subscription-based option for first time Latest News 2 minutes ago Ranbir Kapoor’s heartfelt thanks to Gauri Khan will make you melt 7 minutes ago Last time was in shackles, now I am in the field: Zardari 18 minutes ago Sweden hotel offers refund -- only if you divorce 31 minutes ago Grave mistakes found in Lahore board’s exam papers 41 minutes ago FC Balochistan foils IED attack 59 minutes ago Lyon roars for Australia in fourth India Test GEO TV NETWORK Geo Super Sports Channel Har Pal Geo Geo Entertainment Geo Kahani Geo Kahani MULTIMEDIA Geo News Live Video Schedule Program Profiles RSS CORPORATE About Us Privacy Policy & Terms of Use Advertising Guide Faq Distribution Corporate Profile Booking Status Faq (General) GEO TV Satellite Parameters OTHERS Career Geo Talent Contact Us SOCIAL Copyright © GEO TV, All rights reserved Back to top
NDTV Business Hindi Movies Cricket Good Times Food Tech Auto Apps Prime Art Weddings Sections Home | World COMMENTS Sections Live TV Videos Latest India Elections Opinion Cities World Sports Photos Schedule Trends OffBeat People Health Indians Abroad South Cheat Sheet Voices Forums Weather News Alerts Spacewalking French, US Astronauts To Upgrade Orbiting Lab World | Agence France-Presse | Updated: March 24, 2017 13:56 IST 99 Shares EMAIL PRINT COMMENTS New crew spaceships should begin flying astronauts to station in the coming years by 2018. (File Photo) Miami:  A French and an American astronaut are scheduled to float outside the International Space Station Friday for a spacewalk aimed at upgrading the orbiting outpost for the arrival of future space crews. The spacewalk by France's Thomas Pesquet, 39, and American Shane Kimbrough, 49, will be the latest in a series of outings to install new docking ports for the next generation of commercial spacecraft. The new crew spaceships, currently under design by SpaceX and Boeing, should begin flying astronauts to the station in the coming years, as early as 2018. Currently, the only way the world's astronauts can reach orbit is by buying a ride aboard Russia's Soyuz capsules, at $81 million per seat. The goals for Friday's spacewalk include preparing for the installation of the second of two parking spots for space taxis, known as the International Docking Adapter. The pair of spacewalkers "will disconnect cables and electrical connections on the pressurized mating adapter (PMA-3) to prepare for its robotic move Thursday, March 30" during another spacewalk, NASA said in a statement. The mating adapter equipment "will be moved from the port side of the Tranquility module to the space-facing side of the Harmony module." In its new location, it will become the home for the International Docking Adapter, to be delivered on a future flight of a SpaceX Dragon cargo ship. Pesquet and Kimbrough also plan to install new computer equipment outside the space station, and will lubricate and inspect the space station's robotic arm, used to grab approaching spacecraft and move items outside the global laboratory. Other tasks include inspecting a radiator valve suspected of a small ammonia leak and replacing cameras on the Japanese segment of the outpost, the US space agency said. NASA television coverage of the spacewalk is set to begin at 6:30 am (1030 GMT). The spacewalk will be Pesquet's second and Kimbrough's fifth. The next outing on March 30 will include Kimbrough and American astronaut Peggy Whitson, making the eighth such outing of her career. A third spacewalk on April 6 is to include Pesquet and Whitson, who will surpass the record for spacewalks by any female astronauts. Later in April, the 57-year-old Whitson will also break the record for most number of days spent in space by an American astronaut. The current US record of 534 days is held by astronaut Jeff Williams. Russian cosmonaut Gennady Padalka holds the record for the most cumulative days ever in space, at 879 days over five career trips. (This story has not been edited by NDTV staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Trending Movies: Could This Be The End Of The Kapil Sharma Show? Gadgets: Reliance Jio Prime Subscription Deadline to Be Extended by a Month? Sports: KL Rahul Calls His Pull Shot 'Horrible', Blames Himself For Criticism Related British Teenager Points Out Error in NASA Data British Teen Corrects NASA Data Error, Receives 'Appreciation' From Space Agency NASA's Hubble Detects Supermassive Black Hole That Was Kicked Out of Galactic Core by Gravitational Waves In A Historic Win, Britain's Labour Party Gets 5 Seats In City Of London UAE Surprised By Laptop Ban In US-Bound Planes, But Agrees To Cooperate Share this story on 99 Shares ALSO READMaharashtra's Shivaji Memorial Grows Taller To Top Buddha Statue In China International Space StationOrbit Lab UpgradationNASASpace Research ................................ Advertisement ................................ Quick LinksLive Cricket ScoreMachineTrappedAnaarkali Of AarahLava Z25Phillauri ................................ Advertisement ................................ 2 Months Out Of Office, Obama Is Having A Post-Presidency Like No Other GATE 2017 Results Declared By IIT Roorkee; Know How To Check In Gorakhpur, Yogi Adityanath Reminds People Of 'Responsibilities' Indian Man In Australia Assaulted And Abused By Teenagers At Restaurant RSS News Alerts Mobile Apps Apple Android Windows Facebook Twitter Google + LinkedIn About Us Archives Advertise Feedback Disclaimer Investor Complaint Redressal Ombudsman Careers Service Terms Channel Distribution © Copyright NDTV Convergence Limited 2017. All rights reserved. Tweet Add to Flipboard Magazine.
News, info, live news - Radio France Internationale - RFI Home France Africa Asia Middle East Europe Americas Environment Economy Culture Sport Features Term Start search Filters Learn French RFI Music Search France Médias Monde France 24 Monte Carlo Doualiya The Observers Académie France Médias Monde Atelier des médias Mondoblog RFI Instrumental Low Bandwidth RFI in 15 languages RFI English Bulletins Bulletin in e... All news bull... RFI World   Play Listen to RFI News Expand Player Replay The Sound Kitchen Party-On Pakistan !   Listen Download Podcast RFI English News flash 04h00 - 04h10 GMT Mon-Fri News bulletin 03/26 04h00 GMT read record Paris Live AM 04h10 - 04h30 GMT Mon-Fri Features and analysis 03/26 04h10 GMT read record RFI English News flash 05h00 - 05h10 GMT Mon-Fri News bulletin 03/26 05h00 GMT read record Paris Live AM 05h10 - 05h30 GMT Mon-Fri Features and analysis 03/26 05h10 GMT read record RFI English News flash 06h00 - 06h10 GMT Mon-Fri News bulletin 03/26 06h00 GMT read record Paris Live AM 06h10 - 06h30 GMT Mon-Fri Features and analysis 03/26 06h10 GMT read record RFI English News flash 06h30 - 06h33 GMT Mon-Fri News bulletin 03/26 06h30 GMT read record Paris Live AM 06h33 - 06h59 GMT Mon-Fri Features and analysis 03/26 06h33 GMT read record RFI English News flash 07h00 - 07h10 GMT Mon-Fri News bulletin 03/26 07h00 GMT read record RFI English News flash 07h30 - 07h33 GMT Mon-Fri News bulletin 03/26 07h30 GMT read record RFI English News flash 14h00 - 14h03 GMT Sat-Sun News bulletin 03/26 14h00 GMT read record RFI English News flash 14h00 - 14h06 GMT Mon-Fri News bulletin 03/24 14h00 GMT read record Paris Live Weekend 14h03 - 14h30 GMT Sat-Sun Features and analysis 03/26 14h03 GMT read record Paris Live PM 14h06 - 14h30 GMT Mon-Fri Features and analysis 03/24 14h06 GMT read record RFI English News flash 14h30 - 14h33 GMT Mon-Fri News bulletin 03/26 14h30 GMT read record Paris Live PM 14h33 - 14h59 GMT Mon-Fri Features and analysis 03/26 14h33 GMT read record RFI English News flash 16h00 - 16h03 GMT Sat-Sun News bulletin 03/25 16h00 GMT read record RFI English News flash 16h00 - 16h06 GMT Sat-Sun News bulletin 03/24 16h00 GMT read record Paris Live Weekend 16h03 - 16h30 GMT Sat-Sun Features and analysis 03/25 16h03 GMT read record RFI English News flash 16h30 - 16h33 GMT Mon-Fri News bulletin 03/25 16h30 GMT read record Paris Live Weekend 16h33 - 17h00 GMT Sat-Sun Features and analysis 03/25 16h33 GMT read record Latest broadcasts 3/26/17 International media How bloggers in Vietnam slip under the radar 3/26/17 Spotlight on Asia Highlighting transgender issues in Vietnam. 3/26/17 Sports Insight One step closer to Russia 2018 3/25/17 The Sound Kitchen Party-On Pakistan ! 3/26/17 Global Focus What now for reproductive health after Trump reinstates global … For an optimal navigation, the RFI website requires JavaScript to be enabled in your browser. To take full advantage of multimedia content, you must have the Flash plugin installed in your browser. To connect, you need to enable cookies in your browser settings. For an optimal navigation, the RFI site is compatible with the following browsers: Internet Explorer 8 and above, Firefox 10 and +, Safari 3+, Chrome 17 and + etc. Latest news One killed, 14 wounded in Ohio nightclub shooting - US media France Tweeter France Space Astronaut Spacewalking French astronaut to upgrade orbiting lab By RFI Issued on 24-03-2017 Modified 24-03-2017 to 09:09 Thomas Pesquet on the International Space Station in 2016 ESA/NASA A French and an American astronaut are scheduled to float outside the International Space Station Friday for a spacewalk aimed at upgrading the orbiting outpost for the arrival of future space crews. The spacewalk by France's Thomas Pesquet, 39, and American Shane Kimbrough, 49, will be the latest in a series of outings to install new docking ports for the next generation of commercial spacecraft. The new crew spaceships, currently under design by SpaceX and Boeing, should begin flying astronauts to the station in the coming years, as early as 2018. Currently, the only way the world's astronauts can reach orbit is by buying a ride aboard Russia's Soyuz capsules, at $81 million per seat. The goals for Friday's spacewalk include preparing for the installation of the second of two parking spots for space taxis, known as the International Docking Adapter. The pair of spacewalkers "will disconnect cables and electrical connections on the pressurized mating adapter (PMA-3) to prepare for its robotic move Thursday, March 30" during another spacewalk, NASA said in a statement. The mating adapter equipment "will be moved from the port side of the Tranquility module to the space-facing side of the Harmony module." In its new location, it will become the home for the International Docking Adapter, to be delivered on a future flight of a SpaceX Dragon cargo ship. Pesquet and Kimbrough also plan to install new computer equipment outside the space station, and will lubricate and inspect the space station's robotic arm, used to grab approaching spacecraft and move items outside the global laboratory. Other tasks include inspecting a radiator valve suspected of a small ammonia leak and replacing cameras on the Japanese segment of the outpost, the US space agency said. NASA television coverage of the spacewalk is set to begin at 11:30 CET. The spacewalk will be Pesquet's second and Kimbrough's fifth. The next outing on March 30 will include Kimbrough and American astronaut Peggy Whitson, making the eighth such outing of her career. A third spacewalk on April 6 is to include Pesquet and Whitson, who will surpass the record for spacewalks by any female astronauts. Later in April, the 57-year-old Whitson will also break the record for most number of days spent in space by an American astronaut. The current US record of 534 days is held by astronaut Jeff Williams. Russian cosmonaut Gennady Padalka holds the record for the most cumulative days ever in space, at 879 days over five career trips.   Tweeter Related French, US astronauts complete space … French astronaut to blast off next … Sport 26/03/2017 Sport India Australia Lyon keeps Australia in the hunt against India 26/03/2017 Sport Formula 1 Australia Vettel outmanoeuvres Hamilton to win Australian GP 26/03/2017 Sport World Cup One step closer to Russia 2018 Press reviews 26/03/2017 French weekly magazines review 26 March 2017 25/03/2017 French press review 25 March 2017 AFP Trump blames party hardliners for health debacle, as more battles loom Oil producers look into rollover of output cuts Red tape delays Ethiopian migration to Israel 56 jail terms for Egypt migrant shipwreck Bulgaria election: the main players Rooney still has role to play for club and country: Scholes Fighting puts Syria IS-held dam out of service Thousands protest against corruption across Russia Le Pen plan to jettison euro spooks French business Iran to appeal seizure of 9/11 compensation money Facebook News Broadcasts All news Practical About RFI Services Mobile / Tablet Buy content RFI store CD Books Audio archives Related productions RFI in other languages French Brazilian Portuguese Portuguese Cambodian Simplified Chinese Traditional Chinese Spanish Hausa Mandingo Persian Romanian Russian Swahili Vietnamese France Médias Monde Learn French RFI Music RFI Planète Radio RFI Instrumental France 24 Monte Carlo Doualiya Académie Listen to RFI Join the community Facebook Twitter Google + Instagram Dailymotion Youtube Soundcloud Tune-In About RFI Contact us Become a partner radio Advertising Legal notice © 2017 Copyright RFI – All rights reserved RFI is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites Audience ratings certified by ACPM/OJD   Sorry but the period of time connection to the operation is exceeded.
Photos Videos Topics Live NZ 67/0 (25.3) - SA 314/10 (89.2) Live IND 248/6 (91) - AUS 300/10 (88.3) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Ravindra Gaikwad Yogi Adityanath Virat Kohli Donald Trump Narendra Modi Home Sci/Tech Spacewalking French, US astronauts to upgrade orbiting lab Shares1 Fri, 24 Mar 2017-12:10pm , PTI A French and an American astronaut are scheduled to float outside the International Space Station today for a spacewalk aimed at upgrading the orbiting outpost for the arrival of future space crews. The spacewalk by France's Thomas Pesquet, 39, and American Shane Kimbrough, 49, will be the latest in a series of outings to install new docking ports for the next generation of commercial spacecraft. The new crew spaceships, currently under design by SpaceX and Boeing, should begin flying astronauts to the station in the coming years, as early as 2018. Currently, the only way the world's astronauts can reach orbit is by buying a ride aboard Russia's Soyuz capsules, at $81 million per seat. The goals for Friday's spacewalk include preparing for the installation of the second of two parking spots for space taxis, known as the International Docking Adapter. The pair of spacewalkers "will disconnect cables and electrical connections on the pressurized mating adapter (PMA-3) to prepare for its robotic move Thursday, March 30" during another spacewalk, NASA said in a statement. The mating adapter equipment "will be moved from the port side of the Tranquility module to the space-facing side of the Harmony module." In its new location, it will become the home for the International Docking Adapter, to be delivered on a future flight of a SpaceX Dragon cargo ship. Pesquet and Kimbrough also plan to install new computer equipment outside the space station, and will lubricate and inspect the space station's robotic arm, used to grab approaching spacecraft and move items outside the global laboratory. Other tasks include inspecting a radiator valve suspected of a small ammonia leak and replacing cameras on the Japanese segment of the outpost, the US space agency said. NASA television coverage of the spacewalk is set to begin at 6:30 am. The spacewalk will be Pesquet's second and Kimbrough's fifth. The next outing on March 30 will include Kimbrough and American astronaut Peggy Whitson, making the eighth such outing of her career. A third spacewalk on April 6 is to include Pesquet and Whitson, who will surpass the record for spacewalks by any female astronauts. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Sci/Tech New algorithm can tell when you'll get bored of mobile game Sci/Tech Xiaomi Mi 6 and Xiaomi Mi 6 Plus specifications, prices surface online Sci/Tech Most massive brown dwarf discovered 750 light years away Sci/Tech Reliance Jio Prime to get one month's extension till April 30? Sci/Tech How eye movements may tell if someone is lying Sci/Tech How a 17-year-old corrected data recorded by NASA on the International Space Station Live Cricket Score Live NZ 67/0 (25.3) NZ trail by 247 runs SA 314/10 (89.2) Full Scorecard | Commentary Live IND 248/6 (91) IND trail by 52 runs AUS 300/10 (88.3) Full Scorecard | Commentary West Indies vs Pakistan Sun, 26 March 2017, 10:00 PM IST Related NASA's new 'sensory skin' can detect damages outside spacecraft Robots to be employed by UK in future, risk to 30 percent of employees Twitter blocks 3.7 lakh accounts in six months for promoting terrorism Video WATCH | Earth Hour 2017: Cities around the world plunge into darkness to bring light to climate change WATCH | Lights Out! 10 years of Earth Hour Watch: Classical Indian Odissi dancers groove to Ed Sheeran's Shape of You! View all Tags United States NASA SpaceX Boeing Russia Shane Kimbrough International Docking Adapter Peggy Whitson France Thomas International Space Station Russia Soyuz SpaceX Dragon SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Trump ally Stone offers to testify in Russian meddling probe AAP leader writes to Home Minister over threats in courtroom Normal life in Manipur paralysed in strike against MLA Govt to take up case of 'abandoned' German patient in Kolkata Students asked to submit written apology for celebrating Holi at Pakistan's Sindh University Sport Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Lyon's extra bounce was the big difference: Chappell Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Entertainment Someone tried to be over smart with Karan Johar. KJo's response is BADASS and we love it! Baahubali 2 breaks barriers again, becomes first Indian movie to have a live Virtual Reality event! Kapil Sharma vs Sunil Grover: Here's what Bharti Singh has to say about the whole fiasco Legal trouble for Kamal Haasan post his remark on Mahabharata First look of Sushant Singh Rajput's 'Romeo Akbar Walter' out Money No idea of introudcing new denomination notes at present: RBI Coal India announces 2nd interim dividend for 2016-17 Rly to have integrated software for instant data collection Can suspend auto exchange if confidentiality breached: Swiss ESIC today launched Mobile Clinic Services in AP, Telangana Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Search Latest Sport Lifestyle Politics Opinion Features Business Multimedia Traffic 20°C France's Le Pen says euro exit 'wouldn't be chaos' World Eskom boss says he advised stepdaughter to resign from Impulse International Local Pressure mounts for DA to take strong action against Zille Local [LISTEN] Are police reluctant to use technology in investigations? Local Old Mutual sells US fund arm stake to China's HNA World Sex in Thai city frustrates junta World Bonginkosi Madikizela insists CT govt willing to discuss inner city development Local Popular Topics Chief Justice Office Joe Mafela Joe Mafela dies Chief Justice office robbed View all in Latest Mbalula: Molemela used his wealth to bring joy to the people of Bloemfontein Local Dutch coach Blind ponders on future after World Cup setback Sport Bloemfontein Celtic founder Petrus Molemela dies Local Ousted Honda relishing fight for place in Japan Sport Vettel wins Australian Grand Prix for Ferrari Sport No cakewalk as Federer wins opening Miami match Sport Ronaldo takes Portugal tally to 70 in Hungary stroll Sport Popular Topics Lewis Hamilton Proteas Australian Grand Prix Sebastian Vettel View all in Sport Pierce Brosnan sick from eating a rat Lifestyle Carrie Fisher, Debbie Reynolds lauded at public memorial service Lifestyle Victoria Beckham is a "control freak" Lifestyle Terrence Howard: 'I've never been abusive' Lifestyle Sir Elton John: 'Knighthood gives me f**k all' Lifestyle Lotto results: Saturday 25 March 2017 Local [LISTEN] What to do in Zambia as a tourist World Cher drops out of Lifetime movie appearance over mother's health concerns Lifestyle John Legend's suitcase stolen Lifestyle Bryson Tiller & Travis Scott set to perform in SA in June Lifestyle View all in Lifestyle Pressure mounts for DA to take strong action against Zille Local Union federations riddled by factionalism - Vavi Politics Zuma sculpture decision 'a victory for all South Africans' Local Zille’s fate rests in hands of DA’s federal executive Local DA, UDM insist their coalition in Nelson Mandela Bay is okay Local To charge or not to charge Helen Zille… DA to decide today Local Gordhan to SA: At your next braai or cocktail party, talk about non-racialism Local Popular Topics Democratic Alliance Helen Zille African National Congress Democratic Alliance DA View all in Politics [OPINION] Do not go ‘gentrification’ into that good night Opinion [OPINION] ANC isn’t ready to radically transform SA economy Opinion [OPINION] In legal battles on travel ban, Trump’s statements his worst enemy World [OPINION] SA stuck between hope and despair Opinion [OPINION] SA is no longer poster child for providing access to safe water Opinion [OPINION] SA has a model Bill of Rights. But it doesn’t feel that way Opinion [EXPLAINER] Helen Zille: How to be a good Twitterzen Opinion Popular Topics Constitutional Court Jacob Zuma Constitution City of Cape Town View all in Opinion [LIVE BLOG] Budget Speech 2017 Local [LIVE BLOG] State of the Nation Address 2017 Local [MAP] Fires wreak havoc across Western Cape Local World Economic Forum 2017 Matric Results 2016 2016: A look at the year in news Local [LIVE BLOG] ANC NEC briefing Local [LIVE BLOG] Black Friday fever hits SA Local Understanding municipal politics: Exploring fruitless & wasteful expenditure Local Municipal Spending: The key factors Local View all in Features Eskom boss says he advised stepdaughter to resign from Impulse International Local Old Mutual sells US fund arm stake to China's HNA World Report: Stepdaughter of Eskom boss gets cushy contracts Local Gordhan to court investors in Britain, US Local SA's new trade union federation a milestone, says Vavi Local We must ensure the Fourth Industrial Revolution is a force for good Business ‘SA needs new formula for inclusive growth’ Local Popular Topics Rand report Eskom Rand Poultry industry View all in Business Video [WATCH] Spoil your baby, take them to a baby spa [WATCH] Memorial service of the late legend Joe Mafela [WATCH] Time lapse of Desmond Tutu art installation in CT Audio [LISTEN] Are police reluctant to use technology in investigations? [LISTEN] SA holds the key in curing multi-drug resistant TB [LISTEN] What to do in Zambia as a tourist Infographics The global tuberculosis situation The US, UK device ban on planes Inside the London attack Cartoons [CARTOON] Poephol With A Taste For Strife [CARTOON] #HumanRightsDay? [CARTOON] What a Twit! View all in Multimedia View all in Traffic Johannesburg Cape Town Pretoria Vereeniging Durban Plettenberg Bay Paarl Strand Rustenburg Bloemfontein Nelspruit George 20°C / 22°C Sun 19°C 12°C Mon 24°C 11°C Tue 27°C 12°C Wed 26°C 13°C Thu 25°C 12°C Fri 29°C 13°C Sun 24°C 13°C Mon 22°C 14°C Tue 22°C 15°C Wed 25°C 14°C Thu 26°C 15°C Fri 21°C 15°C Sun 21°C 14°C Mon 26°C 13°C Tue 29°C 14°C Wed 29°C 15°C Thu 27°C 14°C Fri 30°C 15°C Sun 23°C 15°C Mon 27°C 13°C Tue 30°C 14°C Wed 30°C 12°C Thu 29°C 13°C Fri 31°C 13°C Sun 22°C 17°C Mon 26°C 19°C Tue 25°C 21°C Wed 24°C 20°C Thu 27°C 20°C Fri 28°C 21°C Sun 21°C 13°C Mon 20°C 15°C Tue 20°C 13°C Wed 20°C 13°C Thu 23°C 15°C Fri 21°C 17°C Sun 28°C 13°C Mon 23°C 13°C Tue 26°C 13°C Wed 29°C 12°C Thu 32°C 16°C Fri 25°C 13°C Sun 21°C 14°C Mon 20°C 14°C Tue 21°C 15°C Wed 23°C 14°C Thu 24°C 15°C Fri 22°C 15°C Sun 23°C 15°C Mon 27°C 13°C Tue 29°C 14°C Wed 30°C 14°C Thu 28°C 15°C Fri 30°C 15°C Sun 26°C 11°C Mon 29°C 10°C Tue 29°C 13°C Wed 30°C 10°C Thu 32°C 11°C Fri 32°C 14°C Sun 19°C 14°C Mon 26°C 13°C Tue 29°C 12°C Wed 21°C 14°C Thu 25°C 14°C Fri 26°C 14°C Sun 23°C 13°C Mon 20°C 14°C Tue 19°C 13°C Wed 21°C 12°C Thu 27°C 14°C Fri 21°C 15°C Go In airline laptop ban, some in Turkey see commercial agenda The US and British decisions to forbid devices bigger than a cellphone in the cabin on flights from several Middle East and North African states. A plane lands at Heathrow airport in west London on 21 January 2013 after the airport announced further flight cancellations due to adverse weather. Picture: AFP. British government Turkish government US government North Africa Aviation Authority US to ban carrying more electronics on planes Middle East countries Email Print Tweet Share Reuters | 3 days ago ISTANBUL – As Istanbul builds a massive new airport and Turkish Airlines pursues aggressive route expansion, some in Turkey see the ban on large carry-on electronics on U.S. and Britain-bound flights as a ploy to undermine their aviation industry. The US and British decisions to forbid devices bigger than a cellphone in the cabin on flights from several Middle East and North African states could hit Istanbul particularly hard, after years building up its position as an international hub. More than half of international passengers at Turkish Airlines, which is 49% state-owned and serves 247 destinations outside Turkey, are transit customers who could instead travel through Europe or other hubs. Fast-growing Gulf airlines such as Emirates, Etihad and Qatar Airways, which similarly depend on business-class flyers stopping over in places like Dubai or Doha for far-flung destinations, could also be hit. For Turkey’s national carrier, the setback comes as it prepares to relocate to a €10 billion third airport in Istanbul, billed by the developer as the world’s largest and championed by President Tayyip Erdogan as a megaproject that will cement Turkey’s global standing. “The biggest aim of the third airport was to use Istanbul as a hub. But if such security measures become permanent, this could reduce Istanbul’s appeal,” said Esra Sirinel, a deputy research director at Is Investment and an airline specialist. Istanbul’s existing main Ataturk airport is struggling to cope with millions of transit passengers a month. The new airport will initially have the capacity for 90 million passengers when it opens in 2018, but ultimately aims to serve double that and to offer flights to more than 350 destinations. Turkey’s pro-government media, which, like Erdogan, often casts the country as a victim of foreign conspiracies, was quick to lambaste the new regulations. “They’re afraid of THY (Turkish Airlines),” the Yeni Safak newspaper said in a front-page headline on Thursday, over a simulated image of the new airport glistening in the sun. It cast the move as a plot against Turkey’s national carrier. “We need to stop THY,” read the headline on fellow pro-government daily Aksam, which claimed US carriers, facing stiff competition from Turkish Airlines and Gulf carriers, had lobbied for the move. Gulf airlines have been battling against a campaign in Washington by US carriers which accuse them of receiving unfair subsidies, charges they deny. The administration of US President Donald Trump has so far placed more emphasis on the job benefits of building jets for foreign carriers. Gulf carriers and Turkish Airlines are major customers of Boeing and between them have more than 440 Boeing jets on order, worth tens of billions of dollars. “PURELY COMMERCIAL DECISION” The US restrictions apply to flights originating from 10 airports in countries including the United Arab Emirates, Qatar and Turkey. The British restrictions do not include the UAE or Qatar but will affect Turkish Airlines and UK-based carriers including British Airways, easyJet and Monarch. A senior Turkish government official questioned the basis for the restrictions, saying airport security in Turkey was no worse than in Europe and that laptops or tablets could still be used to carry explosives even if they are put in the hold. “It appears this decision was made purely on commercial grounds, and it seems it was done to limit the advancements made by Turkish Airlines and by Turkey,” the official told Reuters. Security experts say Washington and London may believe a laptop could disguise a bomb big enough to bring down a plane, warranting extra explosives checks which can be performed on luggage in the hold. Confining any device to checked baggage would also make it harder for a would-be attacker to trigger it, or to position it to bring the plane down. Turkey’s foreign ministry said talks were underway to try to persuade the United States and Britain to exclude Turkish Airlines and Istanbul airport from the ban. Istanbul-based brokerage Unlu&Co said Turkish Airlines and Gulf operators would be hit hardest by the regulations. “(They) have the most to lose from the US ban since they rely on transfer passengers who may need access to laptops and other devices for business reasons and could easily travel via European hubs, like Frankfurt,” it said in a report. Emirates said it would introduce a service letting customers use laptops and tablets until just before they board direct flights to the US from Dubai, and made clear on Thursday that the ban did not apply to its US-bound flights via Europe. The Americas account for 14% of Turkish Airlines revenue, according to the airline’s website, which does not break out figures separately for the United States or Britain. Turkish Airlines did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Timeline The US, UK device ban on planes 3 days ago UN aviation agency urges balance of security risk, safety in electronics ban 3 days ago IRA street fighter turned statesman, Martin McGuinness dies aged 66 5 days ago US to ban some airline passengers from carrying larger electronics 5 days ago More in World France's Le Pen says euro exit 'wouldn't be chaos' 19 minutes ago Old Mutual sells US fund arm stake to China's HNA 2 hours ago Sex in Thai city frustrates junta 2 hours ago At least 1 killed in Cincinnati nightclub shooting 4 hours ago Iraqi military says 61 bodies pulled from collapsed Mosul site 6 hours ago Carrie Lam selected as Hong Kong's next leader: Cable TV 10 hours ago Comments EWN welcomes all comments that are constructive, contribute to discussions in a meaningful manner and take stories forward. However, we will NOT condone the following: - Racism (including offensive comments based on ethnicity and nationality) - Sexism - Homophobia - Religious intolerance - Cyber bullying - Hate speech - Derogatory language - Comments inciting violence. We ask that your comments remain relevant to the articles they appear on and do not include general banter or conversation as this dilutes the effectiveness of the comments section. We strive to make the EWN community a safe and welcoming space for all. EWN reserves the right to: 1) remove any comments that do not follow the above guidelines; and, 2) ban users who repeatedly infringe the rules. Should you find any comments upsetting or offensive you can also flag them and we will assess it against our guidelines. EWN is constantly reviewing its comments policy in order to create an environment conducive to constructive conversations. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus On Air Latest bulletin GAUTENG CAPE TOWN KFM Latest traffic report CAPE TOWN GAUTENG KFM People also read Zille’s fate rests in hands of DA’s federal executive Zuma addresses concerns over teen pregnancy, crime at awards SABC 8 forge ahead with their fight for transparency Report: Stepdaughter of Eskom boss gets cushy contracts Let the news come to you. Subscribe to our daily newsletter. Local World Politics Sport Business Lifestyle Opinion Features Video Audio iWitness EWN Apps Breaking News Alerts Traffic EWN.Mobi Newsletter Signups RSS Feeds EWN Whatsapp Alerts Contact Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Instagram Comments Policy COPYRIGHT 2015 ALL RIGHTS RESERVED | Terms & Conditions | Privacy | PAIA Choose an EWN Twitter account Follow @ewnreporter Follow @ewnupdates Follow @ewnsport Follow @ewntraffic Choose an EWN app iOS Android
  Universe TodaySpace and astronomy news Login Login Home Members Guide to Space Carnival Photos Videos Forum Contact Privacy Blastoff of ULA Delta IV rocket carrying the Wideband Global SATCOM (WGS-9) comsat to orbit for the U.S. Air Force from Space Launch Complex-37 on Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Fl, on Mar. 18, 2017. Credit: Ken Kremer/kenkremer.com Boeing, Delta IV, Earth, Kennedy Space Center, Launches, Military, Missions, United Launch Alliance Nighttime Delta IV Blastoff Powers Military Comsat to Orbit for U.S. Allies: Photo/Video Gallery Article Updated: 26 Mar , 2017 by Ken Kremer Blastoff of ULA Delta IV rocket carrying the Wideband Global SATCOM (WGS-9) comsat to orbit for the U.S. Air Force from Space Launch Complex-37 on Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Fl, on Mar. 18, 2017. Credit: Ken Kremer/kenkremer.com CAPE CANAVERAL AIR FORCE STATION, FL – The second round of March Launch Madness continued with the thunderous nighttime blastoff of a ULA Delta IV rocket powering a super swift military communications satellite to orbit in a collaborative effort of U.S. Allies from North America, Europe and Asia and the U.S. Air Force. The next generation Wideband Global SATCOM-9 (WGS-9) military comsat mission for the U.S. Force lifted off atop a United Launch Alliance (ULA) Delta IV from Space Launch Complex-37 (SLC-37) on Saturday, March 18 at 8:18 p.m. EDT at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Florida. Check out this expanding gallery of spectacular launch photos and videos gathered from my space journalist colleagues, myself and spectators ringing the space coast under crystal clear early evening skies. A key feature in this advanced Block II series WGS satellite is inclusion of the upgraded digital channelizer that nearly doubles the available bandwidth of earlier satellites in the series. WGS-9 can filter and downlink up to 8.088 GHz of bandwidth compared to 4.410 GHz for earlier WGS satellites. It supports communications links in the X-band and Ka-band spectra. ULA Delta IV rocket streaks to orbit carrying WGS-9 tactical communications satellite for the U.S. Air Force and international partners from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Fl, at 8:18 p.m. EDT on Mar. 18, 2017. Credit: Julian Leek Note that Round 3 of March Launch Madness is tentatively slated for March 29 with the SpaceX liftoff of the first ever reused Falcon 9 first stage from historic pad 39 on NASA’s Kennedy Space Center. The WGS-9 satellite was paid for by a six nation consortium that includes Canada, Denmark, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, New Zealand and the United States. It joins 8 earlier WGS satellites already in orbit. The partnership was created back in 2012 when the ‘WGS-9 Memorandum of Understanding (MOU)’ was signed by Defense organizations of the six countries. The WGS-9 MOU agreement to fund the satellite enabled the expansion of the WGS system with this additional satellite added to the existing WGS constellation. “The agreement provides all signatories with assured access to global wideband satellite communications for military use,” according to the US Air Force. Watch this launch video compilation from Jeff Seibert: Video Caption: Launch of WGS-9 satellite continues USAF Breaking Barriers heritage. This ULA Delta 4 launch of the WGS-9 satellite on Mar 18, 2017 marks the start of the 70th anniversary of the United States Air Force. That was also the year that U.S. Air Force Captain Chuck Yeager broke the sound barrier. Credit: Jeff Seibert Watch this launch video from Ken Kremer: Video Caption: ULA/USAF Delta IV launch of Wideband Global SATCOM (WGS-9) from pad 37 on Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Fl, on 18 Mar. 2017 – as seen in this remote video taken at the pad. Credit: Ken Kremer/kenkremer.com WGS-9 was built by Boeing. The 217 foot tall Delta IV Medium+ rocket launched in the 5,4 configuration with a 5 meter diameter payload fairing that stands 47 feet tall, and 4 solid rocket boosters to augment the first stage thrust of the single common core booster. The payload fairing was emblazoned with decals commemorating the 70th anniversary of the USAF, as well as Air Force, mission and ULA logos. A United Launch Alliance (ULA) Delta IV rocket carrying the Wideband Global SATCOM (WGS-9) mission for the U.S. Air Force launches at 8:18 p.m. EDT on Mar. 18, 2017 from Space Launch Complex-37 on Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Fl – reflecting beautifully in the pad pond. Credit: Ken Kremer/kenkremer.com Blastoff of ULA Delta IV rocket carrying the Wideband Global SATCOM (WGS-9) comsat to orbit for the U.S. Air Force from Space Launch Complex-37 on Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Fl, on Mar. 18, 2017. Credit: Ken Kremer/kenkremer.com Orbital ATK manufactures the four solid rocket motors. The Delta IV common booster core was powered by an RS-68A liquid hydrogen/liquid oxygen engine producing 705,250 pounds of thrust at sea level. A single RL10B-2 liquid hydrogen/liquid oxygen engine powered the second stage, known as the Delta Cryogenic Second Stage (DCSS). The booster and upper stage engines are both built by Aerojet Rocketdyne. ULA constructed the Delta IV Medium+ (5,4) launch vehicle in Decatur, Alabama. Launch of USAF WGS-8 milsatcom on ULA Delta IV rocket from pad 37 on Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Fl, on Mar. 18, 2017. Credit: Julian Leek The DCSS will also serve as the upper stage for the maiden launch of NASA heavy lift SLS booster on the SLS-1 launch slated for late 2018. That DCSS/SLS-1 upper stage just arrived at the Cape last week – as I witnessed and reported here. Saturday’s launch marks ULA’s 3rd launch in 2017 and the 118th successful launch since the company was formed in December 2006 as a joint venture between Boeing and Lockheed Martin. Blastoff of ULA Delta IV rocket carrying the Wideband Global SATCOM (WGS-9) comsat to orbit for the U.S. Air Force from Space Launch Complex-37 on Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Fl, on Mar. 18, 2017. Credit: Ken Kremer/kenkremer.com Stay tuned here for Ken’s continuing Earth and planetary science and human spaceflight news. Ken Kremer Launch of USAF WGS-8 milsatcom on ULA Delta IV rocket from pad 37 on Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Fl, on Mar. 18, 2017. Dawn Leek Taylor Two AF Generals and a Delta! Major General David D. Thompson, Vice Commander Air Force Space Command, Peterson Air Force Base, CO, and Brig. Gen. Wayne R. Monteith, Commander of the 45th Space Wing Commander and Eastern Range Director at Patrick Air Force Base, Fla, celebrate successful Wideband Global SATCOM (WGS-9) launch for the U.S. Air Force on ULA Delta IV from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Fl, on Mar. 18, 2017, with the media gaggle on base post launch with Delta pad 37 in background right. Credit: Ken Kremer/kenkremer.com Liftoff of ULA Delta IV with WGS-9 milsatcom on Mar 18, 2017 as seen soaring above the pool at the Quality Inn Kennedy Space Center in Titusville, FL. Credit: Wesley Baskin Eerie view of ULA Delta IV blastoff of WGS-9 milsatcom on Mar 18, 2017 as seen soaring over residential area in Titusville, FL. Credit: Melissa Bayles ULA Delta IV rocket prior to blastoff with the Wideband Global SATCOM (WGS-9) mission for the U.S. Air Force from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Fl, on Mar. 18, 2017. Credit: Ken Kremer/kenkremer.com ULA Delta IV blastoff of WGS-9 satcom on Mar 18, 2017 from Cape Canaveral AFS with long vapor exhaust trail as seen roaring over residential area in Titusville, FL. Credit: Ashley Carrillo ULA Delta IV blastoff of WGS-9 satcom on Mar 18, 2017 from Cape Canaveral AFS with long vapor exhaust trail as seen roaring over residential area in Titusville, FL. Credit: Ashley Carrillo ULA Delta IV blastoff of WGS-9 satcom on Mar 18, 2017 from Cape Canaveral AFS with long vapor exhaust trail as seen roaring over residential area in Titusville, FL. Credit: Ashley Carrillo ULA Delta IV blastoff of WGS-9 satcom on Mar 18, 2017 from Cape Canaveral AFS with long vapor exhaust trail as seen roaring over residential area in Titusville, FL. Credit: Ashley Carrillo Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related By Ken Kremer  -       Dr. Ken Kremer is a speaker, research scientist, freelance science journalist (Princeton, NJ) and photographer whose articles, space exploration images and Mars mosaics have appeared in magazines, books, websites and calendars including Astronomy Picture of the Day, NBC, FOX, BBC, SPACE.com, Spaceflight Now, Science and the covers of Aviation Week & Space Technology, Spaceflight and the Explorers Club magazines. Ken has presented at numerous educational institutions, civic & religious organizations, museums and astronomy clubs. Ken has reported first hand from the Kennedy Space Center, Cape Canaveral, NASA Wallops, NASA Michoud/Stennis/Langley and on over 70 launches including 8 shuttle launches. He lectures on both Human and Robotic spaceflight - www.kenkremer.com. Follow Ken on Facebook and Twitter Watch Stars Orbit The Milky Way’s Supermassive Black Hole Juno’s Monday Jupiter Flyby Promises New Batch of Images & Science 45th space wing, Air Force Space Command, Boeing, Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Delta IV rocket, Featured, SLC-37, U.S. Air force, ULA, United Launch Alliance, USAF, WGS-8, wgs-9, Wideband Global SATCOM 9, Wideband Global SATCOM system Related posts What About a Mission to Titan? Juno’s Monday Jupiter Flyby Promises New Batch of Images & Science Watch Stars Orbit The Milky Way’s Supermassive Black Hole Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Comments RSS Feed Subscribe to Universe Today via Email Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 6,275 other subscribers Email Address Solar System The Sun Mercury Venus Earth Mars Jupiter Saturn Uranus Neptune Pluto © Copyright 2017    Universe Today TOP Powered by Fraser Cain Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Close Help make Universe Today better today! See no ads, get videos early, hang out with the team
Sunday, March 26, 2017 Subscriber Services Legal Ads Homes Autos Jobs Classified The Register-Guard Navigation News Home Local News Tips Obituaries Weather For the Record Latest Seven Days Celebrate 150 Community E-mail Newsletter Associated Press Top Stories Northwest Now Business Oregon Business Oregon Sports Sports Technology Entertainment Politics Weather National International Health Science Oddities Lotteries Podcasts Maps Eugene police call log Springfield police call log Lane County gas prices Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Sports Preps Oregon Ducks Football Columnist Austin Meek Oregon Ducks Basketball Track & Field Outdoors Latest Seven Days Associated Press Sports Oregon Sports Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @rgduckfootball @rgsports Business Local Latest Seven Days Blue Chip Oregon Business Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Opinion Editorials Letters Latest Seven Days Guest Viewpoint Contribute your Opinion Endorsements Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Life Lifestyles Food Tastings Healthy Families Weekend Home & Garden Outdoors Discovery Komen Race for the Cure Destination: Retirement Readers' Choice Things to do Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Entertainment Entertainment Arts Movie Listings Go Entertainment Submit an event E-mail Newsletter Readers' Choice Things to do Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Video Videos Photo galleries Obits Obituaries Obituary search Recent obituaries and guest books Purchase a tribute obituary Advertising Advertising General Advertising Information Print Advertising Digital Advertising Contact Advertising Digital Marketing Services Digital Services Information Web Design & Development Video Production Search Engine Marketing Client Portfolio Contact Classified Place a Print/Online Classified Ad All Classifieds Homes Autos Jobs Jobs at The Register-Guard   Classified Search Search The Register-Guard Google Search Proquest Newspaper Archives (back to 2001) Keywords: Google News Archive Search (back to 1867) Search Help Business Home   Business Stocks finish mixed as GOP pulls plug on health care bill     By Marley Jay The Associated Press March 25, 2017   Today’s Business stories Eugene glass artist makes best of unexpected New Year’s Eve surprise Business Beat Business Datebook More Business »   NEW YORK — U.S. stocks flirted with sharp losses but managed a mixed finish after Republicans canceled a vote on their health care bill because it became clear the bill would fail. Hospital stocks soared in response, while companies that stand to benefit from other Trump proposals faltered. For the second day in a row, stocks started higher and wilted as it became clear the health care bill was in trouble. The Dow Jones industrial average plunged as much as 126 points in afternoon trading on reports of the bill’s impending failure, although Wall Street cut its losses after the vote was canceled. Consumer-focused companies like Nike, Starbucks and clothing company PVH rose. The health care act became something of a proxy for the rest of the Trump agenda and it dominated the market for most of this week. It was the worst week for stocks since the week before the presidential election. Banks and small-company stocks, which made huge gains after Trump was elected, both suffered their biggest losses in more than a year. President Trump and other Republican leaders said they were moving on from health care, and Michael Scanlon, a portfolio manager for Manulife Asset Management, said investors will be glad if that happens. “You’re going to see a very quick pivot to corporate tax reform,” he said. A corporate tax cut could give stocks a large boost by increasing profits, and it might also raise tax revenue. After the close of trading, House Speaker Paul Ryan said Republicans will proceed with tax reform proposals, but acknowledged the health care debacle will make that task more difficult. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index finished down 1.98 points, or 0.1 percent, at 2,343.98. The Dow lost 59.86 points, or 0.3 percent, to 20,596.72 as Goldman Sachs and Boeing sank. Technology companies inched higher and the Nasdaq composite rose 11.04 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,828.74. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks added 1.22 points, or 0.1 percent, to 1,354.64. Trading was relatively light as investors waited for answers about the state of Trump’s business-friendly agenda. That may have contributed to the big fluctuations. Hospitals and insurers that do a lot of business with Medicaid celebrated the demise of the bill. HCA Holdings, the largest U.S. hospital company, climbed $2.87, or 3.5 percent, to $86.04 and Community Health Systems jumped 84 cents, or 9.7 percent, to $9.54. The American Health Care Act would likely have left more Americans uninsured and would make big changes to Medicaid, a joint federal-state health program for low-income Americans. Those stocks fell when the bill was introduced because investors were concerned hospitals would have to take in more patients who lack insurance and that insurers would get less money from Medicaid. Insurance companies slumped. Cigna fell $3.36, or 2.3 percent, to $142.82 and Anthem shed $2.63, or 1.6 percent, to $126.77. With Trump and majority Republicans unable to pass the first big item on their agenda, there were some signs of concern that his proposals of tax cuts, infrastructure spending, and regulatory cuts will take longer. Those are aspects of Trump’s proposed agenda Wall Street is excited about. More Business articles »     RG Business Local business news sent to your inbox every Thursday.         Today’s Business stories Business Eugene glass artist makes best of unexpected New Year’s Eve surprise Business Business Beat Business Business Datebook     Business Business Eugene glass artist makes best of unexpected New Year’s Eve surprise A retirement ‘fail’ has re-energized Gretchen Delius thought she was headed for retirement, but the unpredictable nature of business led to a change of those plans. The founder and owner of The Glass Fuser in Eugene, Delius had arranged to … Business Beat Business Datebook More Business » Lifestyles Personalities A new woman Changing genders brings a life into balance for 48-year-old UO grad student It’s difficult to miss the enthusiasm, smile and swagger of 48-year-old Bethany Grace Howe. Usually spotted in brightly colored skirts or floral-patterned gowns, the University of Oregon School of Journalism doctoral student and graduate employee … Debut novel deeply rooted in Oregon soil arrives to acclaim A secret life Chuck Berry showed he could write, too More Lifestyles » Tastings Food Free of gluten, filled with flavor Dedicated gluten-free baker prides herself on creating delicious sweet and savory treats everyone can enjoy Jessica Scarola, owner of the Elegant Elephant Baking Co. in Eugene, often jokes with her husband, Evan, and her parents about the amazing reality that she is a full-time baker, making gluten-free products that could … ‘Igloo’ vineyards weather the storm Guardians of ‘beer geekery’ Next generation up for winemaking families More Tastings »   Quick links Submit News tips Letters to the editor Births / Weddings / Obituaries Entertainment event Education Extra Volunteer of the month Contact the newsroom Connect Promotions / Contests Email newsletters Facebook Twitter Mobile Apps Volunteer Support Services About The Register-Guard Give us feedback Contact The Register-Guard Marketplace Homes Autos Jobs General Classifieds Digital Services Advertising Info Contact Advertising Classified Advertising Info Place a Classified ad Jobs at The Register-Guard Buy a photo Subscriber Services Today's front page Subscribe E-Edition Manage your account Archive Back issues Contact Subscriber Services Newspapers in Education Become a newspaper carrier The Register-Guard • 3500 Chad Drive • Eugene, OR • 97408 / (541) 485-1234 / Feedback Copyright © 1996–2017 / Terms / Privacy / Copyright
× Thank you for Reading. Please log in, or sign up for a new account and purchase a subscription to continue reading. Please purchase a subscription to continue reading. Your current subscription does not provide access to this content. Sign Up Log In Purchase a Subscription × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contact Us Personnel Advertise e-Edition Subscribe News Sports Obituaries Lifestyle Opinion Multimedia Classifieds Weather Contact Us Subscribe e-Edition Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 45° Overcast Tehachapi, CA (93561) Today Partly cloudy. High 53F. Winds NW at 15 to 25 mph.. Tonight A few clouds. Slight chance of a rain shower. Low 37F. Winds WNW at 10 to 20 mph. Updated: March 26, 2017 @ 8:35 am Full Forecast Toggle navigation Contact Us Personnel Advertise e-Edition Subscribe News Sports Obituaries Lifestyle Opinion Multimedia Classifieds Weather Close 1 of 4 Jill Barnes Nelson / Tehachapi News Brigadier General Carl Schaefer discusses work at Edwards Air Force Base at a media roundtable. Jill Barnes Nelson / Tehachapi News Edwards Air Force Base covers some 308,000 acres and is like a city with homes, stores, schools and more in addition to its military presence. Jill Barnes Nelson / Tehachapi News Brigadier General Carl Schaefer shows the vastness of Edwards Air Force Base. All of Washington, D.C., could fit within its boundaries. Jill Barnes Nelson / Tehachapi News Many of the street signs around Edwards Air Force Base denote the famous flyers who trained at the facility. Edwards AFB looks to the future By JILL BARNES NELSON jbnelson@tehachapinews.com jbnelson Mar 24, 2017 Updated 13 hrs ago Jill Barnes Nelson / Tehachapi News Brigadier General Carl Schaefer discusses work at Edwards Air Force Base at a media roundtable. Jill Barnes Nelson / Tehachapi News Edwards Air Force Base covers some 308,000 acres and is like a city with homes, stores, schools and more in addition to its military presence. Jill Barnes Nelson / Tehachapi News Brigadier General Carl Schaefer shows the vastness of Edwards Air Force Base. All of Washington, D.C., could fit within its boundaries. Jill Barnes Nelson / Tehachapi News Many of the street signs around Edwards Air Force Base denote the famous flyers who trained at the facility. EDWARDS AFB — If you use the GPS on your cell phone, you can thank the Air Force. “One of our core missions is global vigilance,” said Brigadier General Carl Schaefer of the 412th Test Wing at Edwards Air Force Base. “Part of that is making GPS work around the globe and keeping it operational. You can thank an airman for that.” Schaefer was among the speakers at a media roundtable held March 22. Global GPS is just one way the Air Force is helping average Americans, he said. He also described some of the emerging technologies the Air Force is investigating, along with what his military branch is doing to keep the country safe. “We're always there; we keep eyes on everything 24/7,” said Schaefer, who has been base commander since March 2015. “We move equipment for humanitarian support as well as keeping us safe. But we need to keep growing to meet our future military needs and upgrade our networks to keep us current with 21st century technology. We're like the iPhone. We need upgrades periodically.” He said a lot is being accomplished at EAFB. Schaefer is in charge of the more than 12,000 active duty, reserve, civil service and defense contractors at the base. He also leads a wing of 7,847 personnel in testing and evaluation of fighter planes at the facility. The grounds itself encompasses some 308,000 acres with 29,000 feet of runways. The runways are big enough that they could host every National Football League game on a given Sunday. Work on the installation Schaefer calls himself the “mayor” of the installation, which is a like a mini-city with homes, stores, schools, playgrounds and some 573 feet of roads. All of Washington, D.C., could fit within its boundaries. A lot of work gets done in this city. “We test and evaluate weapon systems to ensure they are ready for combat,” he said. “We also work with the Marines, Army and Navy on the different testing, along with testing for different nations and other allies and partners. It's a joint effort.” Schaefer, who was commissioned in 1990, noted that EAFB is the birthplace for modern aviation, beginning with early gunnery ranges in the 1930s, to first test flights in the 1940s. It was where secret testing was conducted when it was still called Muroc Air Base, and it was where Chuck Yeager broke the sound barrier for the first time. The base was renamed for Glen Edwards, a contemporary of Yeager, who died on a test flight in 1948. Early pilots traveled to the miles of dry lake beds around the current base for testing and other maneuvers. The Air Force is celebrating its 70th anniversary this year and Edwards will have a big party in October. A video about the base, played during the roundtable, relayed the sentiments of its personnel. “This is where barriers are broken and records set. We fly faster, longer, safer. We make our enemies tremble. We go farther and set standards. We chase excellence. We are leaders and we achieve more today, than yesterday, but we are never finished. The future is on the way,” the video said. Top test pilots “I may be biased but our test pilot school is the best in the world,” said the brigadier general, who was a member of the school in 2000. “The planes are built off-site at places like Boeing and Northrop-Grumman, but we do all the testing. It takes many months of high-risk tests to check for safety.” Test pilots for the school are among the best of the best and it's been reported that it costs about $1 million for each pilot trained at the school. Schaefer showed a video of a new technology that can save lives should a pilot pass out due to elevated g-forces. Similar to cars that stop in anticipation of a crash, these new planes have the technology to right themselves if the pilot passes out. On the video, you can hear the pilot of an F-16 talking, then silence as he becomes unconscious in an extreme turn. The altitude gauge starts to plummet as his commander keeps in contact, but there's no response. Before the plane almost hits the ground, it rights itself and begins to climb. Moments later, the pilot wakes and is able to continue his mission. A life is saved. “He got to return to his family,” Schaefer said. “He was only seconds from dying. The new technology saved him and the plane.” A 'national asset' The brigadier general calls Edwards a “national asset,” not just for all the work done on base but for the economic impact it brings to the local area. He said the total economic impact for the 2016 fiscal year was about $2.7 billion. “We're the largest employer in the area,” he said. “The payroll for the base is around $700 million, along with nearly $400 million in expenditures. But we also are good environmental stewards. We conserved 40 percent of our water during the drought and we're getting ready to build a solar facility.” Along with keeping up with technology, one of the Schaefer's goals is to improve infrastructure. “It would take $600 million to fix everything,” he said. “It starts with equipment; much of it is old. We need better infrastructure now to build for the future.” Schaefer also thanked the surrounding communities for their support of Edwards. “Community pours out their support for us and we publicly thank them,” he said. “It's a good feeling.” He also said that the Air Force has a little catching up to do in some areas. “We continue to have the best possible people working for us,” he said. “We feel we should be the hub of innovation. We have the capabilities to do that.” More information EAFB leader says windmills can cause 'clutter' during testing EDWARDS AFB — When it comes to the windmills in Tehachapi, personnel at Edwards Air Force Base wish they were built someplace else. jbnelson Follow jbnelson Close Get email notifications on jbnelson daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever jbnelson posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow jbnelson Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today This Week's e-Edition Login Subscribe Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Tehachapi man charged with infant's murder was investigated over Facebook post months earlier Letter to the editor: TUSD's pay proposal doesn't pass muster Concern grows as theft, vandalism hit area Taya Sheen blogs: 'Fighting faithfully because I still have things to do' Edwards AFB looks to the future TVRPD to curtail outside use of activity center Teachers, TUSD still at odds over contract The last whistle: Model train store Trains, Etc. set to close April 30 Susan Marie Palmer, 1957-2017 Macias scores unanimous decision over Soriano Images Videos Sorry, there are no recent results for popular videos. Commented Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles. Classifieds Traffic Sections News Sports Obituaries Lifestyle Opinion Multimedia Sponsored Online Features Services Subscription Services Submission Forms Classifieds Search Visitor-guide Weather Contact Information TehachapiNews.com 411 N. Mill Street Tehachapi, CA 93561 Phone: (661) 822-6828 Email: webmaster@bakersfield.com © Copyright 2017 Tehachapi News, 411 N. Mill Street Tehachapi, CA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Subscribers Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) Vegas Strip reopens after gunman surrender, fatal shooting News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories U.S. reveals airstrike role Violence erupts at pro-Trump rally GOP finger-pointing begins in wake of health care failure Killer known for his temper Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories Oregon dominates to reach Final Four Zags reach Final Four Leonard leads Spurs past N.Y. Indiana hires Dayton's Miller Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories Stocks wobble, end mixed as GOP pulls vote on health bill Photos: Siena career fair KeyBank donates $2 million, remains optimistic amid Wall Street Niskayuna Co-op manager resigning Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of 2016 Your Horoscope Comics All Stories New restaurants to know about in Troy Picks of the week New on DVD: 'Sing' beastly fun; 'Robocop' sequels a little rusty Who's coming here soon Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories Deeds & Deals Today's Birthdays People in the news: Best wishes for 'Dancing' gig Sipping: Wine pick of the week Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives Rotterdam Aquarium Makes Big Splash In memoriam to Old Man Winter A positive week: the update! Boobs. My first Mammogram and an MRI adventure to boot. TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ Program's aim: workers with building restoration skills Editorial: Cronies with benefits Churchill: Albany Freihofer's run loses a dedicated giver Amid woes, sector looks to its future Jobs Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Jersey Mike’s Subs planning Glenmont, Clifton Park Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Momentive workers mull strike after rejecting ‘final Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog Prefab home offers energy efficiency Deeds & Deals A natural feel to new art at office buildings House of the Week: Victorian in Ballston Spa Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings High-value Honest Weight Co-op coupons coming Thursday Ring in New Year’s Eve on a budget with these money-saving Tips for hosting a Super Bowl party on a budget Amazon: 50% off Crocs for the family, today only MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/business/article/Stocks-wobble-end-mixed-as-GOP-pulls-vote-on-11026765.php Stocks wobble, end mixed as GOP pulls vote on health bill Banks, small companies biggest losers; Starbucks, Nike make notable gains Marley Jay, Associated Press Published 7:54 pm, Friday, March 24, 2017 Photo: Mark Lennihan Image 1of/2 Caption Close Image 1 of 2 In this Jan. 12, 2017, photo, traders work on the Mizuho Americas trading floor in New York. Stocks are opening higher on Wall Street, on Friday, March 24, 2017, led by gains in technology companies and banks. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) ORG XMIT: NYML513 less In this Jan. 12, 2017, photo, traders work on the Mizuho Americas trading floor in New York. Stocks are opening higher on Wall Street, on Friday, March 24, 2017, led by gains in technology companies and banks. ... more Photo: Mark Lennihan Image 2 of 2 FILE - This Feb. 5, 2015 file photo shows the Anthem logo at the health insurer's corporate headquarters in Indianapolis. Anthem is buying rival Cigna, in a deal valued at $54.2 billion announced Friday, July 24, 2015, that will create the nation's largest health insurer by enrollment, covering about 53 million patients in the U.S. (AP Photo/Michael Conroy, File) ORG XMIT: NY111 less FILE - This Feb. 5, 2015 file photo shows the Anthem logo at the health insurer's corporate headquarters in Indianapolis. Anthem is buying rival Cigna, in a deal valued at $54.2 billion announced Friday, July ... more Photo: Michael Conroy Stocks wobble, end mixed as GOP pulls vote on health bill 1 / 2 Back to Gallery New York U.S. stocks flirted with sharp losses but managed a mixed finish after Republicans canceled a vote on their health care bill because it became clear the bill would fail. Investors didn't trade much as they waited for answers about the state of President Donald Trump's business-friendly agenda. For the second day in a row, stocks started higher and wilted as it became clear the health care bill was in trouble. The Dow Jones industrial average plunged as much as 126 points in afternoon trading on reports of the bill's impending failure, although Wall Street cut its losses after the vote was canceled. Consumer-focused companies like Nike, Starbucks and clothing company PVH rose. The health care act became something of a proxy for the rest of the Trump agenda and it dominated the market for most of this week. It was the worst week for stocks since the week before the presidential election. Banks and small-company stocks, which made huge gains after Trump was elected, both suffered their biggest losses in more than a year. President Trump and other Republican leaders said they were moving on from health care, and Michael Scanlon, a portfolio manager for Manulife Asset Management, said investors will be glad if that happens. "You're going to see a very quick pivot to corporate tax reform," he said. A corporate tax cut could give stocks a large boost by increasing profits, and it might also raise tax revenue. After the close of trading, House Speaker Paul Ryan said Republicans will proceed with tax reform proposals, but acknowledged the health care debacle will make that task more difficult. The Standard & Poor's 500 index finished down 1.98 points, or 0.1 percent, at 2,343.98. The Dow lost 59.86 points, or 0.3 percent, to 20,596.72 as Goldman Sachs and Boeing sank. Technology companies inched higher and the Nasdaq composite rose 11.04 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,828.74. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks added 1.22 points, or 0.1 percent, to 1,354.64. Trading was relatively quiet, which may have contributed to the big fluctuations. Hospitals and insurers that do a lot of business with Medicaid celebrated the demise of the bill. HCA Holdings, the largest U.S. hospital company, climbed $2.87, or 3.5 percent, to $86.04 and Community Health Systems jumped 84 cents, or 9.7 percent, to $9.54. Among Medicaid-focused companies, Centene and Molina Healthcare each gained about 5 percent. The American Health Care Act would likely have left more Americans uninsured and would make big changes to Medicaid, a joint federal-state health program for low-income Americans. When the bill was introduced, those stocks fell because investors were worried that hospitals would have to take in more patients who lack insurance and that insurers would get less money from Medicaid. With the 2010 Affordable Care Act alive for another day, insurance companies slumped. Cigna fell $3.36, or 2.3 percent, to $142.82 and Anthem shed $2.63, or 1.6 percent, to $126.77. With Trump and majority Republicans unable to pass the first big item on their agenda, there were some signs of concern that his proposals of tax cuts, infrastructure spending, and regulatory cuts will take longer. Those are aspects of Trump's proposed agenda Wall Street is excited about. Most Popular 1 Woman hit by car in Albany 2 Vegas Strip reopens after gunman surrender, fatal shooting 3 GE cutting jobs in Schenectady 4 SEEN: Fourth Annual Backstage Ball 5 Propane tanker tipped over in Saratoga County 6 M/C pay order will be coming 7 Icy conditions Sunday for some Cap Region areas View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 March 2017 by Military News Greg Dyer Joins Jviation as Aviation / Air Space Services Director DENVER, March 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Jviation, Inc., a transportation planning, engineering and construction management firm, has hired Greg Dyer as the Aviation / Air Space Services Director based in the Denver, Colorado office. In this role, Dyer will support Jviation clients with air space analysis, air space routing, unmanned aircraft systems, and capacity/efficiency enhancements. Prior to joining Jviation, Dyer brings 34 years of experience working for the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA).  Thirty of those years were spent with the Denver Air Route Traffic Control Center (ARTCC), of which the last three years Dyer had oversight for the terminal facilities, including air traffic control towers, in Colorado, Utah, Wyoming, and Montana.  He has held positions with Airspace and Procedures, Quality Control, Traffic Management and all Areas of Specialty at Denver ARTCC. While with ARTCC, Dyer was the FAA lead for the Colorado Wide Area Multilateration and the Denver ARTCC segment of the Denver RNAV projects.  He has worked with all aspects of aviation organizations including commercial, general aviation, military, and special/research missions including unmanned aircraft systems.  His experience includes serving as the Air Traffic Subject Matter Expert for the NASA/Boeing/United/Continental three-dimensional Path Arrival Management project. In addition, Dyer served as the liaison to the FAA's Northwest Mountain Regional Administrator for Colorado and Wyoming congressional and public meetings. Dyer holds a bachelor degree in Public Administration from Colorado State University. For additional information contact Jennifer Newpower (303) 524-3030. About Jviation: Jviation, Inc. is a planning, engineering and construction administration firm that focuses on transportation-related projects. They provide transportation clients with comprehensive consulting services to best serve the client's unique needs. Headquartered in Denver, Colorado, Jviation has offices in Salt Lake City, Utah; St. George, Utah; Provo, Utah; Kansas City, Missouri; and Jefferson City, Missouri. Contact: Jennifer Newpower, Marketing Manager Jviation, Inc. (303) 524-3030 http://www.jviation.com   SOURCE Jviation, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized Tagsaircraft, Airlines/Aviation, Companies, general, military, NASA, Personnel Announcements, Space, Transportation/Trucking/Railroad, Travel Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Europe Pregnancy Testing Market, Industry Analysis, Trends and Forecast to 2021 Next PostNext Global Anti-Gibberellins Detailed examination of Search Recent Posts Artificial Intelligence – is it about to change my industry? Oil Insurance Limited (OIL) dichiara un dividendo di 250 milioni di dollari e apporta piccoli cambiamenti al suo piano di rating e premi External Remote Patient Monitoring Devices Market Well Prepared To Meet Futuristic Demands Of Healthcare At Home – MarketIntelReports Oil Insurance Limited (OIL) déclare un dividende de 250 millions USD et apporte des modifications mineures à son plan de notation et de primes Intermittent Catheters Market Planning To Make The Most Of The Cost-Effectiveness Provided By Hydrophilic Coated Models – MarketIntelReports Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 March 2017 by Military News Greg Dyer Joins Jviation as Aviation / Air Space Services Director DENVER, March 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Jviation, Inc., a transportation planning, engineering and construction management firm, has hired Greg Dyer as the Aviation / Air Space Services Director based in the Denver, Colorado office. In this role, Dyer will support Jviation clients with air space analysis, air space routing, unmanned aircraft systems, and capacity/efficiency enhancements. Prior to joining Jviation, Dyer brings 34 years of experience working for the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA).  Thirty of those years were spent with the Denver Air Route Traffic Control Center (ARTCC), of which the last three years Dyer had oversight for the terminal facilities, including air traffic control towers, in Colorado, Utah, Wyoming, and Montana.  He has held positions with Airspace and Procedures, Quality Control, Traffic Management and all Areas of Specialty at Denver ARTCC. While with ARTCC, Dyer was the FAA lead for the Colorado Wide Area Multilateration and the Denver ARTCC segment of the Denver RNAV projects.  He has worked with all aspects of aviation organizations including commercial, general aviation, military, and special/research missions including unmanned aircraft systems.  His experience includes serving as the Air Traffic Subject Matter Expert for the NASA/Boeing/United/Continental three-dimensional Path Arrival Management project. In addition, Dyer served as the liaison to the FAA’s Northwest Mountain Regional Administrator for Colorado and Wyoming congressional and public meetings. Dyer holds a bachelor degree in Public Administration from Colorado State University. For additional information contact Jennifer Newpower (303) 524-3030. About Jviation: Jviation, Inc. is a planning, engineering and construction administration firm that focuses on transportation-related projects. They provide transportation clients with comprehensive consulting services to best serve the client’s unique needs. Headquartered in Denver, Colorado, Jviation has offices in Salt Lake City, Utah; St. George, Utah; Provo, Utah; Kansas City, Missouri; and Jefferson City, Missouri. Contact: Jennifer Newpower, Marketing Manager Jviation, Inc. (303) 524-3030 http://www.jviation.com   SOURCE Jviation, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized Tagsaircraft, Companies, general, military, NASA, Personnel Announcements, Space Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Radiant Health Care Signs Definitive Agreement for Acquisition of Teal Pioneer Inc. Next PostNext BizVibe: Cotton, Polyester, and Smart Textile Markets on the Rise Search Recent Posts Artificial Intelligence – is it about to change my industry? Oil Insurance Limited (OIL) dichiara un dividendo di 250 milioni di dollari e apporta piccoli cambiamenti al suo piano di rating e premi External Remote Patient Monitoring Devices Market Well Prepared To Meet Futuristic Demands Of Healthcare At Home – MarketIntelReports Oil Insurance Limited (OIL) déclare un dividende de 250 millions USD et apporte des modifications mineures à son plan de notation et de primes Intermittent Catheters Market Planning To Make The Most Of The Cost-Effectiveness Provided By Hydrophilic Coated Models – MarketIntelReports Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out18:49 GMT +326 March 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search Boeing KC-46 Air Tanker Delivery Faces More Delays After 1-Year Setback © Wikipedia/ Ken Fielding US 23:57 24.03.2017Get short URL 0 35742 A report by GAO reveals that the Air Force's KC-46 modernization program to replace one-third of the aging US aerial refueling fleet, remains more than a year behind schedule with the prospect of additional delays due to air-worthiness certifications issues with the Federal Aviation Administration. © Flickr/ Christopher Ebdon GAO Rejection of Appeal Allows Work to Move Ahead on $55Bln Bomber - Northrop GrummanWASHINGTON (Sputnik) — The Air Force's KC-46 modernization program to replace one-third of the aging US aerial refueling fleet, remains more than a year behind schedule with the prospect of additional delays due to air-worthiness certifications issues with the Federal Aviation Administration, the General Accountability Office (GAO) said in a report on Friday. "Boeing — the prime contractor — plans to deliver the first 18 fully capable aircraft to the Air Force by October 2018, 14 months later than initially planned. Potential delays in completing flight tests may further delay the delivery of aircraft," the report stated. The GAO report attributed delays thus far to FAA certification of air refueling pods and postponements of test flights. Despite falling behind schedule, the KC-46 modernization program is meeting cost and performance targets, the report said. Total costs have decreased about $7.3 billion, or 14 percent, in the program, which is intended to provide replacements for about one third of the US fuel tanker fleet, the report noted. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 42 Related: Inside Boeing's Flight Deck During Hard Landing Boeing Inks $3.2 Billion Agreement to Sell Apache Helicopters to Saudi Arabia Trump Nominates Boeing Executive Shanahan as US Deputy Secretary of Defense Boeing Inks Nearly $3.3 Billion to Produce Apache Helicopters for Saudi Arabia Tags: KC-46, Boeing, US Government Accountability Office (GAO), United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 18:40No Cigar: Fresh US Sanctions Highly Unlikely to Hurt Russian Arms Exports 18:30Full Coverage: Russia Upgrades Its Air Defense Shield to Strikingly New Level 18:23Bang! Five Most Unusual Handguns in the World (PHOTO, VIDEO) 18:22Alleged iPad Terror Plot Prompts US and UK to Ban Computers From Airplanes 17:49Mosul Airstrikes: US Seeks to 'Shift Blame' for Civilian CasualtiesAll news Enough is Enough! Jehovah’s Witnesses Face Ban in Russia 16962 We Mean Business: Syria Will Fire Scuds at Israel in Response to Airstrikes 14156 With Russia's Help, India's Fleet of Su-30s is About to Get a Whole Lot Deadlier 10790 Saying Goodbye? US F-15s May Soon Retire 7915 China May Launch 2nd Liaoning Aircraft Carrier Late April 6780All news Enough is Enough! Jehovah’s Witnesses Face Ban in Russia 98 We Mean Business: Syria Will Fire Scuds at Israel in Response to Airstrikes 69 The Expendables: Kiev Dismayed After Realizing West Sees It as 'Waste Material' 40 Not My Fault: Trump Deflects Blame for Health Care Defeat 26 Symbolic End: Missile Cruiser 'Ukraine' Being Sold Off for Scrap Metal 22All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Life Through 'Challenge': Best of the 6th Hamdan International Photography Award Little Shop of Terror Death From the Sky: The US Air Force's Mistaken Airstrikes News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
In These Times With liberty and justice for all... RSS Facebook Twitter ▼ POLITICS ACT LOCALLY LABOR CULTURE VIDEO CURRENT ISSUE Contributors SUBSCRIBE DONATE About Us Contact Us Free Newsletters HOME POLITICS CNN’s New Book Is a Master Class in How Not to Cover an Election Keith Ellison and Bernie Sanders: How To Remake the Democratic Party Here’s What’s More Troubling About Rex Tillerson Than His Ties to Putin Tom Geoghegan: 4 Things We the People Can Do About Our Unjust Voting System and a President Trump Trump Can’t Follow Through on His Promises—And Will Need A Scapegoat ACT LOCALLY What Immigrant Rights Activists Can Learn From the Original Sanctuary Movement How San Francisco Student Activists Made College Free Again The Climate Movement Goes to War with Trump Attacks on Immigrants Are Attacks on Workers If the Democratic Party Won’t Take Risks, It’s Up to Us LABOR Our Cotton Colonies Staughton Lynd Is Building a New World in the Basement of the Old Attacks on Immigrants Are Attacks on Workers DOJ: To Address “Defective” Accountability System, Chicago Must Renegotiate Police Union Contracts Attacked by Trump and Ignored by Democrats: Chuck Jones on Labor’s Fight CULTURE The Best Police Money Can Buy Girl, You’ll Be a Cannibal Soon Brexit From the Side of a Volcano How Today’s White Middle Class Was Made Possible By Welfare The New York Times Missed Trump’s Biggest Lie VIDEO MAGAZINE SUBSCRIBE GIVE A GIFT CURRENT ISSUE ARCHIVES CUSTOMER SERVICE DONATE Tweet Email Print Email this article to a friend your email your name recipient(s) email (comma separated) message captcha Friday, Mar 24, 2017, 3:21 pm Momentum Builds for Massive West Coast May Day Strike BY Jonathan Rosenblum Share TweetReddit0 StumbleUpon0EmailPrint Email this article to a friend your email your name recipient(s) email (comma separated) message captcha Up and down the West Coast, we are likely to see the largest May Day strikes since hundreds of thousands of immigrant workers walked off the job in 2006. (SEIU United Service Workers West/ Facebook)   This article was first posted by Labor Notes. Shop steward Tomas Mejia sensed something was different when 600 janitors streamed into the Los Angeles union hall February 16—far more than for a regular membership meeting. Chanting “Huelga! Huelga!” (“Strike! Strike!”), they voted unanimously to strike on May Day. This won’t be a strike against their employers. The janitors of SEIU United Service Workers West felt driven, Mejia says, “to strike with the community” against the raids, threats, and immigrant-bashing hate speech that the Trump administration has unleashed. “The president is attacking our community,” said Mejia, a member of his union’s executive board. “Immigrants have helped form this country, we’ve contributed to its beauty, but the president is attacking us as criminal.” Following the Los Angeles vote, union janitors elsewhere in California have also voted to “strike with the community” on May 1. As the meetings gathered steam, Mejia reports, workers in schools, grocery stores, restaurants, and farms started talking about joining the walkout too. And the strike is going on the road: SEIU-USWW is partnering with the human rights group Global Exchange, worker centers, the Southern Border Communities Coalition, and faith groups to organize a “Caravan against Fear” that will tour California, Arizona, New Mexico, and Texas in April, staging rallies, cultural events, direct action trainings, and community strike votes leading up to May Day. The biggest yet In recent years, May Day has seen demonstrations to support immigrant rights. This year’s mobilizations will center on defending immigrants, but weave in other issues as well, such as climate justice and the de-funding of public education. Up and down the West Coast, we are likely to see the largest May Day strikes since hundreds of thousands of immigrant workers walked off the job in 2006. A thousand miles to the north of Mejia’s home city, leaders of the unions representing Seattle public school teachers, graduate employees at the University of Washington, and staff at Seattle’s community colleges have called for a strike to protest the Trump administration’s attacks on immigrants, Muslims, workers, women, and members of the LGBT community. The public school teachers and UW graduate employees are scheduling strike votes in the coming weeks. “We’re horrified about what Trump has done,” said Alex Bacon, a community college administrative assistant and member of AFSCME Local 304. And given the Trump administration’s support for “right-to-work” legislation and slashing health care and retirement programs, he said, “even if we’re not in the crosshairs this second, we’re next.” "Summer of resistance" A March meeting organized by the county labor council and Seattle City Councilmember Kshama Sawant brought together immigrant community leaders and representatives from two dozen Seattle-area unions—including Laborers, Teamsters, Boeing Machinists, stagehands, hotel workers, and city and county workers—to plan a May Day of mass resistance. Participants acknowledged the need for creativity rather than a one-size-fits-all approach. A week later, the labor council committed its support for an immigrant-led May Day march, in a resolution urging unions “to consider all forms of action on May 1, 2017, whether striking, walking out, taking sick days, extended lunch hours, exercising rights of conscience, organizing demonstrations or teach-ins, or any other acts of collective expression that builds solidarity across communities.” Labor Council head Nicole Grant described May Day as just the beginning of a “summer of resistance,” showing that working people can and will respond to Trump’s attacks with disruptive action. “We won’t take down this president in one day,” added Sawant. “But on May Day we are taking our resistance to another level.” Climate justice activists are also folding into the May Day movement. In Washington state, the Sierra Club and other environmental organizations are calling for an “Earth Day to May Day Action Week,” blending Earth Day April 22 and a “March for Science” into a full week of workshops and protests culminating in a big May 1 mobilization. Local connections Nationally, many union leaders haven’t weighed in on the May Day strike movement, in part because their contracts with employers include no-strike clauses. Mejia acknowledges the risk of striking, but says, “The government is criminalizing us.” The bigger risk, he says, would be to not fight back, because inaction will only embolden Trump and his billionaire backers. Key to successful May Day strikes, many activists point out, is connecting local fights to anti-Trump resistance activities. At the University of Washington, for instance, where one-third of the graduate employees are international students, union members are demanding that university administrators bargain with them over the impact of Trump’s Muslim ban and other executive orders. And they are pressing the university to declare itself a “sanctuary campus” and to waive a discriminatory fee it now imposes on international students. Never has independent journalism mattered more. Help hold power to account: Subscribe to In These Times magazine, or make a tax-deductible donation to fund this reporting. Jonathan Rosenblum Jonathan Rosenblum is the author of Beyond $15: Immigrant Workers, Faith Activists, and the Revival of the Labor Movement (Beacon Press). A member of UAW Local 1981 (National Writers Union), he also works as a community organizer for the office of Seattle City Councilmember Kshama Sawant. More by Jonathan Rosenblum Momentum Builds for Massive West Coast May Day Strike To Fight Back Against Companies Like Uber, Workers Need Organizing—Not Technocratic Fixes View Comments This would have been a good idea every May Day during the racist Obama regime, while he was deporting 2.7 million immigrant workers, ripping families apart and leaving deserted children to fend for themselves in a predatory capitalistic economy. Building mass actions against Trumps anti-worker and racist raids is going to escalate the possibilities for creating an even larger Labor left and helping people to see that there are no differences between the Democrats and the Republicans when it comes to their shared border racism and how much they despise workers. Posted by Bill_Perdue on 2017-03-25 17:30:46 Workers of the World Unite! A May Day strike is appropriate and overdue. Is Trumka and Hoffa going to side with the workers or their DemoRat masters? Posted by Pancho Valdez on 2017-03-25 12:22:07 About this Blog "Working In These Times" is dedicated to providing independent and incisive coverage of the labor movement and the struggles of workers to obtain safe, healthy and just workplaces. more Working In These Times Contributors David Moberg Rose Arrieta David Bacon Kari Lydersen Michelle Chen Stephen Franklin Steve Early Bruce Vail Joe Burns Mario Vasquez Yana Kunichoff Moshe Z. Marvit Rachel Luban Shaun Richman Jeremy Gantz Get the Latest News & Updates Online Form - Working Subscribe now and receive 12 monthly issues for just $20.00—that's 53% off the cover price, or just $1.67 per issue Subscribe Now Recent Working ITT Posts Why White Working Class Americans Are Dying “Deaths of Despair” Momentum Builds for Massive West Coast May Day Strike The Dangers of Salting Under Trump Paid Sick Leave Bill Provokes Showdown in Maryland How States Are Trying to End the Disability Unemployment Crisis What Slashing the Labor Department Budget by 21 Percent Would Mean Republicans Are Racing To Make Workplaces More Dangerous and Unhealthy 6 Reasons Why Donald Trump Won’t Save American Jobs Interviews for Resistance: On Recovering the Word “Strike” Despite Some Union Support, Trump’s New Labor Pick Would Be Terrible for Workers In These Times ABOUT US NEWSLETTERS/RSS CONTACT US REPRINTS ARCHIVES SUBMISSIONS DONATE LEAVE A LEGACY SPONSORSHIPS ADVERTISE PRESS PRIVACY POLICY SUBSCRIBE GIVE A GIFT INTERNSHIPS/JOBS INVESTIGATIVE INSTITUTE COPYRIGHT ©2016 IN THESE TIMES AND THE INSTITUTE FOR PUBLIC AFFAIRS. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Greg Dyer Joins Jviation as Aviation / Air Space Services Director News provided by Jviation, Inc. Mar 24, 2017, 15:59 ET Share this article DENVER, March 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Jviation, Inc., a transportation planning, engineering and construction management firm, has hired Greg Dyer as the Aviation / Air Space Services Director based in the Denver, Colorado office. In this role, Dyer will support Jviation clients with air space analysis, air space routing, unmanned aircraft systems, and capacity/efficiency enhancements. Prior to joining Jviation, Dyer brings 34 years of experience working for the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA).  Thirty of those years were spent with the Denver Air Route Traffic Control Center (ARTCC), of which the last three years Dyer had oversight for the terminal facilities, including air traffic control towers, in Colorado, Utah, Wyoming, and Montana.  He has held positions with Airspace and Procedures, Quality Control, Traffic Management and all Areas of Specialty at Denver ARTCC. Continue Reading Greg Dyer Joins Jviation, Inc. as Aviation / Air Space Services Director While with ARTCC, Dyer was the FAA lead for the Colorado Wide Area Multilateration and the Denver ARTCC segment of the Denver RNAV projects.  He has worked with all aspects of aviation organizations including commercial, general aviation, military, and special/research missions including unmanned aircraft systems.  His experience includes serving as the Air Traffic Subject Matter Expert for the NASA/Boeing/United/Continental three-dimensional Path Arrival Management project. In addition, Dyer served as the liaison to the FAA's Northwest Mountain Regional Administrator for Colorado and Wyoming congressional and public meetings. Dyer holds a bachelor degree in Public Administration from Colorado State University. For additional information contact Jennifer Newpower (303) 524-3030. About Jviation: Jviation, Inc. is a planning, engineering and construction administration firm that focuses on transportation-related projects. They provide transportation clients with comprehensive consulting services to best serve the client's unique needs. Headquartered in Denver, Colorado, Jviation has offices in Salt Lake City, Utah; St. George, Utah; Provo, Utah; Kansas City, Missouri; and Jefferson City, Missouri. Contact: Jennifer Newpower, Marketing Manager Jviation, Inc. (303) 524-3030 http://www.jviation.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/greg-dyer-joins-jviation-as-aviation--air-space-services-director-300429231.html SOURCE Jviation, Inc. Related Links http://www.jviation.com Dec 21, 2015, 18:53 ET Preview: Jviation, Inc. Announces New Owners to the Organization My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Greg Dyer Joins Jviation as Aviation / Air Space Services Director News provided by Jviation, Inc. Mar 24, 2017, 15:59 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States DuPont, Boeing Sink DJIA Friday By Paul Ausick March 24, 2017 4:01 pm EDT Print Email Tweet March 24, 2017: Markets opened higher Friday but it looks like all three major indexes are headed for down day. With a vote on the President’s healthcare bill looming as a defeat for the Republican-sponsored legislation, the blue chips have posted the biggest drop. Among the sectors, utilities are performing best with materials the big loser. Healthcare stakes are roughly flat on the day. WTI crude oil for May delivery settled at $47.97 a barrel, up 0.6% on the day, but down about 1.7% for the week. April gold added 0.1%% on the day to settle at $1,248.70, up about 1.5% for the week. Equities were headed for a mixed close shortly before the bell as the DJIA traded down 0.20% for the day, the S&P 500 traded down 0.03%, and the Nasdaq Composite traded up 0.31%. The DJIA stock posting the largest daily percentage loss ahead of the close Friday was The Goldman Sachs Group Inc. (NYSE: GS) which traded down 1.85% at $227.60. The stock’s 52-week range is $138.20 to $255.15. Volume was about 35% above the daily average of around 3.6 million shares. The company had no specific news Friday. E.I. du Pont de Nemours Inc. (NYSE: DD) traded down 1.08% at $79.70. The stock’s 52-week range is $61.12 to $81.86. Volume was about 40% below the daily average of around 2.8 million. The company had no specific news. The Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) traded down 1.18% at $175.17. The stock’s 52-week range is $122.35 to $185.71. Volume was about 65% below the daily average of around 3.4 million shares. The company had no specific news Friday. Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) traded down 0.76% at $34.03. The stock’s 52-week range is $29.41 to $37.39. Volume was about 20% below the daily average of around 25 million shares. The company had no specific news. Of the Dow 30 stocks, 9 are on track to close higher Friday and 21 are set to close lower. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Sony, Intel, PayPal Among 10 Companies With the Best Reputations in the UK JC Penney, Finish Line Drop Into Friday’s 52-Week Low Club » Read more: Investing, Dow Jones Industrial Average, market close, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA), E.I. du Pont de Nemours & Comp... (NYSE:DD), Goldman Sachs (NYSE:GS), Pfizer (NYSE:PFE) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular Cities Americans Are Abandoning 25 Worst Tasting Beers in America Most Educated City in Each State 10 Disappearing Car Brands The Best Counties to Live In Recent Insider Buying Jumps as Market Volatility Grows: Sears, IFF, Pulse Biosciences, PRA Group, Radius Health and More Why FireEye Could Outperform Other Cybersecurity Leaders Why Analysts Are Growing Even More Bullish on Micron Technology 2 IPOs Succeeded Last Week, as Did a Blank-Check Company That Raised $900 Million Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Amazon Can't Hide It…It's Betting Big on Alexa More Marijuana Sales Taxes Are Coming Why Apple Is Letting Oppo and Vivo Win in China Trump says tax reform is next on agenda Trump says he's open to talking to Democrats if Obamacare explodes Trump: 'We couldn't quite get there' on health bill Today's Strong Buys Breaking Out to New Highs Q1 Earnings Season Preview Master Your Emotions to Beat the Market OPEC, non-OPEC to look at extending oil-output cut by six months Bull market not dead as tax reform takes spotlight Trump greenlights Keystone XL pipeline, but obstacles loom Russia Says Oil Cuts May Be Extended Amid High Compliance 3 Things You May Be Getting Wrong About Retirement Planning Can Frontier Stock Bounce Back After Last Week's 15% Drop? Democrats Introduce 'Mar-A-Lago Act' To Make Trump Meetings More Transparent Uber Halts Self-Driving Car Fleet After Crash In Arizona A Future Farming Industry Grows In Brooklyn Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Slate Sign In Sign Up Is Kellyanne Conway Breaking a Major Criminal Conflict of Interest Statute? Is Kellyanne Conway Breaking a Major Criminal Conflict of Interest Statute? Slate Sign In Sign Up Slate Politics Who's winning, who's losing, and why. March 24 2017 3:20 PM Is Kellyanne Conway Breaking the Law? It appears as though she hasn’t yet divested her polling firm. If that’s the case, it’s possible she’s committing a serious federal crime. By Josh Voorhees   White House senior adviser Kellyanne Conway delivers a television interview outside the West Wing in Washington on March 6. Jonathan Ernst/Reuters Last month, Kellyanne Conway famously turned an interview from the White House into an infomercial for Ivanka Trump. “This is just a wonderful line,” the presidential adviser said of the clothing brand that bears the name of the president’s eldest daughter. “I own some of it. I fully—I’m going to just give it a free commercial here: Go buy it today, everybody. You can find it online.” Josh Voorhees Josh Voorhees is a Slate senior writer. He lives in Iowa City.  Ethics watchdogs and good-government types were aghast with this blatant violation of federal ethics rules. Even Republicans who had repeatedly ignored concerns about the many glaring conflicts of interest posed by the president’s business empire felt compelled to weigh in. “That was wrong, wrong, wrong, over the line, [and] unacceptable,” House Oversight Chairman Jason Chaffetz said. Advertisement Chaffetz joined his Democratic counterpart on the oversight panel, Maryland Rep. Elijah Cummings, in asking the Office of Government Ethics to investigate. Agency Director Walter Shaub Jr. concluded that Conway’s actions appeared so outrageous as to warrant formal punishment from the president. To the surprise of no one, the Trump administration shrugged. Conway ultimately got away with openly flouting federal ethics rules on national television without so much as a slap on the wrist. But as remarkably brazen as her actions were, they may be dwarfed by a much larger and more serious conflict of interest: The available evidence suggests that more than two months since starting work at the White House, Conway still hasn’t sold the D.C. consulting firm she founded in 1995—named, plainly, the Polling Company—that boasts of such high-profile past clients as Boeing, the National Rifle Association, and even the federal government. If Conway is taking an active role in White House decision-making that directly impacts the fortunes of her firm’s clients, it would pose a far larger problem than her unapologetic Ivanka endorsement did: It could be a federal crime punishable with prison time. This could be a federal crime punishable with prison time. That if is worth considering given the stakes, the available facts, and the Trump administration’s silence on the matter. Conway appears to be in a position to use her public office to directly advance the interests of her private business. A company or advocacy group would be able to pay the Polling Company for consulting advice while knowing the firm’s owner is in turn giving her own advice to the president. Quid meet Quo. That would be more than just a violation of the type of federal rule blatantly ignored during the Ivanka episode, which is supposed to come with professional consequences ranging from a reprimand to removal; it would be a violation of federal law. Under the basic criminal conflict of interest statute (18 U.S.C. § 208)—which doesn’t apply to the president but does apply to his staff—it is illegal for an executive branch employee to participate “personally and substantially” in any government matter that will affect his or her own financial interests. If a court were to find Conway willingly violated that law, she could face up to five years in prison and $50,000 in fines for each offense. Prosecutions under the law are relatively rare though that can be explained, at least in part, by the reality that most executive branch employees at least pretend to follow it. According the Polling Company’s website, Conway “resigned” as president and CEO “effective January 20th, 2017,” and was replaced by Brett Loyd, who had previously served as the firm’s director of political services. “We wish Kellyanne the best of luck in all of her future endeavors,” the company’s statement at the time read. After struggling to find public information on the firm, Slate reached out to the Polling Company to find out where the business was incorporated. Loyd responded to Slate’s initial query three weeks ago, telling us it is a Virginia company. But then he suddenly stopped answering emails and phone calls when asked about Conway’s current connection to the firm he now runs. Advertisement The White House was helpful only in comparison. In a statement provided to Slate in response to repeated questions about Conway and her company, a White House spokeswoman appeared to confirm that Conway does indeed still own the company but went on to suggest that she is waiting to sell it until the Office of Government Ethics grants her what is known as a certificate of divestiture: Kellyanne Conway resigned from the company and has had no management responsibility since before she was sworn in as Counselor to The President. Mrs. Conway, who has signed the Ethics Pledge, has been working with the Office of the White House Counsel to ensure she is fully compliant with her legal and ethical obligations in connection with her former company and her duties in the White House. While she is in the process of divesting her assets, like all White House employees in a similar situation, this process requires submission of ethics documentation to the Office of Government Ethics to obtain a Certificate of Divestiture from OGE prior to selling the asset. As is the case for many other employees, this process is still underway. The White House declined to discuss the matter further, responding to a detailed set of follow-up questions with a one-line email last week: “The statement sufficiently covers these areas.” The problem, however, is that it doesn’t. For starters, there is no current record of Conway or the White House even beginning what can be a months-long process of obtaining a certificate from OGE. (The certificates provide recipients with a tax break on the profits they make from such sales, which can ease the financial pain of playing by the rules.) “OGE is at liberty to speak on what is available and received at OGE and we have not received any documents regarding Kellyanne Conway,” a representative for the agency’s compliance division told Slate on Wednesday in response to a formal request, as allowed under federal law, to review any certificates of divestiture or ethics waivers issued to Conway. Advertisement The absence of paperwork matters: A government employee seeking a certificate of divestiture must first commit in writing to sell the asset even if his or her request is denied. Until Conway puts pen to paper, she won’t be bound to follow through and sell her company. (On Thursday, Slate asked the White House why Conway hadn’t submitted the paperwork yet, but there was no response as of publication time.) Furthermore, remarks Conway has made since taking her job as counselor to the president raise additional questions about her intentions. In an interview with Politico last month, Conway explicitly cited her declining to sell the company for a big sum as evidence of her loyalty to President Trump. “He knows I had a huge offer to sell my firm,” she said then. “He knows I walked away from millions.” It’s unclear why such a sale would preclude Conway from taking her new job. The White House declined to elaborate, but one reading might be that the big-dollar offer Conway received was contingent on her remaining with the firm full-time instead of following Trump to the West Wing. Counterfactuals aside, though, that still wouldn't explain whether or not she actually intends to sell it now for a smaller sum, or the current delay in beginning that potential process. Conway, then, appears to be taking a page out of her boss’s book. Trump made a big show of stepping away from the day-to-day operations of the Trump Organization before taking office, but he nonetheless maintains his ownership stake in the for-profit company he built. The difference is that there is a federal criminal statute that would make it illegal for Conway to exert influence on issues that impact her private clients. (Trump is likely violating the Emoluments Clause of the Constitution, but that’s another story.) Robert Weissman, president of the D.C. watchdog nonprofit Public Citizen, told Slate that if Conway does actually still own the Polling Company, it would be incredibly problematic. “On its face,” he said, “it is an invitation for profound corruption.” The law, he explained, is clear: An administration employee either needs to sell her business or recuse herself from policy matters that directly impact that business. “But the latter can’t really even apply here since you have a senior adviser to the president who has input on effectively everything,” Weissman said. (The White House declined multiple times to say whether Conway has recused herself from any policy decisions since Trump took office.) Advertisement This wouldn’t be the first time that Conway’s ownership of the Polling Company has raised legal questions, either. During the 2016 campaign, while Conway was serving as both the head of her polling firm and as Trump’s campaign manager, her company received roughly one-quarter of $1 million from a Trump-friendly super PAC run by Rebekah Mercer. According to a formal complaint filed by the Campaign Legal Center currently pending before the Federal Election Commission, that was a violation of the election law that bars coordination between campaigns and super PACs. The CLC argues that the cash represented an illegal in-kind contribution to Trump since, in effect, Mercer’s PAC was paying part of Conway’s campaign salary. Get the best of Slate in your inbox. The Polling Company is privately held, which will make it difficult if not impossible to independently confirm if Conway ultimately sells her business or not, and the firm appears happy to have it that way. Paperwork filed in Virginia currently lists the company’s registered agent—essentially its point of contact for any legal issues—as the CT Corporation, a third-party company that fills the same role for thousands of other businesses in the United States. (Disclosure: CT Corp. serves the same function for The Slate Group.) The corporation, which is the subsidiary of a multinational company based in the Netherlands, told Slate that it was not authorized to discuss the ownership of the Polling Company or provide any related information. Meanwhile, Conway’s firm is required to submit annual reports to the Virginia State Corporation Commission, but those filings mandate only a list of the company’s principal officers and directors, not its owners. As part of its most recent report, the company informed the commission on Feb. 14, 2017 that Loyd had indeed taken over for Conway as CEO, but the form still named Conway as its director. As far as the commission is concerned, the information was current as of the date they received it, which was more than three weeks after Conway joined Trump in the White House. (“It would be considered to be accurate as of the time of signing/submitting the document,” an agency representative confirmed to Slate.) The Polling Company declined to provide Slate with a list of its current clients, but a quick look at past ones touted on its website makes it easy to see the problem: Boeing, for example, is one of the largest defense contractors in the nation—and learned early just how important it is to stay on Trump’s good side after the president took to Twitter to complain about the costs of a new Air Force One. Altria and American Express operate in two of the more heavily regulated industries in the country, giving them added incentive to find a friend with the president’s ear such as Conway. And Major League Baseball enjoys an antitrust exemption that it is desperate to preserve. Advertisement Slate contacted each of the roughly two-dozen companies listed on the Polling Company’s website as clients it has done business with in the past two decades. Roughly half of them including Boeing, American Express, MLB, and the NRA, did not respond to questions about past and current dealings with the firm. Among those that did respond, most described their relationship with the firm as fleeting. A representative for the North Carolina–based supermarket chain Harris Teeter, for example, said it worked with Conway’s company “back in 2006 or 2007” but that it is not a current client. Other groups described longer relationships with Conway’s company. An Altria spokesperson said the tobacco giant worked with the firm “during the late 1990s to 2001” but no longer does. The Susan B. Anthony List said the anti-abortion group has “frequently” worked with the Polling Company, most recently in January shortly before Trump was sworn in, but has no current projects with the firm. And a spokesperson for the American Road and Transportation Builders Association, which voiced support for Trump’s campaign promise to spend billions on the nation’s roads, told Slate that the firm has “done some good work for us” but did not respond to a follow-up about whether they’re currently working with the company now that Conway is in the White House. Compared to the big-dollar conflicts created by President Trump’s own business empire—or those of his wealthy son-in-law, Jared Kushner, who also serves as a White House adviser—those that might be posed by Conway retaining ownership of her firm seem almost quaint. According to a copy of the firm’s contract with the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission reviewed by Slate, for instance, the government paid the firm $22,610 to conduct a total of four focus groups a decade ago. Top Comment Thank goodness the forthright, law-and-order republicans are in charge to ensure that the president and his administration follow the letter and spirit of the laugh. I mean law.  More... Join In It might be hard to imagine a five-figure consulting deal shaping federal policy. But we don’t know who is paying the Polling Company, or how much. The point of the bribery, graft, and conflicts of interest statute in question is to police any potential conflict. The president is said to have a tendency to make decisions based on the last person he talked to. Conway’s office is right in the West Wing. A major corporation wouldn’t need to pay the Polling Company to explicitly deliver its message to the president; simply knowing where your money is coming from could be enough to influence your thinking, which is why the laws are clear on this topic. It’s also why Conway and the White House need to be clear as well. If she plans to sell her company, she should commit publicly to doing so. Step one would be for Conway to actually request a certificate of divestiture from OGE as the White House implied she was in the process of doing. If she isn’t going to sell, the White House should explain how she could possibly retain ownership of the company and avoid breaking the law, offer a running disclosure on all of the Polling Company’s clients, and all of the issues from which she is recusing herself. Anything short of that and Conway might as well reprise her role as a pitchwoman for Trump goods and services—that, at least, she was doing out in the open. Know anything about the Polling Company or any other potential conflicts of interest in the Trump administration? DM Josh Voorhees on Twitter or email him at josh.voorhees@slate.com.   Load Comments Powered by Livefyre Slate Sign In Sign Up FOLLOW SLATE Twitter Facebook Instagram SLATE ON IPHONE ANDROID KINDLE Reprints Advertise with us ABOUT US CONTACT US WORK WITH US USER AGREEMENT PRIVACY POLICY FAQ FEEDBACK CORRECTIONS Slate Group Panoply Slate is published by The Slate Group, a Graham Holdings Company. All contents © 2017 The Slate Group LLC. All rights reserved. Slate Slate Sign In Sign Up
News24 News. Breaking News. First LAST UPDATED: 2017-03-26, 17:35 In partnership with Cape Town Monday 15-20°C Mostly sunny. Cool. 3 day forecast Tuesday 16-20°c Sunny. Cool. Wednesday 15-23°c Sunny. Mild. Thursday 16-22°c Sunny. Cool. More weather from Weather24 > Brought to you by: News South Africa World Africa Entertainment Green Health Opinions Voices MyNews24 Columnists Business Budget 2017 Markets Personal Finance Economy Opinion Small Business FinWeek Sport News Rugby Cricket Soccer Golf Tennis Formula1 Other Sport SuperSport Live Streaming Video Highlights Tech News Companies Mobile Opinion Multimedia Motoring News New Models 4X4 Formula One MotorSport Bikes Your Wheels Travel News Explore Family Holidays SA Holiday Guide Weekend Escapes Travel Planning My Travels Lifestyle Health Women Motoring Food Travel Entertainment Parent Volunteers24 GameZone Dating Video News Sport Entertainment Motoring Women Food Parenting Travel Health Focus Project Rise Zimbabwe Aids Focus Good News City Press Competitions isiZulu Jobs Property City Press   Spacewalking French, US astronauts begin upgrade 2017-03-24 21:30 (Nasa, AP) Multimedia   ·   User Galleries   ·   News in Pictures Send us your pictures  ·  Send us your stories What To Read Next {{item.title}} Related Links SpaceX cargo ship arrives at ISS Spacewalk - Space Station getting new batteries Contact lost with unmanned ISS cargo ship: Russia Miami - A French and an American astronaut floated outside the International Space Station on Friday for a spacewalk to upgrade the orbiting outpost for the arrival of future space crews. The spacewalk by France's Thomas Pesquet, 39 and American Shane Kimbrough 49, officially began when the duo switched their spacesuits to internal battery power. Pesquet and Kimbrough are installing new docking ports for the next generation of commercial spacecraft and do some minor space station repairs and maintenance. The new crew spaceships, being designed by SpaceX and Boeing, should begin flying astronauts to the station in the coming years...as early as 2018. Currently, the only way the world's astronauts can reach orbit is by buying a ride aboard Russia's Soyuz capsules, at $81m per seat. Read more on:    international space station  |  us Join the conversation! 24.com encourages commentary submitted via MyNews24. Contributions of 200 words or more will be considered for publication. We reserve editorial discretion to decide what will be published. Read our comments policy for guidelines on contributions. NEXT ON NEWS24X #EarthHour2017: Great ways to go green 2017-03-24 11:45 Inside News24 SA Tattoo Convention! 5 tattoo artists from the SA Tattoo Convention you have to know about! I was in a cult for 10 years Lesley shares what it was like living with an infamous cult Want a custom number plate? Here's all you need to know... Leaving a baby alone in a hotel room Our readers respond. Expat myths No, we don't live the high life. Why you should use a dashcam It could just save you from a potential bribe... Get paid R125K a month to live in a mansion Ready to apply for the "Best Job on the Planet"? Miss SA top 12! Which one of these women will be the next Miss SA?   Welcome to News24 Get Published! UPLOAD Click here to upload your article Click here to upload your photo Click here to upload your video Most Read News In Your Area Top Lifestyle Zuma comes out guns blazing Why big boobs are not always a 'gift' Maimane gets tough on Zille 'We are not trying to hide evidence' - Spur on play pen footage Lotto results, Saturday March 25 More.. [change area] News in Cape Town Stellenbosch student injured during hike Illegal power connections disrupt Cape Town rail services Strong winds postpone Cape Town Fashion Week Stormers escape Singapore shock Stormers escape Singapore shock Need a place to work and eat when you're in Joburg? Check out these 8 awesome ‘coffices’ A worthy winner? Opel Astra takes 2017 Car of the Year crown Coconut flapjacks, sweet potato tart and more midweek recipe ideas for low carb cooks SA's highlights captured through the eyes of tourists will make you want to explore Mzansi Does being a parent mean you live longer? /News WATCH: Progeria teen celebrates milestone birthday with President Zuma Book flights Compare, Book, Fly From: Departure Date: To: Return Date: Travellers Traffic Alerts Please Select a Region Gauteng KwaZulu-Natal Western Cape Free State Mpumalanga Eastern Cape Limpopo Northern Cape North West Traffic Cape Town 15:45 PM Road name: Kirstenbosch Gardens Kalk Bay 11:19 AM Road name: Main Road More traffic reports Lotto results, Saturday March 25 2017-03-25 21:04 Click here for the full list of lottery results Jobs in Cape Town [change area] Jobs in Western Cape region Technical Draughtsperson Western Cape Mega-Lite (Pty) Ltd New Vehicle Sales Executive Western Cape Cheryl Krieger R7 000 Per Month Junior Tour Consultant Western Cape All About Africa Tours & Travels Browse more Cape Town jobs... Pretoria Jobs Mahikeng Jobs East London Jobs Medical Jobs Engineering Jobs Admin Jobs Register your CV... Get Job alerts in your e-mail... RECRUITERS – Advertise your jobs here Property [change area] HOUSES FOR SALE IN Somerset West, La Sandra Houses R 8 775 000 HOUSES FOR SALE IN Hermanus, Kwaaiwater Houses R 40 000 000 HOUSES FOR SALE IN Durbanville, Sonstraal Houses R 3 595 000   services E-mail Alerts The latest headlines in your inbox RSS feeds News delivered really simply. Mobile News24 on your mobile or PDA E-mail Newsletters You choose what you want News24 on Android Get the latest from News24 on your Android device. SMS Alerts Get breaking news stories via SMS. TV Get us in your home, on your television.   News24Wire · Search · Advertise on News24 · Terms & Conditions · Press Releases · Jobs at 24.com · About us · Contact us   © 2017 24.com. All rights reserved. There are new stories on the homepage. Click here to see them.   News24 English Afrikaans isiZulu |   OLX  |  PROPERTY24  |  CAREERS24  |  SPREE  |     Hello  Create Profile Creating your profile will enable you to submit photos and stories to get published on News24. Please provide a username for your profile page: This username must be unique, cannot be edited and will be used in the URL to your profile page across the entire 24.com network. Hello  Choose a display name: * You must provide a display name. Edit your avatar: Select an image file on your computer (max 4MB): * The image you selected could not be uploaded. Tell us a bit about yourself: * Your profile could not be saved at the moment. Please try again later.   Saving your profile   Login / SignUp Login / SignUp Settings Location Settings News24 allows you to edit the display of certain components based on a location. If you wish to personalise the page based on your preferences, please select a location for each component and click "Submit" in order for the changes to take affect. Your Location Change your location National Cape Town George Johannesburg Pretoria East London Port Elizabeth Bloemfontein Durban Pietermaritzburg Polokwane Mbombela Kimberley Mahikeng * Weather Change your location National Cape Town George Johannesburg Pretoria East London Port Elizabeth Bloemfontein Durban Pietermaritzburg Polokwane Mbombela Kimberley Mahikeng * Always remember my setting Saving your settings Facebook Sign-In Hi News addict, Join the News24 Community to be involved in breaking the news. Log in with Facebook to comment and personalise news, weather and listings.  
Menu Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Electroimpact President Peter Zieve. (Dan Bates / Herald file) Attorney general: ‘Outrageous’ discrimination at Electroimpact Dan Catchpole Fri Mar 24th, 2017 7:18pm BusinessNews You must sign in or register to continue reading content. 2016: Electroimpact president to apologize for anti-mosque efforts 2014: How an unconventional founder created an aerospace giant MUKILTEO — Electroimpact has made a reputation as a leading aerospace supplier that attracted topshelf engineers. Last year, it gained a reputation for a workplace culture where workers traded hateful jokes about Muslims via company-wide emails, single employees were pressured to marry, and job applicants who appeared to be Muslim were passed over. News reports in The Daily Herald and other publications prompted a months-long investigation by the state Attorney General’s Office, which says that the private company violated state law by discriminating on the basis of religion and marital status. The state announced Friday it reached a settlement with Electroimpact. The company has agreed to non-discriminatory hiring policies, encourage more job applications from people of color and pay $485,000, among other stipulations in a consent decree signed by the state and Electroimpact. The attorney general said the court-monitored decree will be in place at Electroimpact for more than three years. Some of the changes were made nearly a year ago, when news reports revealed Electroimpact’s workplace culture and the efforts of its founder and president, Peter Zieve, to block construction of a proposed mosque in Mukilteo, where the company is based. “The workplace culture has changed,” said Ben Hempstead, a senior engineer who often acts as Electroimpact’s public face. Zieve could not be reached for comment Friday. The attorney general’s office says the investigation by its civil rights unit shows that the company engaged in unfair or deceptive practices by describing itself as an equal opportunity employer in advertising. “The conduct outlined in our complaint is outrageous,” state Attorney General Bob Ferguson said in a news release Friday. “Discriminating against workers and retaliating against anyone who questions it is illegal.” “This is old news,” Hempstead said. “There’s no new material” in the state’s complaint against the company. Zieve did offer a bonus to married employees, but it only happened once, he said. “We still do give (financial) gifts based on the number of children people have. We want to support families, and there’s nothing wrong with that.” The state’s complaint only cites one example of Zieve offering a marriage bonus. However, it implies that the practice was ongoing. While the settlement imposes several conditions on the company, it also includes a statement that “Electroimpact expressly denies that it engaged in any unlawful, actionable, or prohibited conduct.” Zieve’s personal beliefs came into the spotlight in 2016, when he waged a secretive campaign to block construction of a proposed mosque in Mukilteo. The Daily Herald tied the campaign back to Electroimpact’s owner. He dropped his opposition to the house of worship, and apologized in person in May 2016 to Mukilteo-area Muslims. In an email to the Herald last year, Zieve wrote that his actions “have offended and hurt my neighbors and their families, for that was not my intent. I sincerely apologize for those actions, in particular to my Muslim neighbors.” Most of the needed permits have been issued for the mosque, and construction should start this year, said Mohammed Riaz Khan, president of the group backing the proposed Islamic Center of Mukilteo. The resulting controversy prompted changes at Electroimpact, Hempstead said. “The jokes email list is gone,” and the company changed its hiring practice last year. Zieve is not involved with hiring. Instead, the company uses a transparent tracking system that focuses on an applicant’s qualifications and experience, he said. About a dozen people have been hired since the new system went into effect in December. Prior to that, the company had stopped hiring in April 2016 while revising its practices, he said. Recently, the company made offers to five applicants, including two women, Hempstead said. Electroimpact pays online job sites to make sure its openings are seen by people who are not white and are looking for work, he said. “That has really paid off” in the applications coming in. The company continues to have high standards for applicants, he said. Considering that the company allegedly weeded out certain non-white candidates before, its hiring practices are more merit-based today than before. Under the conditions of the decree: • Zieve will no longer participate in evaluating candidates for non-management positions. • Electroimpact will no longer base compensation decisions on marital status. • Someone other than Zieve will be designated to accept employee complaints, and the employee handbook will be changed to reflect that Electroimpact prohibits harassment. • Electroimpact will make reasonable efforts to increase hiring people of color, including advertising every internship and full-time employment opportunity to minority engineering organizations, hosting two events with minority student associations at Electroimpact property on a semi-annual basis, and conducting at least two recruitment events with minority engineering organizations on a semi-annual basis. • Electroimpact will provide semi-annual reports to the state including a summary of all complaints made against Electroimpact or its agents about discrimination or harassment based on religion, national origin or marital status. The aerospace firm is one of the city’s biggest employers, and Zieve has numbered among the community’s most celebrated business leaders. Electroimpact is a prominent maker of automated machines for jetliner assembly and counts the Boeing Co. as a major customer. Electroimpact also does business with Airbus and other airplane makers.   Most Read Aerospace blog Boeing layoff tally reaches 245, more expected EVERETT — The Boeing Co. laid off 245 workers this month, according… Mar 24th, 2017 by Dan Catchpole ‘Zero evidence’ of crime in Ben Keita’s death LAKE STEVENS — After weeks of renewed investigation, there is “zero evidence”… Mar 25th, 2017 by Rikki King Detectives seek witnesses to vehicular assault in Marysville MARYSVILLE — Detectives are seeking help from people who might have witnessed… Mar 25th, 2017 by Caitlin Tompkins The Pursuit NW is now home to more than 200 congregants SNOHOMISH — Five potted plants on a table helped Pastor Russell Johnson… Mar 25th, 2017 by Noah Haglund DNR considering land swap at Indian Ridge LAKE STEVENS — The state Department of Natural Resource has scheduled an… Mar 25th, 2017 by Herald Staff © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Contact Social media
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: President Trump's 2018 Budget: 3 Things Defense Investors Should Hate About It A stitch in time saves nine, goes the old saying. But does this new budget sow the seeds of disaster? Rich Smith (TMFDitty) Mar 24, 2017 at 12:13PM President Donald Trump wants to kick defense spending up a notch. Actually, by quite a few notches -- he wants to increase military spending by $54 billion. Now, if you're invested in defense stocks, that probably sounds like good news to you. More money for F-35 fighter jets, more money spent building aircraft carriers to carry them, and more money spent buying missiles to shoot from them -- this is all great news for Lockheed Martin (NYSE:LMT), Huntington Ingalls (NYSE:HII), and Raytheon (NYSE:RTN), respectively. Yet if you look beyond all the military hardware changing hands, there are also more than a few line items in President Trump's proposed fiscal 2018 budget that investors in aerospace and defense might not like. Things like ... The Pentagon benefits bigly from President Trump's new budget -- but at what cost? Image source: Getty Images. Zero dollars for ARPA-E The Advanced Research Projects Agency- Energy (ARPA-E) -- is the U.S. Department of Energy analog to the Pentagon's DARPA. President Trump apparently isn't enthused with ARPA-E's focus on fostering green-energy initiatives, but ARPA-E is about a whole lot more than just windmills and shiny mirrors. It's one of the prime movers behind America's effort to develop better batteries for electric cars, for example. With an annual budget of only $350 million, ARPA-E helps provide seed capital to incubate "transformational energy projects that can be meaningfully advanced with a small investment over a defined period of time." In addition to batteries, ARPA-E is helping develop better electric transmission technologies to improve the nation's power grid and eliminate blackouts. Why, it's even working on the holy grail of energy -- development of a cold-fusion reactor to create an endless supply of free energy for the nation, a technology Lockheed Martin has also shown interest in. If ARPA-E succeeds in making cold fusion a reality, America could free itself from dependence on OPEC oil, and from the need to spend so much ensuring steady access to that oil. Free of Middle Eastern entanglements, the U.S. would finally be able to spend less on defense, which makes ARPA seem like something worth a few hundred million dollars' investment. And private industry agrees -- over the past eight years, companies have invested more than $1.8 billion of their own in ARPA-E-sponsored projects. Putting the space tow truck fleet in "park" Every year, America spends billions of dollars building huge, highly advanced satellites, and then paying Lockheed and Boeing to launch them into orbit. These satellites' missions cover everything from exploring the reaches of outer space to facilitating communication (and GPS) among U.S. troops, to keeping an eye out for nuclear weapons testing in North Korea. One huge drawback to this satellite fleet, however, is that it requires fuel to run on, and that fuel eventually runs out. NASA has proposed a solution -- developing a Robotic Refueling Mission to pave the way for building a fleet of spaceships that could refuel satellites when they run out of gas, conduct repairs when they get glitchy, and even tow satellites into correct orbits when they wander astray. Just one such space tow truck could salvage literally billions of dollars' worth of space infrastructure investment. Yet President Trump's budget proposes to kill the Robotic Refueling Mission to save a measly $88 million.  I see nothing. I hear nothing. I want to know -- nothing! Perhaps the greatest flub of the 2018 budget proposal, though, is the Donald's desire to cut $250 million from such climate change-oriented programs as NOAA's "Sea Grant" research, education, and training programs, zero out funding for "climate change research and partnership programs" as well, and ax various NASA missions also studying climate. President Trump's antipathy for climate-change research is well known, and cutting funding for programs that keep an eye on rising sea levels is certainly one way to ensure the global-warming phenomenon gets less press. Yet the Defense Department itself calls climate change an "urgent and growing threat to our national security." "Global climate change," wrote the Pentagon in a 2015 report, "degrades living conditions, human security, and the ability of governments to meet the basic needs of their populations." By inciting global turmoil, it poses a "security risk" to the United States. So in the opinion of the president's own generals, the government needs to keep aware of "the effects of climate change -- such as sea-level rise, shifting climate zones, and more frequent and intense severe-weather events -- and how these effects could impact national security." The upshot Put aside questions of whether global warming is caused by burning dinosaur bones or not. Whatever your opinion on the cause of climate change, it's still essential to know the facts about whether global warming is happening -- and if so, how fast, and with what consequences. That has serious national security implications for everything from the navigability of littoral zones to estimates of how soon China's super-expensive "fake islands" will be put right back underwater again by rising sea levels. And the story is similar with the cuts in funding to ARPA-E, and to satellite refueling. Funding a $54 billion defense spending increase, by cutting a few hundred million in funds from projects that could make much of this spending unnecessary, seems incredibly short-sighted. This budget might be good news for defense contractors in the short term -- but it could cost taxpayers much, much more in the long run.  Rich Smith has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Rich Smith (TMFDitty) I like things that go "boom." Sonic or otherwise, that means I tend to gravitate towards defense and aerospace stocks. But to tell the truth, over the course of a dozen years writing for The Motley Fool, I have covered -- and continue to cover -- everything from retailers to consumer goods stocks, and from tech to banks to insurers as well. Follow me on Twitter or Facebook for the most important developments in defense & aerospace news, and other great stories besides. Article Info Mar 24, 2017 at 12:13PM Industrials Stocks Raytheon NYSE:RTN $151.02 down $-2.14 (-1.40%) Lockheed Martin NYSE:LMT $267.42 down $-2.08 (-0.77%) Huntington Ingalls Industries NYSE:HII $204.93 down $-3.01 (-1.45%) Read More Lockheed Martin Earnings: Here's the 1 Number That Matters Most The 7 Priciest Military Planes Made in the USA How Will a Trump Presidency Affect Defense Stocks? Lockheed Lands $1.2 Billion F-16 Contract Canada Budgets up to CA$40 Billion for a New Navy Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current President Trump's 2018 Budget: 3 Things Defense Investors Should Hate About It @themotleyfool #stocks $RTN, $LMT, $HII
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Global Economy > Competitiveness > Durable Goods Orders Increase, Again Durable Goods Orders Increase, Again Mar 24, 2017 Bloomberg EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 A sixth straight gain in durable goods orders (minus transportation equipment) underscores rising demand that should help to broaden economic growth. Bruce Bennett, Getty Images Advertisement Orders for U.S. durable goods increased more than forecast in February, a sign companies are confident about the outlook for the economy. Bookings for goods meant to last at least three years rose 1.7% after a 2.3% advance the prior month that was larger than previously estimated, Commerce Department data showed Friday. The median forecast of economists surveyed by Bloomberg called for a 1.4% increase. A sixth straight gain in orders for durable goods minus transportation equipment underscores rising demand that will help to broaden economic growth. Business has the potential of increasing even more should Washington lawmakers succeed in reducing corporate taxes and regulations. Economists’ estimates for durable orders ranged from a drop of 0.7% to a gain of 3.5%. The prior month’s advance was revised from a previously reported 2%. Popular Now Managing the Financial Supply Chain Third-Party Risk and What to Do About It What is Smart Manufacturing? Excluding transportation equipment demand, which is often volatile, orders increased 0.4% after a 0.2% gain. The weaker part of the report was in the figure measuring future business investment in items like computers, engines and communications gear. Bookings of non-defense capital goods excluding aircraft unexpectedly fell 0.1% , compared with a median projection for a 0.5% advance. January was revised to a 0.1% increase. At the same time, those orders were up at a 9.1% annualized rate in the three months ended in February. Shipments of capital goods excluding aircraft and military hardware, used in calculating gross domestic product, rose 1% in February. For more manufacturing news, notes and analysis, subscribe to the IW Daily Newsletter, delivered to your inbox every weekday morning The report also showed bookings for civilian aircraft climbed 47.6% following an 83.3% surge at the start of the year. (Boeing Co., the Chicago-based aerospace company, said it received 43 orders for aircraft in February, up from 26 in the prior month, and deliveries also increased.) The Commerce Department’s report showed a 0.8% drop in bookings for motor vehicles and parts, as auto dealers deal with high inventory. Industry data showed car sales in February were little changed from the previous month. Cars and light trucks sold at a 17.5 million annualized rate, according to Ward’s Automotive Group. Orders for military capital equipment decreased 8.3%, and demand for non-defense durable goods rose 2.1% for a second month. By Shobhana Chandra, with assistance from Jordan Yadoo. Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Durable Goods Orders Increase Again Transportation Leads Increase in Durable Goods Orders in December 1 US Durable Goods Orders Fall Again in September Durable Goods Orders Drop Again in February Boeing Orders Push Durable Goods Increase THE LATEST Spacewalk a Success for US, French Astronauts Germany Calls for EU Help in Steel Showdown with US Gummy Bear Maker to Open First US Factory Samsung Apologizes to Shareholders for Involvement in Scandals Vitamix’s Continuous Improvement Journey -IW Manufacturing & Technology Conference & Expo Preview Durable Goods Orders Increase, Again More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week Mar 21, 2017 Exclusive Building Technology—and a Workforce—for the Long-Term at Schaeffler The German precision parts supplier's president of automotive Americas talks about the company's electrification research and overcoming skills gap challenges with apprenticeships and co-ops....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek SpaceX Launch of First Reused Rocket to Mark Milestone for Musk How the Internet of Things Can Boost ERP Vitamix’s Continuous Improvement Journey -IW Manufacturing & Technology Conference & Expo Preview Tesla’s $169 Million Battery Play Is Just the Beginning Amid Slow Sales, Ford Sees Profit Dropping More Than Estimates IW Webinars Manufacturing's Great Debate Manufacturing Trends: IndustryWeek/PwC Webinar Series Put Your Labor Data to Work: Unlock Improvements in Manufacturing with Engaged Employees How the Cloud and Analytics Improve Manufacturers' Bottom Lines Manufacturing Flash Forward: A Preview of 2017's Top 17 Issues, in 17 Minutes View All Hot Topics Trump and Manufacturing The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers Food Manufacturing Report: Enabling Farm-to-Table Track & Traceability with Mobile Technologies What's In the Gear that Service Techs Need? Mobile Vehicle and Heavy Equipment Repair Services The New Service Model Connected Quality Management Accelerating Global Industrial Productivity with The Connected Enterprise More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News Petrol price war: Asda, Sainbury’s and Tesco are cutting fuel prices across the UK up to 2p It is the second set of price cuts at supermarket filling stations this month and follows a recent fall in oil prices Zlata Rodionova Friday 24 March 2017 16:18 GMT Click to follow The Independent Online Motorists will see an acceleration in fuel price cuts over the weekend Getty Supermarket chains Asda, Sainbury’s and Tesco have announced that they are cutting the price that they charge for petrol and diesel over the weekend, a new round in the ongoing fresh price war between major retailers. Tesco, Britain’s biggest supermarket,  was the first to confirm the move, announcing that from Friday it is cutting the cost of petrol and diesel by 2p per litre at all of its 500 petrol stations. That was followed by similar announcements by Sainsbury and Asda. Both said that they would reduce prices starting from Saturday. Read more Falling oil price deals fresh blow to Scotland ahead of new referendum Motorists will pay no more than £1.13 per litre for petrol and £1.15 for diesel at Asda's 301 filling stations.  While Sainsbury's will cut prices by 2p at its 306 forecourts. It is the second set of price cuts at supermarket filling stations this month and follows a recent fall in oil prices. Brent crude slipped below $50 this week for the first time since November, according to Reuters data. Luke Bosdet, of the AA, said he was concerned that the so-called supermarket fuel price war does not actually benefit all drivers across the UK. Business picture of the day 37 show all Business picture of the day 1/37 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 2/37 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 3/37 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 4/37 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 5/37 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 6/37 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 7/37 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 8/37 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 9/37 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 10/37 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 11/37 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 12/37 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 13/37 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 14/37 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 15/37 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 16/37 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 17/37 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 18/37 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 19/37 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 20/37 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 21/37 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 22/37 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 23/37 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 24/37 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 25/37 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 26/37 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 27/37 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 28/37 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 29/37 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 30/37 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 31/37 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 32/37 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 33/37 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 34/37 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 35/37 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 36/37 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 37/37 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters "Our main concern will be with prices in small market towns without a supermarket presence. They very often become the land that fair prices forgot," Mr Bosdet said. According to Government figures, UK motorists were being charged an average of £1.19 per litre for petrol and £1.22 for diesel earlier this week. More about: Asda Tesco Sainsbury's oil prices petrol prices Fuel Prices petrol prices fuel prices Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Arrow-right Camera Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather Search E-edition Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Obits OpinionClassifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Washington Idaho Nation World Business Health Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Movie times Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts Wash. Idaho Business Health Nation World Elections Photos Business Orders for US durable goods increase more than forecast FRIDAY, MARCH 24, 2017, 9:18 A.M. In this Wednesday, Feb. 8, 2017, photo, washers and dryers appear on display for sale at a J.C. Penney store in Pittsburgh. (Gene J. Puskar / Associated Press) By Shobhana Chandra Bloomberg Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS Orders for U.S. durable goods increased more than forecast in February, a sign companies are confident about the outlook for the economy. Bookings for goods meant to last at least three years rose 1.7 percent after a 2.3 percent advance the prior month that was larger than previously estimated, Commerce Department data showed Friday. The median forecast of economists surveyed by Bloomberg called for a 1.4 percent increase. A sixth straight gain in orders for durable goods minus transportation equipment underscores rising demand that will help to broaden economic growth. Business has the potential of increasing even more should Washington lawmakers succeed in reducing corporate taxes and regulations. Economists’ estimates for durable orders ranged from a drop of 0.7 percent to a gain of 3.5 percent. The prior month’s advance was revised from a previously reported 2 percent. Excluding transportation equipment demand, which is often volatile, orders increased 0.4 percent after a 0.2 percent gain. The weaker part of the report was in the figure measuring future business investment in items like computers, engines and communications gear. Bookings of non-defense capital goods excluding aircraft unexpectedly fell 0.1 percent, compared with a median projection for a 0.5 percent advance. January was revised to a 0.1 percent increase. At the same time, those orders were up at a 9.1 percent annualized rate in the three months ended in February. Shipments of capital goods excluding aircraft and military hardware, used in calculating gross domestic product, rose 1 percent in February. The report also showed bookings for civilian aircraft climbed 47.6 percent following an 83.3 percent surge at the start of the year. Boeing orders Boeing, the Chicago-based aerospace company, said it received 43 orders for aircraft in February, up from 26 in the prior month, and deliveries also increased. The Commerce Department’s report showed a 0.8 percent drop in bookings for motor vehicles and parts, as auto dealers deal with high inventory. Industry data showed car sales in February were little changed from the previous month. Cars and light trucks sold at a 17.5 million annualized rate, according to Ward’s Automotive Group. Orders for military capital equipment decreased 8.3 percent, and demand for non-defense durable goods rose 2.1 percent for a second month. Published: March 24, 2017, 9:18 a.m.  Tags: business, durable goods, economy Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Masthead Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Aerospace Fasteners Market Forecast 2017-2027 News provided by Visiongain Ltd Mar 23, 2017, 10:01 ET Share this article LONDON, March 23, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- By Material Type (Aluminium, Alloy Steel, Titanium, Others), by Application (Fuselage, Control Surfaces, Interior), by Product (Nuts & Bolts, Rivets, Screws, Others), by End User (Commercial, Defence), by Aircraft Type (Narrow Body Aircraft, Wide Body Aircraft, Very Large Aircraft (VLA), Regional Transport Aircraft, Business Jets, Military Aircraft) Key benefits of purchasing this report • Learn About the Future Aerospace Fastener Industry Outlook - The Aerospace Fastener regional and national market forecasts will confirm and underpin your own analysis • Keep Up To Speed With Aerospace Fastener Technologies - Find 5 submarket forecasts; by Products, by Material, By Application, by End User, and by Aircraft Type • Stay Informed About the Aerospace Fasteners Market - Read visiongain's drivers and restraints analysis of the market • Save Time Researching the Market Landscape with profiles of the 10 leading companies • Reinforce Your Business Analysis For the Aerospace Fastener Market - Substantiate your analysis of the market with visiongain's forecasts of the market • Enhance Your Presentations on the Aerospace Fasteners Market - Find 260+ table & charts that you can utilise to illustrate your observations about the Aerospace Fasteners market. • Get Instant Aerospace Fastener Market Intelligence - See comprehensive forecasts of the market and submarket data Segmentation By Products: - Nuts & Bolts - Rivets - Screws - Others By Material: - Aluminium - Alloy Steel - Titanium - Others By Application: - Fuselage - Control Surfaces - Interior To see a report overview please email Sara Peerun on sara.peerun@visiongainglobal.com By End User: - Commercial - Defence By Aircraft Type: - Narrow Body Aircraft - Wide Body Aircraft - Very Large Aircraft (VLA) - Regional Transport Aircraft - Business Jets - Military Aircraft Target readership • Aerospace companies • Commercial and Military Aircraft MRO companies • Spare parts suppliers • Manufacturers supplying the aerospace & defence industry • Any with an interest in the aerospace fasteners market place To request a report overview of this report please email Sara Peerun at sara.peerun@visiongainglobal.com or call Tel: +44-(0)-20-7336-6100 Or click on: https://www.visiongain.com/Report/1823/Aerospace-Fasteners-Market-Forecast-2017-2027 List of Companies Mentioned in This Report                  3V Fasteners Company Inc. Accumen Global Technologies Advanced Logistics for Aerospace Aerospace Dynamics International Agusta Westland Air France-KLM Airbus Alcoa Fastening Systems & Rings Alenia Aermacchi Allfast Fastening Systems Avdel B&B Specialties, Inc. Boeing Bufab Group COMAC EADS Eurocopter Firth Rixson GE Aviation Hi-Tech fasteners Ho-Ho-Kus Inc. Infastech KLX LISI Aerospace Lockheed Martin MAC Fasteners Manoir Aerospace Group Martinic Engineering Marvin Group National Aerospace Fasteners Corp. Noranco Phillips Screw Company POP Avdel Precision Castparts Corporation Stanley Black & Decker STGA group TFI Aerospace Corp. TriMas Corporation Wesco Aircraft Wright Tool Co. To see a report overview please email Sara Peerun on sara.peerun@visiongainglobal.com SOURCE Visiongain Ltd Mar 24, 2017, 10:01 ET Preview: The Global Electrosurgical Energy Devices Market Forecast 2017-2027 Mar 22, 2017, 10:01 ET Preview: Emerging Technologies in Solar Power Market Report 2017-2027 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Mar 24, 2017, 10:01 ETThe Global Electrosurgical Energy Devices Market Forecast... Mar 22, 2017, 10:01 ETEmerging Technologies in Solar Power Market Report 2017-2027 Explore More news releases in similar topics Airlines & Aviation Publishing & Information Services Aerospace & Defense Mining & Metals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Aerospace Fasteners Market Forecast 2017-2027 News provided by Visiongain Ltd Mar 23, 2017, 10:01 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Top News U.S. News World News Voices Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News Defense Energy Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive The Almanac Search Home / Defense News Raytheon tapped for Super Hornet, Growler radar upgrades By Ryan Maass   |   March 24, 2017 at 9:17 AM Follow @upi Comments March 24 (UPI) -- Raytheon received a $17.8 million contract to upgrade radars used on F/A-18 and EA-18G aircraft operated by the U.S. Navy and the Australian air force. The AN/APG-79 Active Electronically Scanned Array radar is already in full-rate production for both armed forces. According to Raytheon, the device allows radar beams to be steered at close to the speed of light, resulting in enhanced situational awareness and improved air-to-air and air-to-surface combat capabilities. Work on the contract will be performed at various locations in California, Mississippi and Massachusetts, and is expected to be complete by March 2021. Raytheon received all funding at the time of the award, which includes foreign military sales for the government of Australia. The project will be managed by the Naval Air Systems Command in Maryland. The F/A-18 Super Hornet and the EA-18G Growler are two Boeing-made fighters based on the legacy F-18 design. The Super Hornet is a twin-engine, supersonic jet typically integrated with carrier strike groups. The Growler is fitted for electronic warfare missions, and is capable of providing electronic protections for allied craft while jamming enemy communications and radar detection. Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram for more news from UPI.com Related UPI Stories Mattis presses Congress for $30B defense hike Lockheed transferring production site for F-16s French government approves Rafale F4 upgrades Comments Latest Headlines KC-46 tanker modernization program facing delays: GAO 1 day ago ago March 24 (UPI) -- The U.S. Air Force's KC-46 tanker modernization program could be facing additional delays, according to a report by the U.S. Government Accountability Office. European forces conduct aerial refueling training 1 day ago ago March 24 (UPI) -- Air forces from Germany, Italy, France and the Netherlands began conducting air-to-air refueling exercises with tanker aircraft, military officials said. Belarus to get Russian Mi-8 helicopters in April 1 day ago ago March 24 (UPI) -- Russian Helicopters, a subsidiary of Russia's state-owned Rostec, is preparing to deliver a second batch of Mi-8 aircraft to Belarus in April. GA-ASI starts testing of mid-air launch-and-recovery drone vehicles 1 day ago ago March 24 (UPI) -- GA-ASI is continuing to develop a mid-air launch-and-recovery system for small unmanned aerial vehicles. Taiwan to build its own submarines 1 day ago ago March 24 (UPI) -- Taiwan will soon begin its own submarine production program for the country's navy, according to local media reports. Trending Stories Fans remember Fisher, Reynolds at memorial service RB Adrian Peterson willing to take less money for right fit One killed, 14 injured in shooting at Cincinnati nightclub Drone records shark 'close to tasting' swimmer wearing flippers Florida man charged after eating pancakes in busy intersection PHOTOS USA wins 2017 World Baseball Classic Elizabeth Banks, Bill Hader attend 'Power Rangers' premiere in Los Angeles Restoration completed in Jerusalem's Church of the Holy Sepulchre Ryan Reynolds: Photos of the actor through the years Dax Shepard, Kristen Bell attend 'CHiPS' premiere in Los Angeles President Donald Trump: The first 100 days in photos Explore UPI Top News Entertainment News Odd News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy News Defense News UPI Archives UPI Espanol United Press International United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. Stay up to Date Login Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback Copyright © 2017 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY
Photos Videos Topics Live NZ 67/0 (25.3) - SA 314/10 (89.2) Live IND 248/6 (91) - AUS 300/10 (88.3) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Ravindra Gaikwad Yogi Adityanath Virat Kohli Donald Trump Narendra Modi Home Sci/Tech WRAPUP 1-U.S. core capital goods orders dip, but shipments surge Shares1 Fri, 24 Mar 2017-06:37pm , Reuters New orders for key U.S.-made capital goods unexpectedly fell in February, but a surge in shipments amid demand for machinery and electrical equipment supported expectations for an acceleration in business investment in the first quarter. The Commerce Department said on Friday that non-defense capital goods orders excluding aircraft, a closely watched proxy for business spending plans, dipped 0.1 percent last month after rising 0.1 percent in January. Shipments of these so-called core capital goods jumped 1.0 percent after declining 0.3 percent in January. Core capital goods shipments are used to calculate equipment spending in the government's gross domestic product measurement. Economists polled by Reuters had forecast core capital goods orders rising 0.6 percent last month. Orders for machinery inched up 0.1 percent while shipments increased 0.9 percent. Orders for electrical equipment, appliances and components advanced 2.2 percent, the biggest increase in seven months, and shipments rose 1.5 percent. U.S. financial markets were little moved by the data as investors awaited the outcome of a vote later on Friday on a Republican-sponsored bill to replace Democratic President Barack Obama's 2010 Affordable Care Act. The vote is seen as the first significant policy test for President Donald Trump. MANUFACTURING RECOVERING A recovery in oil prices from multi-year lows is driving demand for equipment in the energy sector, helping to lift the manufacturing sector after a prolonged slump. Manufacturing, which accounts for about 12 percent of the U.S. economy is also being underpinned by a burst of confidence amid promises by the Trump administration to slash taxes for businesses, boost infrastructure spending and repeal some regulations. Details of the fiscal stimulus package, however, remain vague, resulting in only a modest increase in business spending on equipment outside the energy sector. The Federal Reserve last week described business investment as appearing to have "firmed somewhat." Economists expect business spending on equipment to pick up in the first quarter after a 1.9 percent annualized growth pace in the fourth quarter. Still, that will likely be insufficient to offset the drag on GDP from slower consumer spending and a wider trade deficit. The Atlanta Fed is forecasting the economy growing at a 0.9 percent rate in the first quarter after expanding at a 1.9 percent pace in the final three months of 2016. Last month, a 4.3 percent jump in demand for transportation equipment offset the dip in core capital goods bookings, and hoisted overall orders for durable goods, items ranging from toasters to aircraft that are meant to last three years or more, 1.7 percent. Durable goods orders had increased 2.3 percent in January. Civilian aircraft orders soared 47.6 percent in February. Boeing reported on its website that it had received orders for 43 aircraft last month, up from 26 in January. Orders for motor vehicles and parts fell 0.8 percent in February, while orders for defense aircraft declined 12.8 percent. There were increases in orders for primary metals, but orders for fabricated metal products fell as did those for computers and electronic products. Unfilled orders for core capital goods increased 0.2 percent last month after rising 0.5 percent in January. Inventories of overall durable goods rose 0.2 percent last month. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Sci/Tech New algorithm can tell when you'll get bored of mobile game Sci/Tech Xiaomi Mi 6 and Xiaomi Mi 6 Plus specifications, prices surface online Sci/Tech Most massive brown dwarf discovered 750 light years away Sci/Tech Reliance Jio Prime to get one month's extension till April 30? Sci/Tech How eye movements may tell if someone is lying Sci/Tech How a 17-year-old corrected data recorded by NASA on the International Space Station Live Cricket Score Live NZ 67/0 (25.3) NZ trail by 247 runs SA 314/10 (89.2) Full Scorecard | Commentary Live IND 248/6 (91) IND trail by 52 runs AUS 300/10 (88.3) Full Scorecard | Commentary West Indies vs Pakistan Sun, 26 March 2017, 10:00 PM IST Related WikiLeaks will provide tech companies access to CIA hacking tools: Assange This company wants to mine the Moon for 'precious resources' Obama thanks NASA for taking his sign to Mars Video WATCH | Earth Hour 2017: Cities around the world plunge into darkness to bring light to climate change WATCH | Lights Out! 10 years of Earth Hour Watch: Classical Indian Odissi dancers groove to Ed Sheeran's Shape of You! View all Tags Barack Obama Donald Trump Boeing Reuters U. S. Affordable Care Act Atlanta Fed Commerce Department Democratic Federal Reserve SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Ties with China, Russia won't affect US relations: Pak Trump ally Stone offers to testify in Russian meddling probe AAP leader writes to Home Minister over threats in courtroom Normal life in Manipur paralysed in strike against MLA Govt to take up case of 'abandoned' German patient in Kolkata Sport Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Lyon's extra bounce was the big difference: Chappell Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Entertainment Someone tried to be over smart with Karan Johar. KJo's response is BADASS and we love it! Baahubali 2 breaks barriers again, becomes first Indian movie to have a live Virtual Reality event! Kapil Sharma vs Sunil Grover: Here's what Bharti Singh has to say about the whole fiasco Legal trouble for Kamal Haasan post his remark on Mahabharata First look of Sushant Singh Rajput's 'Romeo Akbar Walter' out Money No idea of introudcing new denomination notes at present: RBI Coal India announces 2nd interim dividend for 2016-17 Rly to have integrated software for instant data collection Can suspend auto exchange if confidentiality breached: Swiss ESIC today launched Mobile Clinic Services in AP, Telangana Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Matthew Staver/Bloomberg Orders for U.S. Durable Goods Increase More Than Forecast by Sho Chandra @ShoChandra More stories by Sho Chandra March 24, 2017, 8:30 AM EDT March 24, 2017, 8:45 AM EDT Orders for U.S. durable goods increased more than forecast in February, a sign companies are confident about the outlook for the economy. Bookings for goods meant to last at least three years rose 1.7 percent after a 2.3 percent advance the prior month that was larger than previously estimated, Commerce Department data showed Friday. The median forecast of economists surveyed by Bloomberg called for a 1.4 percent increase. A sixth straight gain in orders for durable goods minus transportation equipment underscores rising demand that will help to broaden economic growth. Business has the potential of increasing even more should Washington lawmakers succeed in reducing corporate taxes and regulations. Economists’ estimates for durable orders ranged from a drop of 0.7 percent to a gain of 3.5 percent. The prior month’s advance was revised from a previously reported 2 percent. Excluding transportation equipment demand, which is often volatile, orders increased 0.4 percent after a 0.2 percent gain. The weaker part of the report was in the figure measuring future business investment in items like computers, engines and communications gear. Bookings of non-defense capital goods excluding aircraft unexpectedly fell 0.1 percent, compared with a median projection for a 0.5 percent advance. January was revised to a 0.1 percent increase. At the same time, those orders were up at a 9.1 percent annualized rate in the three months ended in February. Capital Equipment Shipments of capital goods excluding aircraft and military hardware, used in calculating gross domestic product, rose 1 percent in February. The report also showed bookings for civilian aircraft climbed 47.6 percent following an 83.3 percent surge at the start of the year. Boeing Co., the Chicago-based aerospace company, said it received 43 orders for aircraft in February, up from 26 in the prior month, and deliveries also increased. The Commerce Department’s report showed a 0.8 percent drop in bookings for motor vehicles and parts, as auto dealers deal with high inventory. Industry data showed car sales in February were little changed from the previous month. Cars and light trucks sold at a 17.5 million annualized rate, according to Ward’s Automotive Group. Orders for military capital equipment decreased 8.3 percent, and demand for non-defense durable goods rose 2.1 percent for a second month. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Uber to Suspend Autonomous Tests After Arizona Accident Trump Meets Freedom Caucus and Result Is Legislative Disaster Trump Praises Ryan on Health as Aides Privately Blame the Speaker Trump's Retreat on Health Care Deals a Blow to the Rest of His Agenda House Obamacare Repeal Collapse Raises Doubts on GOP Agenda Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business Comment Ofcom orders broadband industry to compensate let down consumers but will it be enough to improve service? Getting a credit of £6 off your bill for every day your service is delayed doesn't sound like a lot when you consider the inconvenience of missing out on broadband  James Moore Chief Business Commentator @JimMooreJourno Friday 24 March 2017 10:30 GMT Click to follow The Independent Online Broadband has become an essential service A question many people might ask of communications watchdog Ofcom on the subject of its plan to force broadband providers to automatically compensate them for service fails: what took you? The regulator has launched consultations on a plan to provide customers with automatic payments “without having to go through a potentially lengthy and difficult claims process” if any one one of three things happen.  If your landline or broadband isn’t fixed quickly enough, if your new service isn’t up and running on the promised day, or if an engineer misses a scheduled appointment, congratulations: you’re going to get paid. Read more Ofcom pushes for automatic compensation if customers' broadband fails Plusnet fined £880,000 by Ofcom for billing former customers Ofcom investigates Farage claim Sweden is ‘rape capital of Europe' Not before time, given the level of dysfunction in the broadband industry. According to Ofcom’s own figures there are 5.7 million cases of customers experiencing a loss of service every year, engineers miss a quarter of a million appointments, around one in eight new installations are delayed, affecting 1.3m people.  If you’re lucky, and kick up a big fuss, you might get a few quid, but most people are simply left to suffer in silence until the problem gets fixed.  Broadband, in particular, has become an all but essential part of modern life. A huge range of services have migrated on to the Internet, both state and private. The patchy nature of provision in rural areas – scandalous by the way – blights the lives of people living there. Try losing Netflix for a day when you have it. I know the latter sounds trivial. It might do some families some good to, you know, talk (and yes that applies to mine too). But being forced into that position as a result of a utility’s slapdash approach to service is simply unacceptable.  The problem at the moment is that the incentives to do better aren’t sufficiently strong. Switching is a good idea if it saves you money. But there are no guarantees that you will do any better when it comes to service. And you put yourself at risk of the problems the watchdog wants to fix by doing so.   BT’s Openreach is the cause of a lot of problems too. Most broadband providers use its network and it remains to be seen whether Ofcom forcing its legal separation within the BT group will dampen their consistent angry complaints about the company. Forcing them to compensate their customers when Openreach is at fault? I’d imagine that will spark demands for the re-negotiation of service agreements as a matter of urgency.  Business picture of the day 37 show all Business picture of the day 1/37 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 2/37 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 3/37 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 4/37 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 5/37 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 6/37 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 7/37 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 8/37 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 9/37 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 10/37 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 11/37 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 12/37 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 13/37 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 14/37 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 15/37 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 16/37 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 17/37 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 18/37 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 19/37 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 20/37 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 21/37 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 22/37 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 23/37 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 24/37 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 25/37 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 26/37 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 27/37 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 28/37 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 29/37 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 30/37 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 31/37 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 32/37 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 33/37 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 34/37 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 35/37 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 36/37 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 37/37 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters The industry has proposed its own solution, which would see compensation paid through a voluntary code. But it only involves three providers and industry solutions on matters like this almost always favour the industry as opposed to their customers. As Ofcom has rightly recognised. However, the redress it is proposing doesn’t look particularly generous. You get £6 a day when your new service is delayed, £10 a day if a repair isn’t conducted within two working days, £30 if an appointment is missed. But, to its credit, the regulator says it wants to hear from you if you don’t think that’s enough. Assuming your broadband provider hasn’t messed up your service, you can respond via its website.  I’d urge you to do that. The cost to the industry of the measures Ofcom is proposing has been put at £185m, and the £185m question is whether that will represent enough of a drag on profits to motivate broadband providers to pull up their socks. After all, it isn’t unknown for businesses to cynically accept penalties as part of the cost of doing business. Banks did that for years.  More about: OFCOM BT Sky Vodafone TalkTalk plusnet Broadband compensation Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Photos Videos Topics Live NZ 67/0 (25.3) - SA 314/10 (89.2) Live IND 248/6 (91) - AUS 300/10 (88.3) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Ravindra Gaikwad Yogi Adityanath Virat Kohli Donald Trump Narendra Modi Home Money SpiceJet retains lead over Jet as 2nd most valued aviation co Shares9 Fri, 24 Mar 2017-03:12pm , PTI Budget airline SpiceJet, which has surpassed Jet Airways to become the county's second most valued aviation company, continued to retain the position today. With a market capitalisation (m-cap) of Rs 5,709.76 crore, SpiceJet, which was on the verge of going belly-up two years ago, for the second day stayed ahead of Jet that had valuation of Rs 5,606.03 crore in the afternoon trade on BSE. Shares of SpiceJet were trading 2.03 per cent higher, while those of Jet were up 2.53 per cent. SpiceJet's m-cap yesterday move up to Rs 5,598 crore, which was Rs 134 crore more than Jet's Rs 5,464 crore valuation. InterGlobe Aviation, which operates Indigo, is the country's most valued aviation company with a wide margin at a market cap of Rs 36,652.89 crore. SpiceJet's share price has risen over 63 per cent so far this year, while that of Jet was up 38.47 per cent. SpiceJet had reported 24 per cent fall in net profit to Rs 181.1 crore in three months ended December 2016. It operates 343 daily flights to 45 destinations - 39 domestic and six international - using a fleet of 32 Boeing 737NGs and 17 Bombardier Q-400s. Jet Airways had reported a nearly 70 per cent plunge in net profit at Rs 142.38 crore in the three months ended December 2016. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP < Box Office: Varun Dhawan-Alia Bhatt starrer 'Badrinath Ki Dulhania' records HIGHEST 2nd week collection of 2017!   Comments   Also Read Money Why was note conversion not allowed till March 31? RBI refuses to answer yet another RTI query Money Demonetization may have affected CAD: SBI Research Money Nissan teases #SmarterBolder Terrano facelift with GIFs ahead of launch Money Advertisers' interest in digital content is rising, industry confident of carving place in market Money How a Middle Eastern airline sold 50% more tickets by trolling Donald Trump Money Car manufacturers may be expected pay levy on sale of BS-III vehicles after April 1 Next Article > Ahead of 2007 Ajmer dargah blast, Yogi Adityanath met convict Sunil Joshi: Suspect tells NIA < Previous ArticleNext Article > Box Office: Varun Dhawan-Alia Bhatt starrer 'Badrinath Ki Dulhania' records HIGHEST 2nd week collection of 2017! Live Cricket Score Live NZ 67/0 (25.3) NZ trail by 247 runs SA 314/10 (89.2) Full Scorecard | Commentary Live IND 248/6 (91) IND trail by 52 runs AUS 300/10 (88.3) Full Scorecard | Commentary West Indies vs Pakistan Sun, 26 March 2017, 10:00 PM IST Next node Ahead of 2007 Ajmer dargah blast, Yogi Adityanath met convict Sunil Joshi: Suspect tells NIA Related Government working on 'appropriate policies' for 100% FDI in airline After CAG highlights Air India's operational losses, govt says airline profitable under GAAP After concession under RCS, airlines seek fuel tax cut for all routes Video WATCH | Earth Hour 2017: Cities around the world plunge into darkness to bring light to climate change WATCH | Lights Out! 10 years of Earth Hour Watch: Classical Indian Odissi dancers groove to Ed Sheeran's Shape of You! View all Tags SpiceJet Jet Airways Boeing Bombardier Boeing 737NGs InterGlobe Aviation SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Trump ally Stone offers to testify in Russian meddling probe AAP leader writes to Home Minister over threats in courtroom Normal life in Manipur paralysed in strike against MLA Govt to take up case of 'abandoned' German patient in Kolkata Students asked to submit written apology for celebrating Holi at Pakistan's Sindh University Sport Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Lyon's extra bounce was the big difference: Chappell Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Entertainment Someone tried to be over smart with Karan Johar. KJo's response is BADASS and we love it! Baahubali 2 breaks barriers again, becomes first Indian movie to have a live Virtual Reality event! Kapil Sharma vs Sunil Grover: Here's what Bharti Singh has to say about the whole fiasco Legal trouble for Kamal Haasan post his remark on Mahabharata First look of Sushant Singh Rajput's 'Romeo Akbar Walter' out Money No idea of introudcing new denomination notes at present: RBI Coal India announces 2nd interim dividend for 2016-17 Rly to have integrated software for instant data collection Can suspend auto exchange if confidentiality breached: Swiss ESIC today launched Mobile Clinic Services in AP, Telangana Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News Credit Suisse pays £2.5bn in bonuses, despite hefty legal bills and poor 2016 showing Firm is in the second year of a costly turnaround plan that has been hampered by market turmoil, surprise trading losses and legacy issues Jan-Henrik Förster Friday 24 March 2017 09:08 GMT Click to follow The Independent Online Employees at other big European banks are looking at smaller pay checks this year Getty Images Credit Suisse increased its bonus pool by 6 per cent, defying a trend toward smaller payouts at many of its peers in an effort to prevent an exodus of talent from its investment banking and Asian operations. The bank awarded 3.09 billion francs (£2.5bn) in bonuses for 2016, according to its annual report published on Friday, even as charges tied to legal settlements pushed it to its second consecutive annual loss. Credit Suisse restated its full-year earnings to reflect a charge of 272 million francs after reaching a settlement on toxic mortgage securities with the US National Credit Union Administration. Read more Credit Suisse is cutting 5,500 jobs in 2017 after losing $2.4bn Credit Suisse is in the second year of a costly turnaround plan that has been hampered by market turmoil, surprise trading losses and legacy issues. The bank’s common equity Tier 1 capital ratio, a key measure of financial strength, fell to 11.5 per cent from 11.6 per cent as a result of the settlement announced Friday. After tapping shareholders for 6 billion francs as the overhaul got under way in late 2015, the bank is now considering a share sale to raise more than 3 billion francs, people with knowledge of the matter have said. The bank “experienced key employee retention issues” in the first quarter of last year after slashing compensation, it said in the report. The increase in the bonus pool for 2016 should “ensure that employees who met their performance targets could be compensated in line with the market in order to retain key talent,” particularly in divisions that do much investment banking. Cultural Shift Employees at other big European banks are looking at smaller pay checks this year. Hit by legal expenses, Deutsche Bank slashed its 2016 bonus pool by almost 80 per cent, a figure unmatched in its recent history. Swiss rival UBS handed out the smallest bonuses in four years after profit slumped. Business picture of the day 37 show all Business picture of the day 1/37 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 2/37 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 3/37 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 4/37 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 5/37 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 6/37 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 7/37 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 8/37 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 9/37 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 10/37 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 11/37 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 12/37 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 13/37 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 14/37 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 15/37 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 16/37 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 17/37 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 18/37 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 19/37 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 20/37 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 21/37 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 22/37 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 23/37 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 24/37 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 25/37 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 26/37 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 27/37 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 28/37 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 29/37 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 30/37 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 31/37 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 32/37 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 33/37 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 34/37 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 35/37 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 36/37 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 37/37 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters Chief executive Tidjane Thiam was awarded 11.9 million francs for his first full year on the job, proportionately more than the 4.57 million francs he got for his first six months at Credit Suisse in 2015. He earned 8.2 million francs in cash and shares on top of his fixed-pay of 3.7 million francs. The bank cited his progress in executing strategy, including success in cutting costs and building capital, and his efforts to drive a change in culture at the bank. Thiam waived part of his bonus for 2015, when the bank took a loss mainly due to restructuring charges. He is earned less than his UBS counterpart, Sergio Ermotti, who received 13.7 million francs. UBS cut its bonus pool for 2016 by 17 per cent to 2.9 billion francs. More about: Credit Suisse bank bonus Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News Brexit: Deutsche Bank commits to London after EU departure with a new UK headquarters Corporate demand for office space in the capital has fallen dramatically since the EU referendum - firms leased 19 per cent less space in central London in 2016 than a year earlier Sarah Jones Friday 24 March 2017 08:34 GMT Click to follow The Independent Online Deutsche Bank is in exclusive talks to move its UK headquarters to a building being constructed at 21 Moorfields in the City of London. Germany’s biggest bank is negotiating with Land Securities on a 25-year lease for the building, with staff due to start moving across in 2023, according to a memo sent to the lender’s staff and seen by Bloomberg News. The developer Friday confirmed that it’s in talks with Deutsche Bank over an advance rental that would require changes to the building’s design. Read more Deutsche Bank Shares Tumble In Frankfurt After $8.5 Billion Capital Raising Confirmation Corporate demand for office space in London has fallen in the wake of the Brexit vote, with BNP Paribas estimating that firms leased 19 per cent less space in central London in 2016 than a year earlier. Deutsche Bank, which is in the process of overhauling its businesses, said this month that the next phase of its plan will cause additional job losses. In 2015, it predicted that 9,000 jobs would be eliminated through 2018. “The move underlines the bank’s commitment to the City of London and the importance it attaches to being an employer of choice in the capital,”  Garth Ritchie, Deutsche Bank’s UK chief executive officer, said in the memo. Business picture of the day 37 show all Business picture of the day 1/37 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 2/37 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 3/37 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 4/37 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 5/37 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 6/37 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 7/37 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 8/37 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 9/37 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 10/37 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 11/37 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 12/37 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 13/37 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 14/37 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 15/37 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 16/37 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 17/37 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 18/37 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 19/37 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 20/37 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 21/37 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 22/37 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 23/37 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 24/37 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 25/37 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 26/37 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 27/37 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 28/37 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 29/37 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 30/37 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 31/37 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 32/37 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 33/37 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 34/37 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 35/37 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 36/37 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 37/37 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters “It will advance the bank’s strategic goals of increasing efficiency, reducing complexity and strengthening links between the business divisions and infrastructure functions.” Deutsche Bank’s move is subject to the lease being agreed to and the building gaining planning consent, according to the memo. Land Securities, which didn’t comment on the other details of the talks, said negotiations will take several months and there is no guarantee they will lead to a transaction. Bloomberg More about: Deutsche Bank Brexit Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News Ofcom proposes automatic compensation scheme for customers hit with broadband or landline outage Under the new rules customers could get money back without having to go through potentially arduous claims processes Josie Cox Business Editor Friday 24 March 2017 08:45 GMT Click to follow The Independent Online Ofcom said that it would set the compensation limit and that this would “reflect the degree of harm suffered by consumers” Getty Ofcom has proposed that customers should get automatic refunds if landline or broadband services are too slow, or if repair deadlines are missed. The telecoms regulator said that under the proposal, customers would be entitled to automatic compensation, without having to go through potentially arduous claims processes, if their landline or broadband is not fixed quickly enough after it has stopped working, if their new service is not up and running on the day promised or if an engineer doesn’t arrive for an appointment as scheduled. Read more Plusnet fined £880,000 by Ofcom for billing former customers The group estimates that the plans would mean up to 2.6 million additional landline and broadband customers could receive up to £185m in new compensation payments each year. “When a customer’s landline or broadband goes wrong, that is frustrating enough without having to fight tooth and nail to get fair compensation from the provider,” said Lindsey Fussell, Ofcom’s consumer group director. She said that the benefit of the new rules would be two-fold: customers would be properly compensated and providers would want to work harder to improve the service they provide. Ofcom said that it would set the compensation limit and that this would “reflect the degree of harm suffered by consumers”. Read more Sky: Will Ofcom or the CMA dare to say no to the Murdochs? BT and OfCom reach a deal. Will it work for Britain? BT reaches deal with regulator Ofcom to legally separate Openreach Ofcom has fined EE £2.7m for overcharging customers The new rules would not apply to mobile phone providers, based on data from Ofcom showing that they already make significant compensation payments and fewer than 1 per cent of mobile customers lose service for more than 24 hours. Ofcom data also shows that there are 5.7 million cases each year of consumers experiencing a loss of their landline or broadband service, and each year engineers fail to turn up to around 250,000 appointments. Earlier this week, Ofcom said that it had fined Plusnet  £880,000 for continuing to charge customers for landline and broadband services after they had cancelled their contract. Business picture of the day 37 show all Business picture of the day 1/37 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 2/37 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 3/37 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 4/37 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 5/37 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 6/37 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 7/37 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 8/37 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 9/37 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 10/37 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 11/37 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 12/37 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 13/37 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 14/37 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 15/37 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 16/37 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 17/37 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 18/37 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 19/37 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 20/37 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 21/37 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 22/37 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 23/37 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 24/37 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 25/37 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 26/37 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 27/37 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 28/37 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 29/37 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 30/37 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 31/37 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 32/37 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 33/37 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 34/37 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 35/37 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 36/37 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 37/37 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters The phone provider, which is owned by BT, continued to charge 1,025 customers who had cancelled either their landline or broadband service as a result of an error in Plusnet’s billing system which meant that the lines were still recognised as “live”, Ofcom said on Wednesday. The customers were overcharged by more than £500,000 in total, it added. More about: OFCOM broadband services consumer affairs Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 March 2017 by satprnews satprnews Global Cyber Security Market is Expected to Reach $224.48 Billion by 2022 According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Cyber Security market is estimated at $85.21 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $224.48 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 14.84% from 2015 to 2022. Growing cyber crimes which may cause the loss of intellectual and financial assets and increase in adoption of cloud-based security solutions are some of the key factors propelling the market growth. Whereas use of pirated and freeware software for cyber security is hindering the market growth. Growing demand for Next Generation Security Solutions and increasing potential for Mobile and Web Applications and Platforms are the opportunity factors for the market players. However lack of skilled professionals is challenging the market growth. Browse the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/cyber-security-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 By service, Managed Services segment is expected to grow at highest CAGR during forecast period. In deployment mode, organisations are showing interest towards cloud deployment because of its cost-effective and time-efficient features. North America accounted for the highest market share as compared to other regions. The Asia Pacific region is expected to grow at a higher CAGR and is anticipated to account for the highest market share during forecast period because of increase growing adoption of web and mobile based business applications. Demand from developing countries in this region is one of the key drivers for the Asia Pacific region to move with highest CAGR during forecast period. Some of the key players in the market include BAE Systems PLC, The Boeing Company, Booz Allen Hamilton Inc, Cisco Systems Inc, Computer Sciences Corporation, Dell Inc, Finmeccanica SpA, General Dynamics Corporation, Hewlett Packard Company, International Business Machines Corporation (IBM), Intel Security, Symantec Corporation, Rapid7, Inc., EMC RSA, Fireeye, Inc., Trend Micro, Inc. and Sophos Ltd. Request a sample of the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/223181 Solutions Covered: Web Filtering Unified Threat Management (UTM) Security and Vulnerability Management Risk and Compliance Management Intrusion Detection System/Intrusion Prevention System (Ids/Ips) Identity and Access Management (IAM) Firewall Encryption Distributed Denial of Service Mitigation Disaster Recovery Data Loss Protection (DLP) Antivirus and Anti malware White listing Other Solutions Security Types Covered: Application Security Cloud Security Content Security Endpoint Security Network Security Wireless Security Industrial Control Systems Security Services Covered: Professional Services Training and Education Risk and Threat Assessment Managed Security Services (MSS) Design and Integration Consulting Managed Services Applications Covered: Telecom and IT Retail Manufacturing Healthcare Government and Public Utilities Banking, Financial Services and Insurance (BFSI) Aerospace, Defense and Intelligence Other Applications Deployment Modes Covered: On-Premises Cloud Components Covered: Services Solution Buy the report@http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/223181 Organization Sizes Covered: Large Enterprises Small and Medium Enterprises Regions Covered: North America US Canada Mexico Europe Germany France Italy UK Spain Rest of Europe Asia Pacific Japan China India Australia New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Rest of the World Middle East Brazil Argentina South Africa Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 Email: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, Computing, defense, Education, Electronics, general, Global Cyber Security Market, Global Cyber Security Market Forecast, Global Cyber Security Market Players, Global Cyber Security Market Trends, Google News, Industry, intelligence, Machinery, Manufacturing and Construction, Markets, satPRnews, service, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Injectable Drug Delivery Market is Expected to Reach $866.31 Billion by 2022 Next PostNext Global Electrical Enclosure Market Analysis, Share, Trends and Forecast by 2022 Search Recent Posts La London Taxi Company inaugure une usine de production de véhicules de 300 millions de livres sterling Artificial Intelligence – is it about to change my industry? Oil Insurance Limited (OIL) dichiara un dividendo di 250 milioni di dollari e apporta piccoli cambiamenti al suo piano di rating e premi External Remote Patient Monitoring Devices Market Well Prepared To Meet Futuristic Demands Of Healthcare At Home – MarketIntelReports Oil Insurance Limited (OIL) déclare un dividende de 250 millions USD et apporte des modifications mineures à son plan de notation et de primes Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
March 26, 2017 | 75° | Check Traffic Subscribe Customer Service Print Replica LOG IN Search for: Home Top News Local Sports Crave Features Business Editorial Obits Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Search for: LOG IN SUBSCRIBE 2016 Election Results Archives Columnists TGIF Video Photo Galleries Hawaii Prep World Hawaii Warrior World Blogs Travel Religion Hokulea Merrie Monarch Movie Listings TV Week Corrections Dining Out Hawaii Renovation Special Sections Honolulu Street Pulse Home 2016 Election Results Archives Top News Local Sports Crave Business TGIF Features Editorial Religion Columnists Travel Print Replica Blogs Video Photo Galleries Hokulea Merrie Monarch Customer Service Cars Homes Classifieds Movie Listings Jobs TV Week Business Virgin America will be the latest airline brand to disappear Associated Press Posted March 23, 2017 March 23, 2017 Updated March 23, 2017 7:10pm ASSOCIATED PRESS Alaska Airlines will retire the Virgin America brand, probably in 2019. Alaska announced in 2016, that it was buying Virgin, but CEO Brad Tilden held out hope to Virgin fans that he might keep the Virgin America brand, and run it and Alaska as separate airlines under the same corporate umbrella. DALLAS >> After months of teasing, Alaska Airlines has bad news for loyal customers of Virgin America — their airline’s name is being dumped. Alaska announced late Wednesday that it will retire the Virgin brand, probably in 2019, adding that name to a list including Continental and US Airways that disappeared in the past decade. Launching a new airline takes lots of money and patience — one reason that Virgin America’s debut in 2007 was so eye-catching. The other was its hip vibe including mood lighting and young, attractive flight attendants. So when Alaska announced last year that it was buying Virgin for $2.6 billion, it was like asking Virgin customers to trade in their sports car for a minivan — a solid, reliable ride, but not exciting. Alaska Airlines knew it, too. Last June, CEO Brad Tilden held out hope to Virgin fans that he might keep the Virgin America brand, and run it as a separate airline under the same corporate umbrella. Tilden said he believed in “the power of the Virgin America brand, and we don’t want to lose all that loyalty.” But running an airline within an airline adds complexity and costs. Alaska flies only Boeing jets; Virgin uses Airbus planes. Sometimes a split personality works in the airline business, sometimes it doesn’t — remember Ted, by United Airlines? And so Alaska’s announcement came as no surprise to people in the business. Still, many will be saddened, particularly in Virgin’s home market of California. Richard Branson, the British billionaire whose backing and minority ownership stake made the airline possible, posted a letter on Virgin’s website bemoaning that Alaska couldn’t find a place for Virgin. “With a lot of things in life, there is a point where we have to let go and appreciate the fact that we had this ride at all,” he wrote. Branson added that it remains to be seen how travelers will be affected by the dwindling number of U.S. airlines. Mergers in recent years grounded US Airways, Continental, Northwest, AirTran, and America West. Airfares rose faster than inflation after those mergers, but then they fell in 2015 and 2016 as fuel became cheaper. Virgin America played a role in those lower fares by engaging Southwest Airlines in a price war at Dallas Love Field. Seattle-based Alaska won a bidding war with JetBlue Airways to buy Virgin. The deal will greatly expand Alaska’s strength in California. Alaska recently announced it will greatly expand routes from the San Francisco Bay Area. Get the latest news by email Sign Up Share this: PREV NEXT Most Read Gunman in fatal Vegas Strip shooting surrenders peacefully One dead, one injured after stabbing on Kinau Street Poker tables keep decreasing on Nevada casino floors Hanauma Bay reopened after police investigate suspicious item HPD searching for suspect in attempted murder in Ewa Comments () By participating in online discussions you acknowledge that you have agreed to the TERMS OF SERVICE. An insightful discussion of ideas and viewpoints is encouraged, but comments must be civil and in good taste, with no personal attacks. If your comments are inappropriate, you may be banned from posting. Flag comments if you believe they do not follow our guidelines. Click here for more information on our commenting system. Copyright ©2017 staradvertiser.com. All rights reserved. 500 Ala Moana Blvd. #7-210, Honolulu, HI 96813 Telephone: (808) 529-4747 About Us Media Kit Advertise Privacy Policy Contact Information Terms of Service
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Blade Vault, Reprints Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education Weekly Ads Sunday, Mar 26, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Business Virgin America name is out Alaska Airlines to drop hip-vibe brand in 2019 ASSOCIATED PRESS Published on March 24, 2017 Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print DALLAS — After months of teasing, Alaska Airlines has bad news for loyal customers of Virgin America — their airline’s name is being dumped. Alaska announced late Wednesday that it will retire the Virgin brand, probably in 2019, adding that name to a list including Continental and US Airways that disappeared in the past decade. Launching a new airline takes lots of money and patience — one reason that Virgin America’s debut in 2007 was so eye-catching. The other was its hip vibe including mood lighting and young, attractive flight attendants. So when Alaska announced last year that it was buying Virgin for $2.6 billion, it was like asking Virgin customers to trade in their sports car for a minivan. Alaska Airlines CEO Brad Tilden last year held out hope to Virgin fans that he might keep the Virgin America brand, and run it as a separate airline under the same corporate umbrella. But running an airline within an airline adds complexity and costs. Alaska flies only Boeing jets; Virgin uses Airbus planes. Richard Branson, the British billionaire whose backing and minority ownership stake made Virgin America possible, posted a letter on Virgin’s website bemoaning that Alaska couldn’t find a place for Virgin. Related Items california , alaska , united states , north america , Boeing Co , US Airways Group Inc , Richard Branson , United Continental Holdings Inc , Southwest Airlines Co , JetBlue Airways Corp , Brad Tilden Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Medical Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week Startup Spotlight Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits Startup Resources Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR Week in Review: Most popular stories on GeekWire for the week of March 19, 2017 GeekWire Deals: Sleep soundly with this crazy-soft sheet set Bill Gates and Paul Allen had a business before Microsoft, and this engineer was their partner This Week in Seattle: Uber’s uncertain future, South Lake Union upzone, and more stuff you should know Electroimpact to pay $485,000 over claims of workplace harassment against Muslims Amazon will collect sales tax in four additional states starting April 1 Working Geek: FlowPlay CEO Derrick Morton relieves stress by going totally off the grid Outcry rises when Trump’s treasury chief, Steve Mnuchin, scoffs at AI impact on jobs GeekWire 200 March update: Startups spring up the list thanks to cash infusions The Week in Geek: How Starbucks and Amazon are becoming more alike Spacewalkers help get station ready for space taxis during first of three outings Geek of the Week: Data-driven CEO Omri Kohl aims to transform businesses at Pyramid Analytics GeekWire Deals: Master design industry favorites Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, and Premiere Pro Mobile ad developer claims in lawsuit it was cut out of Amazon smartphone deal by partner Uber GM says service may leave Seattle if landmark union law is implemented Pop culture powerhouse Funko to open giant flagship store in new Everett headquarters building Video provides another look at Amazon delivery drone (and Blue Origin spaceship) On World TB Day, meet researchers who are taking on the world’s deadliest pathogen Elon Musk posts a sneak peek of the first drive for a Tesla Model 3 electric car ‘Life’ horror movie sparks reality check on procedures for studying Mars samples Seattle to Portland in 15 minutes? Pacific Hyperloop begins campaign to make it so Boy meets artificial girl: My son got an Echo Dot, and here’s what he’s saying to Amazon’s Alexa Amazon Prime Air delivery drone drops off sunscreen during semi-public U.S. debut Gundam? Alien? It’s Jeff Bezos, piloting a giant robot at Amazon’s MARS conference Reports point to caution signals for Amazon Go checkout-free store Uber GM says service may leave Seattle if landmark union law is implemented IBM aims to undercut AWS and Azure with new ‘Flex’ cloud storage service U.S. Supreme Court set to hear arguments in decade-old Xbox 360 scratched-disc case Microsoft outage: Office 365, Xbox Live, Outlook, and more suffer account sign-in issues Why Alaska Airlines is killing off the Virgin America brand – and boosting perks SpaceX’s Elon Musk isn’t smiling over NASA authorization for Mars missions Watch dramatic new video shot by a drone flying high over the Amazon Spheres in Seattle Jump in Seattle’s median home value and rental price among fastest in the country, Zillow reports Twitter starts using IBM’s Watson technology to help identify bullies who tweet Adobe unveils new Microsoft HoloLens and Amazon Alexa integrations Jeff Bezos does a deep dive into bearings in Blue Origin’s BE-4 rocket engine update Scoop launches carpooling service in Seattle, helping workers get to and from the office This Week in Seattle: Uber’s uncertain future, South Lake Union upzone, and more stuff you should know The secret science of your office space: How architects are using neuroscience to make workers healthier and more productive Bill Gates and Paul Allen had a business before Microsoft, and this engineer was their partner Trending: Bill Gates and Paul Allen had a business before Microsoft, and this engineer was their partner Space & Science Boom Technology picks up $33 million in new funding to build supersonic jet by Alan Boyle on March 22, 2017 at 3:13 pmMarch 22, 2017 at 3:31 pm News Brief Colorado-based Boom Technology has raised $33 million in a Series A round to build and fly its first supersonic jet, a one-third-scale prototype known as the XB-1 or “Baby Boom.” Testing the XB-1 would blaze the trail for a full-scale jet capable of taking 40 passengers from New York to London in less than three and a half hours for a $2,500 one-way ticket. The round’s investors include 8VC, Caffeinated Capital, Palm Drive Ventures, RRE Ventures and Y Combinator Continuity Fund, according to TechCrunch and The Denver Post. The Boom team includes veterans from Amazon, Boeing, Lockheed Martin and Pratt & Whitney. Virgin Galactic and The SpaceShip Company are partnering with Boom and have dibs on the first 10 airframes. Love space and science? Sign up for our GeekWire Space & Science email newsletter for top headlines from Alan Boyle, GeekWire’s aerospace and science editor. Comments Share  33 Tweet Share  4 Reddit Email Previous StoryMicrosoft and Publicis strike cloud partnership for data-driven ad targeting Next StoryHoward Schultz hands the ‘keys to Starbucks’ to incoming CEO and tech veteran Kevin Johnson Filed Under: Science • Transportation  Tagged With: aerospace • Aviation • Boom Technology • Supersonic transport GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's Space & Science weekly newsletter Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories Boom moves ahead on supersonic plane project, with help from Virgin Galactic Spike Aerospace looks at Washington (and seven other states) for supersonic jet plant Faster, quieter, greener: Will NASA’s campaign for X-planes pick up speed? Will it be Washington? Spike Aerospace is still up in the air on supersonic jet plant Previous StoryMicrosoft and Publicis strike cloud partnership for data-driven ad targeting Next StoryHoward Schultz hands the ‘keys to Starbucks’ to incoming CEO and tech veteran Kevin Johnson Subscribe to GeekWire's Space & Science weekly newsletter Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: Sleep soundly with this crazy-soft sheet set GeekWire Deals: Master design industry favorites Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, and Premiere Pro Most Popular on GeekWire Seattle to Portland in 15 minutes? Pacific Hyperloop begins campaign to make it so Boy meets artificial girl: My son got an Echo Dot, and here’s what he’s saying to Amazon’s Alexa Amazon Prime Air delivery drone drops off sunscreen during semi-public U.S. debut Gundam? Alien? It’s Jeff Bezos, piloting a giant robot at Amazon’s MARS conference Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. Front End Web DeveloperFront Desk, Inc. IoT Solution ArchitectResin.io Back End Web DeveloperFront Desk, Inc. × Subscribe to GeekWire Newsletters Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers A Word From Our Sponsors Condos a go-go: Burrard Group and Realogics Sotheby’s International Realty sell more than $200 million in units during debut weekend of NEXUS Tower Read More Are Your Product Launches Predictable? Learn more about reducing risk in your next project. SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More GeekWire Bash: The ultimate geek carnival is almost here! Get your tickets today! Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session March 13th Condos a go-go: Burrard Group and Realogics Sotheby’s International Realty sell more than $200 million in units during debut weekend of NEXUS Tower Read More Are Your Product Launches Predictable? Learn more about reducing risk in your next project. SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More GeekWire Bash: The ultimate geek carnival is almost here! Get your tickets today! Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session March 13th Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Windows Phone Windows 8 Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
e-paper India Follow us: Today in New Delhi, India Mar 26, 2017-Sunday -°C New Delhi Humidity - Wind - select city Metro cities - Delhi Mumbai Chennai Kolkata Other cities - Noida Gurgaon Bengaluru Hyderabad Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Lucknow Patna Ranchi Powered by Close india elections 2017 world cities opinion cricket sports entertainment lifestyle tech education whatnow photos videos jaago re Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Mycollegesabroad Desimartini Plane truths: IndiGo tells A320neo pilots to fly low at 30,000 ft business Updated: Mar 24, 2017 08:03 IST Tarun Shukla Livemint, New Delhi IndiGo has so far inducted 17 A320neo planes in its 129-plane fleet.(Reuters File Photo) InterGlobe Aviation Ltd-run IndiGo and Go Airlines (India) Ltd run GoAir, among the first to fly the new Airbus A320neo, have been forced to find ways to deal with vexing technical snags with the Pratt & Whitney engines that power the aircraft. IndiGo has asked its pilots to fly snag-hit A320neo planes at a lower altitude, 30,000 ft, and not the usual 36,000 ft to reduce strain on engines even though it will mean higher fuel burn. GoAir CEO Wolfgang Prock-Schauer said in an interview on Thursday that Pratt & Whitney “will support us properly with spare engines and other support needs to be there so we can overcome the initial phase and don’t have any flight disruptions.” A Pratt & Whitney spokesman said it has no comment on the subject. Earlier this month the engine maker said there were no safety issues involved with the planes and replacement engines were being sent to India on cargo jets when required. Still, the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) has asked IndiGo and GoAir to increase surveillance of these planes, besides specifying other restrictions on when and where to fly them. In January, an IndiGo flight had a so-called rejected takeoff at Mumbai. A GoAir flight from Delhi had to return to the airport after an engine fire 15 minutes into the flight. Last month, a GoAir flight had to effect an emergency landing and an IndiGo flight had to fly minus passengers to Delhi from Baroda. Spokespersons for GoAir and IndiGo declined to comment for this story. Analysts say the two airlines are facing teething troubles that early buyers of new aircraft do. They point to Air India’s troubles with Boeing’s Dreamliner. Usually, such problems are sorted out within the first two years of a new aircraft being launched. In this case too, “technical issues will be sorted out in one-and-a-half years,” Prock-Schauer said. IndiGo, which was the launch customer for the Airbus A320neo, has about 413 planes on order; it has so far inducted 17 in its 129-plane fleet. GoAir flies less than half-a-dozen of them and has about 140 on order. The planes, powered by fuel-efficient engines, are key to both airlines’ low cost model. On 21 March, Ashim Mittra, vice president (flight operations), IndiGo said in a note to pilots that Pratt & Whitney had proposed limiting the altitude of flying to 30,000 feet for A320neo planes to avoid a possible glitch in the engine lubrication system and that effective 22 March, IndiGo had decided to adopt the recommendation. Mint has seen a copy of the note. Since flying at lower altitudes consumes more fuel, the note asked pilots to fuel up accordingly. Aviation analyst Mohan Ranganathan and former director general of civil aAviation Kanu Gohain said it was rare for an airline to place such altitude restrictions. Publicly known technical snags in the Neos include erroneous warnings to the pilot, longer startup times, issues with the combustor chamber lining, oil seal failures, and so-called oil chip detected warnings. “Pratt and Whitney have constantly been analysing other teething problems that have emerged during operations,” Mittra said in his note to pilots. Earlier this month, top Pratt & Whitney executives met DGCA officials to update them on the engine issues. Former DGCA chief Gohain said more inspections would help. “Whenever there are repeated engine issues you increase the frequency of inspections so that you can detect the internal distress of the engine earlier before it fails,” Gohain said. tags GoAir Airbus A320neo IndiGo Airlines Aviation more from business Apple didn’t violate Chinese phonemaker’s patent, rules Beijing court Mar 25, 2017 17:42 IST 2017 KTM RC390 review: Minor updates but ride remains the same great Mar 25, 2017 16:50 IST FD vs Stocks: Which One Should You Choose? Promotional Feature Recommended for you India World Business Education Autos Real estate Opinion Analysis Columns Editorials Blogs Authors Cities Delhi Gurgaon Noida Mumbai Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Kolkata Lucknow Patna Ranchi Sports Cricket Football Tennis Others Entertainment Movie reviews Bollywood Hollywood Regional movies World cinema TV Music Tabloid Lifestyle Sex & relationship Health & fitness Fashion & trends Art & culture Travel Books Brunch Tech Tech Reviews Gadgets Photos Videos Epaper HT Indepth Punjab Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Desimartini HTsyndication Follow us on: Newsletter Register with Hindustan Times to get best news and articles Copyright © HT Media Limited All rights reserved. About us Contact us Privacy policy Disclaimer Print Ad rates Jobs ‘We are here to stay’: Indian-Americans rally in US as hate crime incidents rise Mar 26, 2017 01:49 IST No agreement to carve out larger Nagaland, says government Mar 26, 2017 01:51 IST ‘Priest as CM, is this the beginning of a Hindu state?’: Nariman questions Modi’s... Mar 26, 2017 00:31 IST Anti-corruption measures, reforms to be highlight of NDA’s third anniversary ce... Mar 26, 2017 01:34 IST Tiger crushed to death by earthmover used by forest officials to trap it Mar 26, 2017 00:00 IST U’khand govt for CBI probe into ₹240-crore land scam Mar 25, 2017 23:56 IST No training, no IPS for state police service officers, says MHA Mar 25, 2017 23:49 IST uttar pradesh punjab goa uttarakhand manipur know your candidates AAP seeks verification of EVM paper trail in Punjab: ‘Have clear, irrefutable evidence of manipulation’ Mar 25, 2017 20:52 IST 45% UP ministers face criminal charges, 80% crorepatis; Allahabad MLA richest Mar 23, 2017 15:58 IST After assembly election victories, how long can Hindutva hold the fort for BJP Mar 23, 2017 07:39 IST Congress motion on governor’s role in inviting BJP to form Goa govt ‘admitted’ in... Mar 22, 2017 14:22 IST In Rajya Sabha, Mayawati dares BJP to hold assembly elections using ballot pape... Mar 21, 2017 14:01 IST ‘We are here to stay’: Indian-Americans rally in US as hate crime incidents rise Mar 26, 2017 01:49 IST Blasts kill three, injure 30 as Bangladesh commandos storm extremist hideout Mar 25, 2017 22:19 IST London attacker taught English in Saudi Arabia for 2 years Mar 25, 2017 22:19 IST Vehicle attacks: Low-tech, lone wolf operations where a car turns into a weapon Mar 25, 2017 20:09 IST Nepal president to visit India in April . Mar 25, 2017 20:12 IST Indians in UK receiving fraud calls for money Mar 25, 2017 19:58 IST India’s new envoy to Nepal arrives in Kathmandu Mar 25, 2017 20:33 IST delhi gurgaon noida mumbai bhopal chandigarh dehradun indore jaipur kolkata lucknow patna ranchi Light showers expected in a few days, could bring Delhi a cooler start to April Mar 26, 2017 01:34 IST Modi-Uddhav meet likely; BJP, Shiv Sena reset relations? Mar 26, 2017 00:43 IST Money bill passed: Maharashtra employees to get March salaries on time Mar 26, 2017 00:26 IST Suspension of 19 Opposition MLAs in Maharashtra likely to be withdrawn on Wedne... Mar 26, 2017 00:23 IST Indu Mill land in Mumbai transferred to Maharashtra govt for Ambedkar memorial Mar 26, 2017 00:08 IST Tiger crushed to death by earthmover used by forest officials to trap it Mar 26, 2017 00:00 IST Doctors strike: ‘Hospitals back to 100% from Sunday’ Mar 25, 2017 23:52 IST Taxi driver accused of rape, extortion held in Madhya Pradesh Mar 25, 2017 23:38 IST Shops licensed, no shortage of meat, insists Noida police Mar 25, 2017 23:38 IST analysis columns editorials blogs authors Hard nationalism divides, rather than unites Mar 25, 2017 21:09 IST Adityanath must realise it makes economic sense to keep abattoirs open Mar 25, 2017 23:28 IST Water: The resource that will determine our future Mar 25, 2017 21:07 IST Yogi Adityanath’s rise a challenge for both BJP, Oppn: Barkha Dutt | Opinion Mar 25, 2017 13:36 IST The SC is correct in saying that MPs and MLAs should not get unreasonable perks... Mar 24, 2017 18:29 IST New Zealand vs South Africa, Live cricket score, 3rd Test, Hamilton, Day 2 live Mar 25, 2017 23:58 IST Tamim Iqbal hits ton as Bangladesh thrash Sri Lanka in first ODI Mar 25, 2017 23:35 IST Drop cheerleaders, play tunes in praise of Lord Rama in IPL: Digvijaya Singh Mar 25, 2017 23:22 IST Kuldeep Yadav: Son of brick kiln owner makes his family proud vs Australia Mar 25, 2017 21:53 IST India’s Kuldeep Yadav move catches Australia off-guard in Dharamsala Test Mar 25, 2017 21:48 IST football tennis other sports ht gifa New Zealand vs South Africa, Live cricket score, 3rd Test, Hamilton, Day 2 live Mar 25, 2017 23:58 IST Barcelona plan stadium, statue homage to Johan Cruyff Mar 25, 2017 23:34 IST Tamim Iqbal hits ton as Bangladesh thrash Sri Lanka in first ODI Mar 25, 2017 23:35 IST Drop cheerleaders, play tunes in praise of Lord Rama in IPL: Digvijaya Singh Mar 25, 2017 23:22 IST Wales’s Neil Taylor ‘in bits’ over Seamus Coleman injury Mar 25, 2017 22:21 IST movie reviews bollywood hollywood regional movies world cinema tv music tabloid Begum Jaan: Asha Bhosle returns with soulful track in Vidya Balan’s film Mar 25, 2017 20:28 IST Sidharth Malhotra content with acting, no plans to produce films Mar 25, 2017 20:23 IST New terrifying poster of Ridley Scott’s Alien - Covenant hits Twitter Mar 25, 2017 20:00 IST After Life, Jake Gyllenhaal is ready to fight ISIS in The Anarchist vs ISIS Mar 25, 2017 20:00 IST Shilpa Shinde on sexual harassment case: Memory is still fresh, have been sick for... Mar 25, 2017 16:10 IST sex & relationships health & fitness fashion & trends art & culture travel books more from lifestyle brunch How far would you go to get a dream job? These guys chose the wackiest ways to get hired Mar 25, 2017 23:47 IST Listen to your chromosomes to fight ageing Mar 25, 2017 22:22 IST Poor, brilliant and ambitious – a medieval maverick Mar 25, 2017 22:04 IST A raja, a Jain, a Tagore: Meet desi dinosaurs that once roamed India’s plains Mar 25, 2017 21:56 IST Is your hair ready for the hot months? Six tips to protect it from the summer s... Mar 25, 2017 21:29 IST Apple didn’t violate Chinese phonemaker’s patent, rules Beijing court Mar 25, 2017 17:42 IST Astronauts complete spacewalk to retrofit space station: See video Mar 25, 2017 13:08 IST NASA’s Juno Spacecraft Set for Fifth Jupiter Flyby Mar 25, 2017 12:22 IST Facebook to begin testing GIF button for comments Mar 25, 2017 11:53 IST Elon Musk says Tesla to start taking orders for solar roof tiles in April Mar 25, 2017 10:52 IST Facebook introduces reactions, @ mentions and a thumbs down emoji to Messenger Mar 25, 2017 07:38 IST Twitter explores subscription-based option for first time Mar 25, 2017 07:47 IST After poor LLM scores, Mumbai university to recheck 10% papers to see if assessment was flawed Mar 25, 2017 23:21 IST Punjab school board to upload e-versions of textbooks online Mar 26, 2017 00:37 IST Be prepared for challenges, failure: Uday Kotak has leadership lessons for IIM-Bangalore... Mar 25, 2017 18:02 IST GATE 2017 results to be declared on March 27 Mar 25, 2017 17:43 IST Tamil Nadu lab assistant exam results declared, check them here Mar 25, 2017 14:37 IST Bright and beautiful: Kashmir blooms with Almond blossom Mar 25, 2017 15:15 IST In pictures | First day of new Punjab assembly’s maiden... Mar 24, 2017 19:17 IST Delhi’s Regal Cinema to get a makeover Mar 24, 2017 10:30 IST Gulmarg’s silky slopes could be an international skiing... Mar 24, 2017 22:12 IST From garlands to paper miniatures: People pay tribute to the Martyrs Mar 23, 2017 17:59 IST 10-year-old progeric boy becomes director of child rights body Mar 25, 2017 16:53 IST MCD: Municipal corporation of Development, Department or Disaster? Mar 24, 2017 18:24 IST AI staff member thrashed by MP retells tale of humiliation Mar 24, 2017 17:20 IST Won’t apologise, not my mistake, says Shiv Sena MP, Ravindra Gaikwad Mar 24, 2017 15:54 IST Shiv Sena MP brazens it out after assaulting Air India employee Mar 24, 2017 13:20 IST business ht-indepth real-estate autos punjab epaper ht-brand stories weekend
Toggle navigation Nation World States Cities Business Sport Entertainment Galleries Videos Life Style Specials Opinions All Sections   States Tamil Nadu Kerala Karnataka Andhra Pradesh Telangana Odisha Cities Chennai DelhiBengaluru Hyderabad Kochi Thiruvananthapuram Nation World Business Sport Cricket Football Tennis Other Education Social News Entertainment English Hindi Kannada Malayalam Tamil Telugu Review Galleries Videos Auto Life style Tech Health Travel Food Books Spirituality Opinions Editorials Ask Prabhu Columns Prabhu Chawla T J S George S Gurumurthy Ravi Shankar Shankkar Aiyar Shampa Dhar-Kamath Karamatullah K Ghori Edex Indulge Magazine The Sunday Standard E-paper Home Business Air India’s Hyderabad training centre to be a deemed university By Express News Service  |   Published: 24th March 2017 03:12 AM  |   Last Updated: 24th March 2017 03:12 AM  |   A+A A-   |   0 Share Via Email HYDERABAD: Air India’s Central Training Establishment (CTE) at Hyderabad will be transformed into a deemed aviation university by 2020. Administrators of this training institute have already initiated steps to upgrade CTE into a deemed university and a feasibility study is being done. “There’s acute shortage of good training institutes to train aspirants in the aviation sector. CTE has excellent track record of six decades in training and state-of-the art infrastructure and training facilities. We want to make optimum utilisation of the available resources and increase the capacity for training. Setting up of a deemed university in the aviation sector is a step in this direction,” said Amitabh Singh, executive director (training) at CTE. Singh said MBA in aviation, a first-of-its-kind in India, and other courses will be offered through CTE’s deemed university. CTE Hyderabad is spread over 20 acres and it has campuses at Mumbai and Delhi. CTE has six simulators – four Boeing simulators at Mumbai and two Airbus simulators at Hyderabad. CTE also offers cources for cabin crew, aviation security, aircraft engineering, and aviation marketing and management.       “We’ll acquire ATR flight simulator by October with an outlay of Rs 65 crore to train pilots flying ATR flights. We will train Alliance Air pilots through this simulator. Right now pilots are going to foreign nations like Singapore, Bangkok and France for ATR simulator training. Indian pilots can have training in India itself after ATR simulator is made available,” said Amitabh Singh. CTE traines pilots and staff of other airlines, too. While 150-200 type rated pilots are trained by CTE annually, the management wants to increase the number to 300 over the next one year. O P E N Jobs Wisdom Jobs Sarkari Result Freejobalert Latest Hizbul commander killed in J&K shootout 2 Hyd nurses suspended over expired injections  Rajnath Singh reviews security situation in Assam 8 persons killed as MUV collides with truck in Bengal Bikaner rape case: Police records statements of locals Kerala transport minister quits after sleazy phone conversation released Three arrested in Uttar Pradesh for illegal slaughter Gallery Why are India's Electronic Voting Machines best in world?  March 26 - This day in History arrow Videos Upset over molestation a girl tweets to CM Yogi, molester immediately arrested Watch: Yogi Adityanath feeds cows during Gorakhpur visit arrow FOLLOW US Copyrights New Indian Express.2017 Dinamani | Kannada Prabha | Samakalika Malayalam | Malayalam Vaarika | Indulgexpress | Edex Live Contact Us | About Us | Careers | Privacy Policy | Search | Terms of Use | Advertise With Us Home | Nation | World | Cities | Business | Columns | Entertainment | Sport | Magazine | The Sunday Standard
Don't Miss: How to fix 5 Windows 10 headaches CW@50: Data storage goes from $1M to 2 cents per gig (+video) Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. How to fix five Windows 10 headaches Windows Server on ARM laptops is for Azure only The ultimate guide to strategic tech partners Vendor health check: Salesforce More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Emerging Technology Virtual Reality News Augmented reality gets a second life in manufacturing Consumers may turn a blind eye to augmented reality, but manufacturers are taking a second look Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Magdalena Petrova Video Correspondent, IDG News Service | Mar 23, 2017 3:24 PM PT World Tech Update Augmented reality gets a second life in manufacturing   (2:02) More for you to like: R2-D2 airplane cleared for takeoff R2-D2 airplane cleared for takeoff (1:35) Apple iPad Pro, drone bill vetoed, NASA 4K channel - The Wrap Apple iPad Pro, drone bill vetoed,... (2:56) Xerox PARC's self-destructing chip explodes on demand Xerox PARC's self-destructing chip... (0:43) DARPA presents its networked radiation detector DARPA presents its networked... (4:48) Defense Secretary wants to work with tech start-ups Defense Secretary wants to work... (2:01) Apple iPhone 3D Touch adds pressure sensitivity Apple iPhone 3D Touch adds... (1:45) Although augmented reality may not have gotten very far in the consumer market, the technology is getting a second look in the manufacturing sector. Augmented reality gets a second life in manufacturing (2:02) More like this Why Google and Apple will rule mixed reality Augmented reality: Next-gen headsets show business promise Why (and how) to start planning your HoloLens apps Video Mingis on Tech: Videoconferencing arrives, and what's up with 'digital... The ungraceful death of the consumer version of Google Glass in 2015 may have had some grieving the early death of augmented reality. But the technology is being resurrected by companies on the manufacturing floor.  Take for example Lockheed Martin. Technicians at the aerospace manufacturer use Microsoft's Hololens headset to design and examine models of spacecraft such as the Mars lander ahead of it's 2018 mission.   Lockheed Martin Technicians at Lockheed Martin's Collaborative Human Immersive Lab in Colorado examine a model of the Mars lander using Micorsoft's Hololens augmented reality headsets.  The technology is also very useful for training and production.  "At Lockheed Martin, we see the HoloLens being a tremendous benefit in terms of 3D, the speed and quality that we can do our work," says Darin Bolthouse, an engineering manager at Lockheed Martin. "The ability to pull together all information that the technician has to reference in building a satellite or a space craft and all the other products that we build here, the ability to have all that information available in the HoloLens, and the guided instructions to pull together a product is going to have a tremendous advantage," he said.  Automakers like Volkswagen and BMW have also experimented with augmented reality. The technology proves useful in leaving workers' hands free and making communication between teams easier. The world's largest aircraft maker, Boeing is also giving augmented reality a shot. The company has used the technology to help technicians navigate the thousands of wires needed to connect a plane's electrical systems, or "wire harnesses," as they are called.   Upskill A Boeing technician working on a wire harness using Google Glass and the Skylight platform from Upskill. The future or augmented reality is looking good. According to an IDC study, the augmented reality market was worth $209 million in 2016 but is expected to grow to $49 billion by 2021. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Virtual Reality Wearables IT Industry Magdalena Petrova is a Video Correspondent covering daily tech news for IDG News Service and is based in San Francisco. Follow Fix Windows 10 problems with these free Microsoft tools You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon What Readers Like China reminds Trump that supercomputing is a race China said it plans to develop a prototype of an exascale supercomputer by the end of this year,... Why you should start using Google Keep right away Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go FCC reverses net neutrality ISP transparency rules The U.S. Federal Communications Commission has voted to roll back some net neutrality regulations that... Trump eyes an H-1B visa aimed at ‘best and brightest’ President Donald Trump is considering a new way of distributing the H-1B visa to ensure they go to the... Popular Resources White Paper Data Analytics in Government White Paper Dell EMC Analytic Insight Module White Paper Five Critical Success Factors for Big Data Projects White Paper Leveraging Data Analytics To Gain Competitive Advantage In Your Industry White Paper Power New Possibilities: Solutions for Your Data Analytics Journey Go Top Stories Apple: Macs and iPhones are safe from newly revealed CIA exploits The Mac and iPhone exploits described in new documents attributed to the CIA were patched years ago,... 6 useful R functions you might not know One of the best way to find cool, new-to-you R code is to see what other useRs have uncovered. So, I'm... CW@50: Data storage goes from $1M to 2 cents per gigabyte (+video) Over the past 50 years, data storage development has blown past barrier after barrier to give us... How to fix five Windows 10 headaches Microsoft's Windows 10 OS is a lot better than its predecessor, but it still has some annoying quirks.... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Use integration, automation, & intelligence to outsmart cybercriminals. It’s hard to be great when your computer isn’t Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Editorial Beats Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Photos Videos Topics Live NZ 67/0 (25.3) - SA 314/10 (89.2) Live IND 248/6 (91) - AUS 300/10 (88.3) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Ravindra Gaikwad Yogi Adityanath Virat Kohli Donald Trump Narendra Modi Home Sci/Tech WRAPUP 3-U.S. business spending picking up, but may slow in Q2 Shares1 Sat, 25 Mar 2017-01:53am , Reuters New orders for U.S.-made capital goods unexpectedly fell in February, but a surge in shipments amid demand for machinery and electrical equipment supported expectations for an acceleration in business investment in the first quarter. Manufacturing is recovering from a prolonged slump, driven by the energy sector, bucking a slowdown in the broader economy. The Federal Reserve last week described business investment as appearing to have "firmed somewhat." "The evidence is building that manufacturing activity is on something of an upswing and that capital spending on business equipment is poised to advance for the second consecutive quarter," said John Ryding, chief economist at RDQ Economics in New York. The Commerce Department said on Friday that non-defense capital goods orders excluding aircraft, a closely watched proxy for business spending plans, dipped 0.1 percent last month after rising 0.1 percent in January. That suggested a slowdown in business spending in the second quarter. Shipments of these so-called core capital goods jumped 1.0 percent after declining 0.3 percent in January. Core capital goods shipments are used to calculate equipment spending in the government's gross domestic product measurement. Last month's jump reflected increases in orders at the end of 2016. Economists polled by Reuters had forecast core capital goods orders rising 0.6 percent last month. Orders for machinery inched up 0.1 percent while shipments increased 0.9 percent. Orders for electrical equipment, appliances and components advanced 2.2 percent, the biggest increase in seven months, and shipments rose 1.5 percent. U.S. financial markets were little moved by the data amid drama surrounding efforts by Republicans to repeal Democratic President Barack Obama's 2010 Affordable Care Act and overhaul the healthcare system. Republican leaders in the U.S. House of Representatives called off a planned vote late on Friday because of a lack of support despite desperate lobbying by the White House and its allies in Congress, dealing a stiff setback to President Donald Trump. Stocks on Wall Street ended down, while the dollar was little changed. Prices for U.S. government bonds rose. "What the healthcare bill does is serve as the first litmus test of the Trump/Republicans' ability to deliver on important legislative initiatives," said Steven Ricchiuto, chief U.S. economist at Mizuho Securities in New York. "If they fail at this then the prospects for tax reform, infrastructure and defense spending will need to be rethought." MANUFACTURING RECOVERING A recovery in oil prices from multi-year lows is driving demand for equipment in the energy sector, helping to lift the manufacturing sector. Manufacturing, which accounts for about 12 percent of the U.S. economy is also being underpinned by a burst of confidence amid promises by the Trump administration to slash taxes for businesses, boost infrastructure spending and repeal some regulations. Details of the fiscal stimulus package, however, remain vague, resulting in a moderation in orders for equipment in the last couple of months. Economists say business spending could slow in the second quarter even as they expect an acceleration this quarter. A separate report on Friday from data firm Markit showed its U.S. manufacturing sector index fell in March to a five-month low. "Business optimism has been at cycle highs since the start of the year, but has yet to translate into commensurate strength in real activity," said Sarah House, an economist at Wells Fargo Economics in Charlotte, North Carolina. Spending on equipment is expected to pick up after a 1.9 percent annualized growth pace in the fourth quarter. Still, that will likely be insufficient to offset the drag on GDP from slower consumer spending and a wider trade deficit. The Atlanta Fed is forecasting the economy growing at a 1.0 percent rate in the first quarter after expanding at a 1.9 percent pace in the final three months of 2016. Last month, a 4.3 percent jump in demand for transportation equipment offset the dip in core capital goods bookings, and hoisted overall orders for durable goods, items ranging from toasters to aircraft that are meant to last three years or more, 1.7 percent. Durable goods orders rose 2.3 percent in January. Civilian aircraft orders soared 47.6 percent in February, driven by an increase in plane orders at Boeing. Orders for motor vehicles and parts fell 0.8 percent in February, while orders for defense aircraft declined 12.8 percent. There were increases in orders for primary metals, but orders for fabricated metal products fell as did those for computers and electronic products. Unfilled orders for core capital goods increased 0.2 percent last month after rising 0.5 percent in January. Inventories of overall durable goods rose 0.2 percent last month. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Sci/Tech New algorithm can tell when you'll get bored of mobile game Sci/Tech Xiaomi Mi 6 and Xiaomi Mi 6 Plus specifications, prices surface online Sci/Tech Most massive brown dwarf discovered 750 light years away Sci/Tech Reliance Jio Prime to get one month's extension till April 30? Sci/Tech How eye movements may tell if someone is lying Sci/Tech How a 17-year-old corrected data recorded by NASA on the International Space Station Live Cricket Score Live NZ 67/0 (25.3) NZ trail by 247 runs SA 314/10 (89.2) Full Scorecard | Commentary Live IND 248/6 (91) IND trail by 52 runs AUS 300/10 (88.3) Full Scorecard | Commentary West Indies vs Pakistan Sun, 26 March 2017, 10:00 PM IST Related WikiLeaks will provide tech companies access to CIA hacking tools: Assange This company wants to mine the Moon for 'precious resources' Obama thanks NASA for taking his sign to Mars Video WATCH | Earth Hour 2017: Cities around the world plunge into darkness to bring light to climate change WATCH | Lights Out! 10 years of Earth Hour Watch: Classical Indian Odissi dancers groove to Ed Sheeran's Shape of You! View all Tags Barack Obama Donald Trump New York Boeing CHARLOTTE Congress Markit Mizuho Securities North Carolina Reuters White House U. S. House Affordable Care Act Atlanta Fed Commerce Department Federal Reserve Steven Ricchiuto Wall Street SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Trump ally Stone offers to testify in Russian meddling probe AAP leader writes to Home Minister over threats in courtroom Normal life in Manipur paralysed in strike against MLA Govt to take up case of 'abandoned' German patient in Kolkata Students asked to submit written apology for celebrating Holi at Pakistan's Sindh University Sport Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Lyon's extra bounce was the big difference: Chappell Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Entertainment Someone tried to be over smart with Karan Johar. KJo's response is BADASS and we love it! Baahubali 2 breaks barriers again, becomes first Indian movie to have a live Virtual Reality event! Kapil Sharma vs Sunil Grover: Here's what Bharti Singh has to say about the whole fiasco Legal trouble for Kamal Haasan post his remark on Mahabharata First look of Sushant Singh Rajput's 'Romeo Akbar Walter' out Money No idea of introudcing new denomination notes at present: RBI Coal India announces 2nd interim dividend for 2016-17 Rly to have integrated software for instant data collection Can suspend auto exchange if confidentiality breached: Swiss ESIC today launched Mobile Clinic Services in AP, Telangana Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
POLITICO Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Trump Presidency Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure PRO Already a Pro? Why Go Pro? Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video POLITICO Podcasts Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 The First 100 Days: Trade Connect With Us Tax reform next? Maybe not. Inside the GOP’s Health Care Debacle Trump gets tamed by Washington Napolitano told friends he was on Trump's Supreme Court shortlist Ryan wounded by health care fiasco Why Jim Harbaugh Took a Shot at Trump’s Budget Politico POLITICO Influence Intelligence and analysis on lobbying Get the POLITICO Influence Newsletter Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print Dealing with the administration’s empty desks By Theodoric Meyer 03/24/17 02:20 PM EDT With David Beavers, Aubree Eliza Weaver and Daniel Lippman HOW TO SUCCEED IN BUSINESS WITHOUT ANYONE IN THE ADMINISTRATION: Delve, the Washington intelligence firm, is out with a new report outlining why there are still so many unfilled positions in the Trump administration and how it’s likely to affect policy. What’s a lobbyist to do? Delve recommends focusing on the staffers who are in place: “How does one influence an empty administration? The key to navigating this challenging political climate will be knowing who the small number of people in government are and gaining a comprehensive understanding of their background and how it informs their thinking when it comes to the position they hold.” Here’s the full report. Story Continued Below — The report’s conclusions echo what lobbyists have been griping about for months. “I had a client go to the Treasury Department today and they said it was like a ghost town over there,” one Democratic lobbyist wrote in an email to PI earlier this month. “No one is in place anywhere which is stunning!” And while engaging with the staffers who are in place is a no-brainer, they don’t necessarily have the power to take action. “There are not permanent people there,” another K Street type told me, referring broadly to federal agencies. “The temporary people who are there, or the career people … are not empowered to make policy of choices of any kind.” JOHNSON REJOINS BRYAN CAVE: Broderick Johnson, a former Obama administration official, is rejoining Bryan Cave. He previously worked for Bryan Cave from 2007 to 2011 before leaving to start the Collins Johnson Group (now known as theGROUP). Johnson worked on former President Barack Obama’s 2012 campaign and later served in the White House as cabinet secretary and assistant to the president. His lobbying clients during his earlier stint at Bryan Cave included Comcast, FedEx, Microsoft, Pearson Education and TransCanada, the firm behind the Keystone XL pipeline. He hopes to work for some of his former clients again. “I look forward to talking to those former clients again, and I’m pretty confident that they were very satisfied with the work that I did,” Johnson said. SPEAKING OF KEYSTONE: “Declaring a new era of American energy,’ the Trump administration approved construction of the Keystone XL pipeline Friday in a sharp reversal of one of Barack Obama's most controversial environmental decisions,” POLITICO’s Ben Lefebvre reports. Among the lobbyists for TransCanada, the firm behind the pipeline: CGCN Group’s Jay Cranford, who registered to lobby for TransCanada in January, and TransCanada’s in-house lobbyist, Alex Oehler. Good afternoon, and welcome to PI. Got a tip? Switching jobs? Overhear some gossip at Ocean Prime last night? Get in touch: tmeyer@politico.com. You can also follow me on Twitter: @theodoricmeyer. CALLOUT: Thanks to everyone who’s emailed me tips about influencers who aren’t registered to lobby. I’m following up on your tips. If you haven’t gotten in touch yet, there’s still time: tmeyer@politico.com. ROSS HOLDS STAKE IN CHINESE-LINKED SHIPPING FIRM: “When private equity billionaire Wilbur Ross Jr. signed on to be President Donald Trump’s commerce secretary, he agreed to divest millions of dollars in assets,” the Center for Public Integrity’s Carrie Levine and Chris Zubak-Skees report. “But one asset Ross plans to keep is his stake in Diamond S Shipping Group Inc., one of the world’s largest owners and operators of medium-range tanker vessels, which crisscross the globe as crucial cogs in the transoceanic shipping trade. … A Center for Public Integrity examination of Diamond S Shipping’s operations found its vessels sail under Chinese flags, even as Ross is being tapped to take an unusually muscular role shaping U.S. trade policy under President Trump’s "America First" mantra. The company has ties to a major Chinese investment fund, and one of its ships has traveled to an Iranian port.” Full story. RNC PAID INTEL FIRM FOR CLINTON DIRT: “As the general election was taking shape last summer, the Republican National Committee initiated a series of payments to a low-profile firm started by retired Central Intelligence Agency officers that worked closely with an ex-Russian spy,” POLITICO’s Kenneth P. Vogel and Eli Stokols report. “The payments attracted attention in political and intelligence circles, largely because the Virginia-based firm, Hamilton Trading Group, had particular expertise in Russia, which was emerging as a major campaign issue at the time. … RNC officials now acknowledge that most of the cash — $34,100 — went towards intelligence-style reports that sought to prove conflicts of interest between Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton’s tenure as Secretary of State and her family’s foundation.” Full story. SOME CONSTRUCTION FIRMS WARY OF TRUMP’S WALL: “Hundreds of companies have been eyeing work on President Donald Trump’s 30-foot border wall with Mexico. Some, however, won’t touch it with a 10-foot pole,” Bloomberg News’ Thomas Black reports. “Mexican cement giant Cemex SAB won’t participate, though it is well positioned to profit with plants on both sides of the border. Neither will Vinci SA, a big French engineering company, after Chief Executive Officer Xavier Huillard cited the ‘sensitivities’ of employees. Emmanuel Macron, front-runner for the French presidency, has warned LafargeHolcim Ltd., the world’s largest cement maker, to steer clear.” Full story. ** A Message from WeWork: The way we work is changing. Launching in DC on March 28, the Creator Awards will give $20 million to “recognize and reward creators" ranging from entrepreneurs, civic innovators, artists, said to non-profits throughout 2017. To apply or attend visit we.co/cadc and visit we.co/dclocations to get a tour of one of the 8 WeWork DC offices. ** JUSTICE DEPARTMENT INVESTIGATING HUNTER: “Rep. Duncan Hunter is under criminal investigation by the Justice Department over alleged campaign finance violations, the House Ethics Committee announced Thursday,” POLITICO’s John Bresnahan reports. “The California Republican spent tens of thousands of dollars' worth of campaign funds on items that appear to be personal in nature during 2015 and 2016, according to records from Hunter's campaign — a potential violation of House rules and federal law. The funds were spent on groceries and outdoor equipment, a dentist, a nail salon and a utility company, as well as on a hotel in Italy and at the Arizona Grand Resort.” — “Although Hunter later repaid nearly $60,000 to his campaign following news reports detailing the questionable spending, the Office of Congressional Ethics began a probe into the case. … But the Justice Department has now asked the Ethics Committee to hold off on any action against Hunter because of its own criminal probe into the lawmaker, according to a statement from Reps. Susan Brooks (R-Ind.) and Ted Deutch (D-Fla.), the chairwoman and ranking member of the panel.” Full story. JOB MOVES: — FP1 Strategies is adding Jim Landry as a senior vice president for research and communications. — Robert Hoopes, the president of VOX Global and general manager for Fleishman Hillard, has been tapped as the next chairman of the board for George Washington University’s Graduate School of Political Management. He’ll replace Rex Wackerle, Prudential’s vice president of government affairs. — Taniel Koushakjian, a former lobbyist for the Armenian Assembly of America, has started his own firm, BreakThru Strategies, based in South Florida. He’ll do campaign consulting and communications. — “Aryana Khalid, a longtime ally of AHIP chief executive Marilyn Tavenner, is leaving the health insurance trade group,” POLITICO’s Paul Demko reports. “Khalid served as chief of staff during Tavenner's tenure as CMS administrator, and she joined AHIP shortly after Tavenner was appointed the industry group's CEO in July 2015. She currently serves as an executive vice president overseeing finance, human resources and membership. Her last day is expected to be April 7. Khalid is joining the lobbying and public relations firm Glover Park Group in an unknown role.” — “Vanita Gupta, who headed the DOJ's Civil Rights Division in the Obama administration, was named president and chief executive today of the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights,” POLITICO’s Kimberly Hefling reports. “She takes over on June 1 — replacing Wade Henderson, who is retiring after more than 20 years.” SPOTTED: At the Hawk ‘n’ Dove in a gathering convened by the Senate Press Secretaries Association and FamousDC, according to a PI tipster: Julia Krieger of Sen. Heidi Heitkamp’s office; Ryan Taylor of Sen. Roger Wicker’s office; Megan Whittemore of Sen. David Perdue’s office; Adam Webb of Sen. Thom Tillis’ office; Ben Marter of Senate Minority Whip Dick Durbin’s office; Stephanie Genco, Amos Snead, Noelle Clemente and Alyson Chwatek of S-3 Public Affairs; and Kathryn Lyons of FamousDC. Also spotted at another event at the bar: Neil Gorsuch, in jeans. — At a Government Affairs Industry Network panel on Wednesday at Levick featuring Ashley Julyan and George Gollery of Leidos and Kenny Ames and Nick Consler of Fireside21, according to a PI tipster: Tim Teehan of L2; Andrew Fullerton of the National Kidney Foundation; Rachel Feinstein of the Hearth, Patio & Barbecue Association; Conor Marshall of the American Bird Conservancy; Brenda Bowen of the Financial Services Roundtable; and Dan Rene, Andrew Ricci and Madison Case of Levick. NEW PACs: 35th, Inc.: Super PAC, Unauthorized Caithness Services PAC: Non-Qualified Non-Party, Unauthorized Full Repeal PAC: Unknown I Am 4 It Committee: Non-Qualified Non-Party, Unauthorized Party Of Lincoln PAC: Non-Qualified Non-Party, Leadership PAC NEW LOBBYING REGISTRATIONS: American Continental Group: Alliance for Senior Health Care Financing American Continental Group: CBI Acquisitions, LLC American Continental Group: Pacific Gas and Electric Company American Continental Group: SAP America, Inc. American Continental Group: Virtu Financial, LLC American Federal Lobbying Firm: Jean Philippe Arthur American Federal Lobbying Firm: Luckner Arthur American Federal Lobbying Firm: Naphterline Jean Mary Barnes & Thornburg, LLP: Lower Sioux Indian Community in the State of Minnesota Barnes & Thornburg, LLP: Transcontinental Realty Investors, Inc. Borski Associates: Temple University Brownstein Hyatt Farber Schreck, LLP: New Federalism Fund Brownstein Hyatt Farber Schreck, LLP: Telecommunications Industry Association Buchanan Ingersoll & Rooney PC: The RiteScreen Company, LLC Capitol Counsel, LLC: Florida Caribbean Distillers Clark Hill, PLC: Morgan State University Foundation CSA Strategies LLC: Rush Street Gaming Downs Government Affairs: College of William and Mary Downs Government Affairs: Old Dominion University Kountoupes Denham LLC: TEVA Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc. Kountoupes Denham LLC: Volvo Car Corporation Lamont Consulting Services, LLC: The Boeing Company McGuireWoods Consulting (A Subsidiary of McGuireWoods LLP): Inovio Pharmaceuticals Mehlman Capitol Strategies, LLC: ViaSat, Inc. Split Rock Strategies: Electronic Payments Coalition Squire Patton Boggs: Alvogen, Inc. NEW LOBBYING TERMINATIONS: None ** A Message from WeWork: "Create Your Life's Work" isn't just a tagline to WeWork, it's a way of life. Whether you're an entrepreneur or civic innovator, an international lawyer or a nonprofit leader, you're a creator, and WeWork wants to support you. The Creator Awards are a new initiative to recognize and grant over $20 million to creators worldwide. Join WeWork for the WeWork Creator Awards March 28 at the Andrew Mellon Auditorium and support finalists as they pitch for grant money, attend expert led sessions in various Master Classes, shop for locally made products at the pop-up market, and find your dream job at the New Leads for Next Gen Leaders Career Fair. It will be the ultimate networking experience. To get involved visit we.co/cadc ** « View Archives Authors: Theodoric Meyer tmeyer@politico.com About The Author Theodoric Meyer covers lobbying for POLITICO and writes the POLITICO Influence newsletter. He previously covered the 2016 campaign for POLITICO and worked as a reporting fellow for ProPublica in New York. He was a lead reporter on ProPublica’s “After the Flood” series on the federal government’s troubled flood insurance program, which won the Deadline Club Award for Local Reporting. He’s a graduate of McGill University and Columbia University’s Graduate School of Journalism. Most Read Republicans wonder whether Trump's heart was in healthcare fight Top Trump TV surrogate to leave high-profile post Paul Ryan Failed Because His Bill Was a Dumpster Fire How a secret Freedom Caucus pact brought down Obamacare repeal Mar-a-Lago doesn’t hide its presidential seal Trump delivers surprise to California Need to reach Trump? Call Rhona. California governor: We won't 'bring stupid lawsuits' against border wall Priebus: Trump will seek Democratic support on health care Silicon Valley sends ambassador to Trump's coal country POLITICO Influence - POLITICO Archive Friday, 3/24/17 Thursday, 3/23/17 Wednesday, 3/22/17 Tuesday, 3/21/17 Monday, 3/20/17 View the Full POLITICO Influence Archives » Politico Magazine The Year Nixon Fell Apart By John A. Farrell No, the Travel Ban Isn’t Being Used as ISIS Propaganda By Simon Cottee The Ugly History Behind Trump’s Attacks on Civil Servants By Landon R. Y. Storrs Paul Ryan Failed Because His Bill Was a Dumpster Fire By Harold Pollack More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video Podcasts POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York POLITICO Live Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site US business spending picking up, but may slow in second quarter News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business US business spending picking up, but may slow in second quarter New orders for U.S.-made capital goods unexpectedly fell in February, but a surge in shipments amid demand for machinery and electrical equipment supported expectations for an acceleration in business investment in the first quarter. Posted 24 Mar 2017 20:45 Updated 25 Mar 2017 04:30 Durable goods are seen on sale in a store in Los Angeles, California, U.S., March 24, 2017. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson Durable goods are seen on sale in a store in Los Angeles, California, U.S., March 24, 2017. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson Durable goods are seen on sale in a store in Los Angeles, California, U.S., March 24, 2017. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson Durable goods are seen on sale in a store in Los Angeles, California, U.S., March 24, 2017. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson Durable goods are seen on sale in a store in Los Angeles, California, U.S., March 24, 2017. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson prev next prev next Thumbnail Enlarge Caption  Email More A A WASHINGTON: New orders for U.S.-made capital goods unexpectedly fell in February, but a surge in shipments amid demand for machinery and electrical equipment supported expectations for an acceleration in business investment in the first quarter. Manufacturing is recovering from a prolonged slump, driven by the energy sector, bucking a slowdown in the broader economy. The Federal Reserve last week described business investment as appearing to have "firmed somewhat." "The evidence is building that manufacturing activity is on something of an upswing and that capital spending on business equipment is poised to advance for the second consecutive quarter," said John Ryding, chief economist at RDQ Economics in New York. The Commerce Department said on Friday that non-defense capital goods orders excluding aircraft, a closely watched proxy for business spending plans, dipped 0.1 percent last month after rising 0.1 percent in January. That suggested a slowdown in business spending in the second quarter. Shipments of these so-called core capital goods jumped 1.0 percent after declining 0.3 percent in January. Core capital goods shipments are used to calculate equipment spending in the government's gross domestic product measurement. Last month's jump reflected increases in orders at the end of 2016. Economists polled by Reuters had forecast core capital goods orders rising 0.6 percent last month. Orders for machinery inched up 0.1 percent while shipments increased 0.9 percent. Orders for electrical equipment, appliances and components advanced 2.2 percent, the biggest increase in seven months, and shipments rose 1.5 percent. U.S. financial markets were little moved by the data amid drama surrounding efforts by Republicans to repeal Democratic President Barack Obama's 2010 Affordable Care Act and overhaul the healthcare system. Republican leaders in the U.S. House of Representatives called off a planned vote late on Friday because of a lack of support despite desperate lobbying by the White House and its allies in Congress, dealing a stiff setback to President Donald Trump. Stocks on Wall Street ended down, while the dollar was little changed. Prices for U.S. government bonds rose. "What the healthcare bill does is serve as the first litmus test of the Trump/Republicans' ability to deliver on important legislative initiatives," said Steven Ricchiuto, chief U.S. economist at Mizuho Securities in New York. "If they fail at this then the prospects for tax reform, infrastructure and defense spending will need to be rethought." MANUFACTURING RECOVERING A recovery in oil prices from multi-year lows is driving demand for equipment in the energy sector, helping to lift the manufacturing sector. Manufacturing, which accounts for about 12 percent of the U.S. economy is also being underpinned by a burst of confidence amid promises by the Trump administration to slash taxes for businesses, boost infrastructure spending and repeal some regulations. Details of the fiscal stimulus package, however, remain vague, resulting in a moderation in orders for equipment in the last couple of months. Economists say business spending could slow in the second quarter even as they expect an acceleration this quarter. A separate report on Friday from data firm Markit showed its U.S. manufacturing sector index fell in March to a five-month low. "Business optimism has been at cycle highs since the start of the year, but has yet to translate into commensurate strength in real activity," said Sarah House, an economist at Wells Fargo Economics in Charlotte, North Carolina. Spending on equipment is expected to pick up after a 1.9 percent annualized growth pace in the fourth quarter. Still, that will likely be insufficient to offset the drag on GDP from slower consumer spending and a wider trade deficit. The Atlanta Fed is forecasting the economy growing at a 1.0 percent rate in the first quarter after expanding at a 1.9 percent pace in the final three months of 2016. Last month, a 4.3 percent jump in demand for transportation equipment offset the dip in core capital goods bookings, and hoisted overall orders for durable goods, items ranging from toasters to aircraft that are meant to last three years or more, 1.7 percent. Durable goods orders rose 2.3 percent in January. Civilian aircraft orders soared 47.6 percent in February, driven by an increase in plane orders at Boeing. Orders for motor vehicles and parts fell 0.8 percent in February, while orders for defense aircraft declined 12.8 percent. There were increases in orders for primary metals, but orders for fabricated metal products fell as did those for computers and electronic products. Unfilled orders for core capital goods increased 0.2 percent last month after rising 0.5 percent in January. Inventories of overall durable goods rose 0.2 percent last month. (Reporting by Lucia Mutikani; Editing by Andrea Ricci) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Photos Videos Topics Live NZ 67/0 (25.3) - SA 314/10 (89.2) Live IND 248/6 (91) - AUS 300/10 (88.3) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Ravindra Gaikwad Yogi Adityanath Virat Kohli Donald Trump Narendra Modi Home Sci/Tech WRAPUP 2-U.S. business spending picking up, but may slow in Q2 Shares1 Fri, 24 Mar 2017-09:44pm , Reuters New orders for U.S.-made capital goods unexpectedly fell in February, but a surge in shipments amid demand for machinery and electrical equipment supported expectations for an acceleration in business investment in the first quarter. Manufacturing is recovering from a prolonged slump, driven by the energy sector, bucking a slowdown in the broader economy. The Federal Reserve last week described business investment as appearing to have "firmed somewhat." "The evidence is building that manufacturing activity is on something of an upswing and that capital spending on business equipment is poised to advance for the second consecutive quarter," said John Ryding, chief economist at RDQ Economics in New York. The Commerce Department said on Friday that non-defense capital goods orders excluding aircraft, a closely watched proxy for business spending plans, dipped 0.1 percent last month after rising 0.1 percent in January. That suggested a slowdown in business spending in the second quarter. Shipments of these so-called core capital goods jumped 1.0 percent after declining 0.3 percent in January. Core capital goods shipments are used to calculate equipment spending in the government's gross domestic product measurement. Last month's jump reflected increases in orders at the end of 2016. Economists polled by Reuters had forecast core capital goods orders rising 0.6 percent last month. Orders for machinery inched up 0.1 percent while shipments increased 0.9 percent. Orders for electrical equipment, appliances and components advanced 2.2 percent, the biggest increase in seven months, and shipments rose 1.5 percent. U.S. financial markets were mixed as investors awaited the outcome of a vote later on Friday on a Republican-sponsored bill to replace Democratic President Barack Obama's 2010 Affordable Care Act. The vote is seen as the first significant policy test for President Donald Trump. Stocks on Wall Street were trading higher, while the dollar was little changed. Prices for U.S. government bonds rose. "What the healthcare bill does is serve as the first litmus test of the Trump/Republicans' ability to deliver on important legislative initiatives," said Steven Ricchiuto, chief U.S. economist at Mizuho Securities in New York. "If they fail at this then the prospects for tax reform, infrastructure and defense spending will need to be rethought." MANUFACTURING RECOVERING A recovery in oil prices from multi-year lows is driving demand for equipment in the energy sector, helping to lift the manufacturing sector. Manufacturing, which accounts for about 12 percent of the U.S. economy is also being underpinned by a burst of confidence amid promises by the Trump administration to slash taxes for businesses, boost infrastructure spending and repeal some regulations. Details of the fiscal stimulus package, however, remain vague, resulting in a moderation in orders for equipment in the last couple of months. Economists say business spending could slow in the second quarter even as they expect an acceleration this quarter. A separate report on Friday from data firm Markit showed its U.S. manufacturing sector index fell in March to a five-month low. "Business optimism has been at cycle highs since the start of the year, but has yet to translate into commensurate strength in real activity," said Sarah House, an economist at Wells Fargo Economics in Charlotte, North Carolina. Spending on equipment is expected to pick up after a 1.9 percent annualized growth pace in the fourth quarter. Still, that will likely be insufficient to offset the drag on GDP from slower consumer spending and a wider trade deficit. The Atlanta Fed is forecasting the economy growing at a 1.0 percent rate in the first quarter after expanding at a 1.9 percent pace in the final three months of 2016. Last month, a 4.3 percent jump in demand for transportation equipment offset the dip in core capital goods bookings, and hoisted overall orders for durable goods, items ranging from toasters to aircraft that are meant to last three years or more, 1.7 percent. Durable goods orders rose 2.3 percent in January. Civilian aircraft orders soared 47.6 percent in February, driven by an increase in plane orders at Boeing. Orders for motor vehicles and parts fell 0.8 percent in February, while orders for defense aircraft declined 12.8 percent. There were increases in orders for primary metals, but orders for fabricated metal products fell as did those for computers and electronic products. Unfilled orders for core capital goods increased 0.2 percent last month after rising 0.5 percent in January. Inventories of overall durable goods rose 0.2 percent last month. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Sci/Tech New algorithm can tell when you'll get bored of mobile game Sci/Tech Xiaomi Mi 6 and Xiaomi Mi 6 Plus specifications, prices surface online Sci/Tech Most massive brown dwarf discovered 750 light years away Sci/Tech Reliance Jio Prime to get one month's extension till April 30? Sci/Tech How eye movements may tell if someone is lying Sci/Tech How a 17-year-old corrected data recorded by NASA on the International Space Station Live Cricket Score Live NZ 67/0 (25.3) NZ trail by 247 runs SA 314/10 (89.2) Full Scorecard | Commentary Live IND 248/6 (91) IND trail by 52 runs AUS 300/10 (88.3) Full Scorecard | Commentary West Indies vs Pakistan Sun, 26 March 2017, 10:00 PM IST Related WikiLeaks will provide tech companies access to CIA hacking tools: Assange This company wants to mine the Moon for 'precious resources' Obama thanks NASA for taking his sign to Mars Video WATCH | Earth Hour 2017: Cities around the world plunge into darkness to bring light to climate change WATCH | Lights Out! 10 years of Earth Hour Watch: Classical Indian Odissi dancers groove to Ed Sheeran's Shape of You! View all Tags Barack Obama Donald Trump New York Boeing CHARLOTTE Markit Mizuho Securities North Carolina Reuters U. S. Affordable Care Act Atlanta Fed Commerce Department Democratic Federal Reserve Steven Ricchiuto Wall Street SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Trump ally Stone offers to testify in Russian meddling probe AAP leader writes to Home Minister over threats in courtroom Normal life in Manipur paralysed in strike against MLA Govt to take up case of 'abandoned' German patient in Kolkata Students asked to submit written apology for celebrating Holi at Pakistan's Sindh University Sport Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Lyon's extra bounce was the big difference: Chappell Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Entertainment Someone tried to be over smart with Karan Johar. KJo's response is BADASS and we love it! Baahubali 2 breaks barriers again, becomes first Indian movie to have a live Virtual Reality event! Kapil Sharma vs Sunil Grover: Here's what Bharti Singh has to say about the whole fiasco Legal trouble for Kamal Haasan post his remark on Mahabharata First look of Sushant Singh Rajput's 'Romeo Akbar Walter' out Money No idea of introudcing new denomination notes at present: RBI Coal India announces 2nd interim dividend for 2016-17 Rly to have integrated software for instant data collection Can suspend auto exchange if confidentiality breached: Swiss ESIC today launched Mobile Clinic Services in AP, Telangana Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site US business spending picking up, but may slow in second quarter News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business US business spending picking up, but may slow in second quarter New orders for U.S.-made capital goods unexpectedly fell in February, but a surge in shipments amid demand for machinery and electrical equipment supported expectations for an acceleration in business investment in the first quarter. Posted 24 Mar 2017 20:45 Updated 25 Mar 2017 04:30 Durable goods are seen on sale in a store in Los Angeles, California, U.S., March 24, 2017. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson Durable goods are seen on sale in a store in Los Angeles, California, U.S., March 24, 2017. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson Durable goods are seen on sale in a store in Los Angeles, California, U.S., March 24, 2017. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson Durable goods are seen on sale in a store in Los Angeles, California, U.S., March 24, 2017. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson Durable goods are seen on sale in a store in Los Angeles, California, U.S., March 24, 2017. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson prev next prev next Thumbnail Enlarge Caption  Email More A A WASHINGTON: New orders for U.S.-made capital goods unexpectedly fell in February, but a surge in shipments amid demand for machinery and electrical equipment supported expectations for an acceleration in business investment in the first quarter. Manufacturing is recovering from a prolonged slump, driven by the energy sector, bucking a slowdown in the broader economy. The Federal Reserve last week described business investment as appearing to have "firmed somewhat." "The evidence is building that manufacturing activity is on something of an upswing and that capital spending on business equipment is poised to advance for the second consecutive quarter," said John Ryding, chief economist at RDQ Economics in New York. The Commerce Department said on Friday that non-defense capital goods orders excluding aircraft, a closely watched proxy for business spending plans, dipped 0.1 percent last month after rising 0.1 percent in January. That suggested a slowdown in business spending in the second quarter. Shipments of these so-called core capital goods jumped 1.0 percent after declining 0.3 percent in January. Core capital goods shipments are used to calculate equipment spending in the government's gross domestic product measurement. Last month's jump reflected increases in orders at the end of 2016. Economists polled by Reuters had forecast core capital goods orders rising 0.6 percent last month. Orders for machinery inched up 0.1 percent while shipments increased 0.9 percent. Orders for electrical equipment, appliances and components advanced 2.2 percent, the biggest increase in seven months, and shipments rose 1.5 percent. U.S. financial markets were little moved by the data amid drama surrounding efforts by Republicans to repeal Democratic President Barack Obama's 2010 Affordable Care Act and overhaul the healthcare system. Republican leaders in the U.S. House of Representatives called off a planned vote late on Friday because of a lack of support despite desperate lobbying by the White House and its allies in Congress, dealing a stiff setback to President Donald Trump. Stocks on Wall Street ended down, while the dollar was little changed. Prices for U.S. government bonds rose. "What the healthcare bill does is serve as the first litmus test of the Trump/Republicans' ability to deliver on important legislative initiatives," said Steven Ricchiuto, chief U.S. economist at Mizuho Securities in New York. "If they fail at this then the prospects for tax reform, infrastructure and defense spending will need to be rethought." MANUFACTURING RECOVERING A recovery in oil prices from multi-year lows is driving demand for equipment in the energy sector, helping to lift the manufacturing sector. Manufacturing, which accounts for about 12 percent of the U.S. economy is also being underpinned by a burst of confidence amid promises by the Trump administration to slash taxes for businesses, boost infrastructure spending and repeal some regulations. Details of the fiscal stimulus package, however, remain vague, resulting in a moderation in orders for equipment in the last couple of months. Economists say business spending could slow in the second quarter even as they expect an acceleration this quarter. A separate report on Friday from data firm Markit showed its U.S. manufacturing sector index fell in March to a five-month low. "Business optimism has been at cycle highs since the start of the year, but has yet to translate into commensurate strength in real activity," said Sarah House, an economist at Wells Fargo Economics in Charlotte, North Carolina. Spending on equipment is expected to pick up after a 1.9 percent annualized growth pace in the fourth quarter. Still, that will likely be insufficient to offset the drag on GDP from slower consumer spending and a wider trade deficit. The Atlanta Fed is forecasting the economy growing at a 1.0 percent rate in the first quarter after expanding at a 1.9 percent pace in the final three months of 2016. Last month, a 4.3 percent jump in demand for transportation equipment offset the dip in core capital goods bookings, and hoisted overall orders for durable goods, items ranging from toasters to aircraft that are meant to last three years or more, 1.7 percent. Durable goods orders rose 2.3 percent in January. Civilian aircraft orders soared 47.6 percent in February, driven by an increase in plane orders at Boeing. Orders for motor vehicles and parts fell 0.8 percent in February, while orders for defense aircraft declined 12.8 percent. There were increases in orders for primary metals, but orders for fabricated metal products fell as did those for computers and electronic products. Unfilled orders for core capital goods increased 0.2 percent last month after rising 0.5 percent in January. Inventories of overall durable goods rose 0.2 percent last month. (Reporting by Lucia Mutikani; Editing by Andrea Ricci) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
OUTLOOK 2017: How e-commerce, arts & entertainment, and health care are transforming the Lehigh Valley economy ALERTPolice Police arrest suspect in fatal Allentown shootout News Nation/World Astronauts prep space station for commercial rockets; NASA broadcasts video live Caption Former Soviet spy and FBI agent who caught him speak in Allentown Former Russian spy Jack Barsky charms an audience of about 150 people at the Lehigh Valley Heritage Museum in Allentown Saturday, March 25, 2017. He was joined by former FBI Agent Joe Reilly who captured Barsky. Former Russian spy Jack Barsky charms an audience of about 150 people at the Lehigh Valley Heritage Museum in Allentown Saturday, March 25, 2017. He was joined by former FBI Agent Joe Reilly who captured Barsky. Caption Former Soviet spy and FBI agent who caught him speak in Allentown Former Russian spy Jack Barsky charms an audience of about 150 people at the Lehigh Valley Heritage Museum in Allentown Saturday, March 25, 2017. He was joined by former FBI Agent Joe Reilly who captured Barsky. Former Russian spy Jack Barsky charms an audience of about 150 people at the Lehigh Valley Heritage Museum in Allentown Saturday, March 25, 2017. He was joined by former FBI Agent Joe Reilly who captured Barsky. Caption House fire at 621 N. 9th Street in Allentown Smoke filled the streets during at house fire at 621 N. 9th Street in Allentown Smoke filled the streets during at house fire at 621 N. 9th Street in Allentown Caption Financial troubles, enrollment decline threaten Mansfield University Mansfield University's deeply rural location has caused enrollment drops and financial problems, and those two factors put it on short list for possible merger or closure. Mansfield University's deeply rural location has caused enrollment drops and financial problems, and those two factors put it on short list for possible merger or closure. Caption Garth Brooks in concert in Philadelphia Garth Brooks plays Philadelphia's Wells Fargo Center Friday, March 24, 2017. Garth Brooks plays Philadelphia's Wells Fargo Center Friday, March 24, 2017. Caption Allentown Shootout Leaves Easton Man Dead An early Saturday morning shooting in Allentown killed an Easton man and wounded two others. An early Saturday morning shooting in Allentown killed an Easton man and wounded two others. Matt CoughlinContact ReporterOf The Morning Call Astronauts prep space station for commercial rockets; NASA broadcasts video live INTERNATIONAL SPACE STATION, Space — Astronauts from the United States and France will make a six-and-a-half hour space walk today to disconnect cables and electrical connections to prepare for the installation of a new docking station which will allow commercial space flight crews to connect with the International Space Station. Shane Kimbrough of NASA and Thomas Pesquet of the European Space Agency can be seen performing the work outside the space station on the NASA web site. Astronauts will be conducting three space walks in the coming weeks as they prepare the station to dock with commercial space vehicles such as those created by Boeing or the SpaceX program run by Tesla creator Elon Musk. The earliest commercial space flights could begin in 2018. Copyright © 2017, The Morning Call NASA European Space Agency Breaking Popular Obits Top Workplaces Biz Cycle Sports Video/Photos Classifieds 41°
Home Market SpiceJet retains lead over Jet Airways as second most valued aviation company SpiceJet retains lead over Jet Airways as second most valued aviation company Budget airline SpiceJet, which has surpassed Jet Airways to become the county's second most valued aviation company, continued to retain the position today. By: PTI | New Delhi | Published: March 24, 2017 4:06 PM With a market capitalisation (m-cap) of Rs 5,709.76 crore, SpiceJet, which was on the verge of going belly-up two years ago, for the second day stayed ahead of Jet that had valuation of Rs 5,606.03 crore in the afternoon trade on BSE. (Reuters) Budget airline SpiceJet, which has surpassed Jet Airways to become the county’s second most valued aviation company, continued to retain the position today. With a market capitalisation (m-cap) of Rs 5,709.76 crore, SpiceJet, which was on the verge of going belly-up two years ago, for the second day stayed ahead of Jet that had valuation of Rs 5,606.03 crore in the afternoon trade on BSE. Shares of SpiceJet were trading 2.03 per cent higher, while those of Jet were up 2.53 per cent. SpiceJet’s m-cap yesterday move up to Rs 5,598 crore, which was Rs 134 crore more than Jet’s Rs 5,464 crore valuation. InterGlobe Aviation, which operates Indigo, is the country’s most valued aviation company with a wide margin at a market cap of Rs 36,652.89 crore. Watch this also: SpiceJet’s share price has risen over 63 per cent so far this year, while that of Jet was up 38.47 per cent. SpiceJet had reported 24 per cent fall in net profit to Rs 181.1 crore in three months ended December 2016. It operates 343 daily flights to 45 destinations – 39 domestic and six international – using a fleet of 32 Boeing 737NGs and 17 Bombardier Q-400s. Jet Airways had reported a nearly 70 per cent plunge in net profit at Rs 142.38 crore in the three months ended December 2016. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now IPL 2017: Delhi Daredevils complete squad, key players and list of matches G-20 panel meeting in Varanasi to discuss inclusive growth Teenager gangraped on Facebook Live relocated to safe place TV screening of 'The Danish Girl' cancelled in India Awareness about digital transactions must for cashless economy Narendra Modi government constantly undermining Parliament, says CPI (M)'s Sitaram Yechury Return to mainstream: Bangladesh PM Sheikh Hasina to militants on Independence Day Indians regard nature as mother: Rajnath Singh Sabotage ruled out in Ordnance Factory, Khamaria explosions and fire Jail violence in Punjab: Inmates rewarded for saving lives of staffers Will implement Gujarat model of dairy development: UP minister for Dairy Development Laxmi Narayan Chaudhary Assembly Election Results 2017 Uttar pradesh Assembly Elections 2017 Punjab Assembly Elections 2017 Goa Assembly Elections 2017 Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2017 Manipur Assembly elections 2017  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Hindi News योगी आदित्‍य नाथ ने बीजेपी नेताओं से कहा- किसी तरह के ठेके ना लें, मौज मस्‍ती के लिए समय नहीं केरल के मंत्री का कथित अश्लील क्लिप आया सामने, महिला से कामुक लहजे में बात करने पर गंवानी पड़ी कुर्सी नोटबंदी में फंसे अनाथ बच्‍चों के 96,500 रुपये, पीएम को खत लिख कहा- प्‍लीज एफडी करवा दीजिए Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
close This ad will auto close in 10 seconds हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা தமிழ் हिन्दी हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা தமிழ் Live TV Live TV Toggle navigation INDIA City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Business Economy Markets Personal Finance Companies International Business Real Estate Market Stats Bullion Automobile SPORTS Football Tennis Badminton Other sports Cricket TECHNOLOGY Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Entertainment Bollywood Television Music Regional Movie Reviews Hollywood LIFESTYLE People Relationships Travel Food & Recipes Fashion Culture Horoscope Spirituality HEALTH Blogs Photo VIDEO News » Business » Companies ﻿ SpiceJet retains lead over Jet as 2nd most valued aviation company PTI | Last Updated: Friday, March 24, 2017 - 15:16 0 Shares Facebook Twitter Whatsapp  Comment Follow @ZeeNews New Delhi: Budget airline SpiceJet, which has surpassed Jet Airways to become the county's second most valued aviation company, continued to retain the position on Friday. With a market capitalisation (m-cap) of Rs 5,709.76 crore, SpiceJet, which was on the verge of going belly-up two years ago, for the second day stayed ahead of Jet that had valuation of Rs 5,606.03 crore in the afternoon trade on BSE. Shares of SpiceJet were trading 2.03 per cent higher, while those of Jet were up 2.53 per cent. SpiceJet's m-cap yesterday move up to Rs 5,598 crore, which was Rs 134 crore more than Jet's Rs 5,464 crore valuation. InterGlobe Aviation, which operates Indigo, is the country's most valued aviation company with a wide margin at a market cap of Rs 36,652.89 crore. SpiceJet's share price has risen over 63 per cent so far this year, while that of Jet was up 38.47 per cent. SpiceJet had reported 24 per cent fall in net profit to Rs 181.1 crore in three months ended December 2016. It operates 343 daily flights to 45 destinations - 39 domestic and six international - using a fleet of 32 Boeing 737NGs and 17 Bombardier Q-400s. Jet Airways had reported a nearly 70 per cent plunge in net profit at Rs 142.38 crore in the three months ended December 2016. First Published: Friday, March 24, 2017 - 15:16 Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus MOST READ TOP NEWS MOST VIEWED Agency banks, RBI offices to remain open on all days till April 1 Sebi imposes 1-year ban on RIL, 12 others in equity derivatives trading General insurance premium set to go up from April 1 China win for Apple as court overturns iPhone ruling Bajaj, Kawasaki end alliance in India Coal scam: SC rejects former CBI chief Ranjit Sinha's plea to recall its order Gold rebounds Rs 350 to Rs 29,350 per 10 grams Govt sends out notices in 140 cases under benami law No move to extend flexi-fare policy to mail, express trains Related News Women's Day: Special offers for female flyers on Spicejet   Collision averted between two planes at Ahmedabad airport TAGS SpiceJet Jet Airways SpiceJet valued aviation company SpiceJet m-cap most valued aviation company Gallery World's Top 10 Oil Producing Countries Union Budget 2017 World Economic Forum Davos 2017 TOP VIDEOS EPFO may release its notification for housing scheme Government issues subsidy guidelines for PM Awas Yojana (MIG) Analysing the impact of Idea-Vodafone merger on telecom sector contact Privacy Policy Legal Disclaimer complaint Our Team investor info Careers WHERE TO WATCH Partner Site: DAILY NEWS AND ANALYSIS news India States World Technology Science & Environment Health Photo entertainment Bollywood television Music Regional Movie Reviews Hollywood lifestyle People Relationships Travel Food & Recipes Fashion Culture Horoscope Spirituality sports Cricket Badminton Football Tennis Other Sports business Automobile Economy Markets Personal Finance Market Stats Companies Real Estate Bullion International Business India City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Technology Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Hindi Home देश प्रदेश दुनिया खेल-खिलाड़ी कारोबार ज्ञान-विज्ञान मनोरंजन ज़ी स्पेशल सेहत तस्वीरें वीडियो भविष्यफल Marathi Home मुंबई महाराष्ट्र भारत विश्व स्पोर्ट्स बार कल्लाबाजी हेल्थ मंत्रा ब्लॉगर्स पार्क युथ क्लब Exclusive फोटो व्हिडिओ भविष्य Bengali Home Kolkata State Nation World Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Health Photos Videos Slideshows Weather Inverstors Home About ZMCL Listing Document Shareholding Pattern Presentations & Releases Board of Directors Financials-Annual Financials-Quarterly Q&A Transcripts Code of Conduct Notices © 1998-2017 Zee Media Corporation Ltd (An Essel Group Company), All rights reserved.
DailyNews Live Home News Business Sport Entertainment Opinion & Analysis World Africa Features Letters to the Editor Classifieds Yellow Pages Ethiopian Airlines to launch Vic Falls flight BUSINESS WRITER  •  24 March 2017 12:06PM  •  1 comment Share this article: HARARE - Ethiopean Airlines will launch its maiden Victoria Falls flight this Sunday. The airline’s group chief executive, Tewolde GebreMariam said the four weekly flights into the resort town were part of the carrier’s expansion plans linking the world to one of the world’s seven natural wonders. The Addis Ababa — Victoria Falls — Gaborone — Addis Ababa route will be serviced by a B737-800. “It is a continuation of our efforts to achieve the goal of connecting Africa to the world, by adding multiple points in Africa and serving air connectivity needs of the continent. “Tourists, travellers and vacationers from major cities in the Americas, Europe, Asia and Africa will enjoy hassle-free connections to Victoria Falls via our strategic hub at Addis Ababa,” GebreMariam said in a statement. The airline’s area manager for Spain and Portugal, Alemu Bekele, recently promised a Victoria Falls-Madrid route, making the carrier the first international airline to offer a direct flight into the newly-refurbished Victoria Falls International Airport. Presently, Ethiopian Airlines has flights from the Zimbabwean capital, Harare to Addis Ababa with connections to various international destinations. Ethiopian Airlines’ maiden Victoria Falls maiden flight comes after various other carriers have already expressed interest of flying into the resort town, including South African Airlines which recently launched a Victoria Falls route. Beginning of month, South African-owned, SA Airlink (Airlink), also announced it was set to start offering a daily flight from Cape Town to Victoria Falls in July. In addition, Kenya Airways will link Nairobi, Victoria Falls and Cape Town from May. Kenya Airways will also start direct flights three times a week between Nairobi and Victoria Falls, with an onward link to Cape Town on the airline’s existing services. The flight will operate on Mondays, Thursdays and Saturdays, with an Embraer E190 configured with 12 seats in business class and 84 in economy. Similarly, Africa’s largest airline, Ethiopian Airlines, will also begin four flights a week from Addis Ababa to Victoria  Falls, end of March, using the Boeing 737-800. The flight route will be Addis Ababa-Vic Falls-Gaborone. New kid on the block, Rainbow Airlines Zimbabwe will also link Harare with Victoria Falls and Johannesburg. These developments into Victoria Falls International Airport follow low-cost airline, Fastjet’s, suspension of the Victoria Falls-Johannesburg route. Ethiopian-Airlines Victoria-Falls Aviation Related Articles 'Air Zim struggling to pay Iata debt' HARARE - Hard-pressed national airline, Air Zimbabwe (Air Zim), is struggling to pay $3,5 million it owes the International Air Transport Association (Iata), Parliament's tran... Rainbow Airlines finally takes to the skies HARARE - A new commercial airline, Rainbow Airlines (Rainbow), this week made its inaugural flights on the Harare-Johannesburg and Harare-Victoria Falls routes, offering compe... Will Air Zim ever be a viable airline? HARARE - Recently and over a period of time, questions have come up about whether Air Zimbabwe is ever going to make it as a viable airline or not. Not so long ago, the air... Fastjet launches new routes HARARE - Zimbabwe's low-cost airline, Fastjet, has been granted permission to operate new flights on Harare-Victoria Falls and Harare-Johannesburg routes. Industry experts ... AirZim in partnership deal HARARE - Government has approved plans for national carrier Air Zimbabwe (AirZim) to engage a strategic partner as part of its turnaround strategy. Shingai Dhliwayo, AirZim... Comments (1) thank you for this info i find this site also for cheap flights to cape town http://capetowncheapflights.info cheap flights to cape town - 24 March 2017 Post a comment Readers are kindly requested to refrain from using abusive, vulgar, racist, tribalistic, sexist, discriminatory and hurtful language when posting their comments on the Daily News website. Those who transgress this civilised etiquette will be barred from contributing to our online discussions. - Editor Name: Required Email: Required Invalid Your email address will not be shared. Message: 
 Required Too long Verify: Enter the three characters from the image on the right. This helps prevent automated 'bots' from submitting spam to the site. This field is NOT case-sensitive. If the characters are a bit hard to see, try refreshing the code by clicking the image. Popular this week 1. Tsvangirai owes me, says Mujuru 17,622 2. I will run for president: Mzembi 16,206 3. Big week for troubled Zim 14,544 4. 'Mugabe will go the Pasuwa way' 14,183 5. Crisis as police bans big demo 13,466 In pictures Nera demo — 10 images Zanu PF Women's League protest — 4 images Grace Mugabe's rally in Buhera — 7 images Borrowdale floods — 6 images Floods ravage Harare — 4 images Popular this week 1. Tsvangirai owes me, says Mujuru 17,622 2. I will run for president: Mzembi 16,206 3. Big week for troubled Zim 14,544 4. 'Mugabe will go the Pasuwa way' 14,183 5. Crisis as police bans big demo 13,466 @dailynewszim Home About Galleries Cartoons Contact Subscribe Privacy Policy Like on Facebook Follow on Twitter Go Mobile © 2017 Associated Newspapers of Zimbabwe (Pvt) Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Made in Zimbabwe Design & development by C2 Media C2 Media Zweely
