Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump ObamaCare Changing America SPONSORED: Puerto Rico's Future Just In... Bipartisan baseball game a show of unity after shooting House — 2h 55m ago Justice Dept. issues statement warning against believing anonymous sources Administration — 3h 52m ago Trump admin ends Obama-era protection of undocumented immigrant parents Other — 4h 33m ago Alex Jones releases secretly-taped audio of Megyn Kelly interview Blog Briefing Room — 4h 36m ago McChrystal: Trump responsible for Mattis's decision to send troops to Afghanistan Administration — 4h 44m ago Dems defeat GOP in baseball game, give trophy to Scalise Blog Briefing Room — 4h 51m ago US to send about 4,000 more troops to Afghanistan Blog Briefing Room — 5h 10m ago Ryan: Pelosi's grandkids 'actually like me' House — 5h 22m ago view all   Overnight Defense: Mattis defends Trump budget | Senate rejects effort to block Saudi deal | Boeing to cut 50 executive jobs By Rebecca Kheel - 06/13/17 07:44 PM EDT 0   © Getty THE TOPLINE: James Mattis pushed ahead on Capitol Hill on Tuesday, with the Defense secretary's second day in a row of committee hearings. On Tuesday, he and Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Gen. Joseph Dunford were up in front of the Senate Armed Services Committee. Mattis refused to bite at repeated attempts by senators to get him to criticize the Trump administration's budget request. "I'm here to defend the budget as it stands because I can defend every priority there," Mattis said at the hearing. "I have to represent the president's budget since he's having to deal with a wider portfolio than just defense." President Trump's fiscal year 2018 budget request has been roundly criticized on Capitol Hill, with many calling it dead on arrival. Defense hawks are upset the administration requested a $603 billion base defense budget, not the $640 billion they have advocated for. The $603 billion figure is $54 billion above caps set by the Budget Control Act. Read more on that here.   OTHER HIGHLIGHTS: -- Mattis: 'We're not winning in Afghanistan' -- Mattis on Qatar crisis: Russia 'trying to break' world alliances And if you missed Monday night's House Armed Services hearing: -- Mattis slams Congress for 'inhibiting' military readiness -- Mattis: Russia wants no 'positive relationship' with US   SENATE REJECTS EFFORT TO BLOCK SAUDI ARMS DEAL: The Senate on Tuesday voted down an effort to block part of President Trump's $110 billion arms sale to Saudi Arabia, though the vote was much closer than a previous effort to block a sale to Riyadh. The Hill's Jordain Carney reports: Senators voted 47-53 on advancing the resolution, falling short of the simple majority needed to move forward. GOP Sens. Mike LeeMike LeeMurkowski: 'I just truly do not know' if I can support GOP health bill Rand Paul denounces 'new entitlements' in emerging health bill Senate overwhelmingly passes Russia sanctions deal MORE (Utah), Rand PaulRand PaulOvernight Defense: Senate approves Russia, Iran sanctions | GOP chair expects to surpass Trump defense budget | Nude photo scandal could lead to court-martial Overnight Healthcare: GOP brushes off Trump calling health bill 'mean' | Big decision for insurers | Trump order on drug pricing in the works Russian sanctions bill faces uncertain path in House MORE (Ky.) Todd YoungTodd YoungSenate votes to continue arming Saudis As Yemenis suffer the consequences Overnight Defense: Mattis defends Trump budget | Senate rejects effort to block Saudi deal | Boeing to cut 50 executive jobs Overnight Finance: GOP chair floats phasing in border tax | Treasury offers first proposal to roll back Dodd-Frank | Mnuchin's idea of a 'good shutdown' MORE (Ind.) and Dean HellerDean HellerCourt-martial possible in Marines nude photo sharing scandal Murkowski: 'I just truly do not know' if I can support GOP health bill Senate votes to continue arming Saudis As Yemenis suffer the consequences MORE (Nev.) voted with most Democrats to advance it. Democratic Sens. Joe DonnellyJoe DonnellyLawmakers sport LSU gear at baseball game in honor of Scalise Senate votes to continue arming Saudis As Yemenis suffer the consequences Overnight Defense: Mattis defends Trump budget | Senate rejects effort to block Saudi deal | Boeing to cut 50 executive jobs MORE (Ind.), Claire McCaskillClaire McCaskillOvernight Cybersecurity: NSA links Wanna Cry ransomware to North Korea | Dem proposes center to counter Russian hacks | Senators raise questions about leaker's security clearance Court-martial possible in Marines nude photo sharing scandal Senators seek answers on alleged NSA leaker’s security clearance MORE (Mo.), Bill NelsonBill NelsonSenate votes to continue arming Saudis As Yemenis suffer the consequences Senators eye lifting brake, pedal requirements for more driverless cars Trump nominates former FCC Dem for another term MORE (Fla.), Joe ManchinJoe ManchinSenate votes to continue arming Saudis As Yemenis suffer the consequences Sessions decries 'detestable lie' Overnight Defense: Mattis defends Trump budget | Senate rejects effort to block Saudi deal | Boeing to cut 50 executive jobs MORE (W.Va.) and Mark WarnerMark WarnerSenate Intel panel won't investigate Trump obstruction question Senate votes to continue arming Saudis As Yemenis suffer the consequences Senate Intel heads meet with Mueller MORE (Va.) voted against moving the measure. The motion faced an uphill climb in the Senate, despite growing concerns about Saudi Arabia's involvement in Yemen's civil war. Read more here.   QATAR BRINGS LOBBYISTS INTO GULF SHOWDOWN: The standoff in the Middle East over Qatar is quickly becoming an intense lobbying battle in Washington. Qatar has five K Street firms on retainer, paying more than $1.8 million on its advocacy efforts last year, according to the most recent forms filed with the Justice Department -- some of the numbers are not yet updated, so the total stands to be much higher. The country hired two of those firms this year. Some of Qatar's well-heeled neighbors, however, have even larger influence war chests, with upwards of 30 firms combined at their beck and call. Those countries, including Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and the United Arab Emirates (UAE), have cut diplomatic and economic relations with Qatar, citing renewed concerns that the country is helping to fund terrorist groups. Read the full story here.   BOEING TO ELIMINATE 50 EXECUTIVE JOBS: Federal contractor Boeing announced Tuesday it will reorganize its defense and space business in a major move that will eliminate roughly 50 executive positions and make the company "more globally competitive," it said in a statement. "We need to be an agile organization that is more responsive to customers' needs and committed to continually improving productivity," said Leanne Caret, Boeing's CEO of defense, space and security. "We are fundamentally addressing how we compete, win, and grow in Boeing's second century." Approximately 50 executive employees will leave the company through layoffs within the next three to four months. All layoffs will be completed by the end of the year, Boeing spokesman Todd Blecher told The Hill. Read the rest here.   ON TAP FOR TOMORROW: Secretary of State Rex Tillerson testifies before the House Foreign Affairs Committee at 9 a.m. at the Rayburn House Office Building, room 2172. http://bit.ly/2suwBEj Defense Secretary James Mattis and Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Joseph Dunford will testify before the Senate Appropriations defense subommittee at 10:30 a.m. at the Dirksen Senate Office Building, room 192. http://bit.ly/2rSLIXk  Tillerson will testify before the House Appropriations subcommittee for the State Department at 2 p.m. at Rayburn 2359. http://bit.ly/2s9Wt8  Veterans Affairs Secretary David Shulkin testifies before the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee at 2:30 p.m. at the Russell Senate Office Building, room 418. http://bit.ly/2rfdiLH A Senate Foreign Relations Committee subpanel hears from outside experts and a State Department official on southeast Europe at 2:30 p.m. at the Dirksen Senate Office Building, room 419. http://bit.ly/2t4dTAf   ICYMI: -- The Hill: House approves VA bill, sending it to Trump -- The Hill: Schumer to GOP: Defend Mueller -- The Hill: NORAD to conduct exercises in DC -- The Hill: Top Armed Services Dem to propose bill to address Russian aggression -- Defense News: US aerospace, defense exports growth decelerated, says report -- Associated Press: US boosts team to investigate civilian deaths in Iraq, Syria Please send tips and comments to Rebecca Kheel, rkheel@thehill.com, and Ellen Mitchell, emitchell@thehill.com Follow us on Twitter: @thehill, @Rebecca_H_K, @EllenMitchell2   Tags Claire McCaskill Joe Donnelly Bill Nelson Dean Heller Joe Manchin Mark Warner Todd Young Rand Paul Mike Lee   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Alex Jones releases secretly-taped... Alex Jones on Thursday released secretly-taped audio of his interview with... 263 Shares 2 Republicans brush off Trump... “I think he's just doing the business deal,” Rep. Dave Brat said. 144 Shares 3 Rand Paul denounces 'new... The senator indicated that he will vote against it unless dramatic changes... 143 Shares 4 Putin offers political asylum to... Russian President Vladimir Putin on Thursday offered to give political... 142 Shares 5 Bipartisan baseball game a show of... Democrats won the annual Congressional baseball game Thursday night, but... 127 Shares 6 Trump: Why is Clinton not... President Trump on Thursday questioned why Hillary Clinton isn’t the... 122 Shares 7 Trump admin ends Obama-era... The Trump administration on Thursday night ended an Obama-era policy that... 103 Shares 8 Trump: Scalise in 'some trouble'... President Trump said Thursday that House Majority Whip Steve Scalise (R-La... 86 Shares 9 Trump's new Cuba policy restricts... President Trump will announce increased restrictions toward Cuba on Friday... 84 Shares 10 Senate overwhelmingly passes... The Senate on Thursday overwhelmingly passed legislation imposing new... 82 Shares 11 Justice Dept. issues statement... The Justice Department issued a statement Thursday night warning the media... 80 Shares 12 Murkowski: 'I just truly do not... Sen. Lisa Murkowski (R-Alaska), a potential key swing vote on an ObamaCare... 63 Shares 13 Russian sanctions bill faces... The measure was approved in a near unanimous vote Thursday in the Senate. 63 Shares 14 Commerce Department removes gender... The Department of Commerce has removed its mention of gender identity and... 53 Shares 15 ‘Crash Override’ malware heightens... The identification of malware tied to a cyberattack on Ukraine last year... 50 Shares Load more More From The Web Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Industry Boeing to restructure defense, space unit Boeing to restructure defense, space unit Boeing Co said on Tuesday it would restructure its defense, space and security (BDS) division into smaller units and cut about 50 executive positions, as the world's largest plane maker seeks to make its business more responsive to customers. By: Reuters | Published: June 14, 2017 4:54 AM Boeing Co said on Tuesday it would restructure its defense, space and security (BDS) division into smaller units and cut about 50 executive positions, as the world’s largest plane maker seeks to make its business more responsive to customers. (Reuters) Boeing Co said on Tuesday it would restructure its defense, space and security (BDS) division into smaller units and cut about 50 executive positions, as the world’s largest plane maker seeks to make its business more responsive to customers. The business, which accounted for nearly a third of the company’s total revenue in 2016, will be divided into seven units, instead of the present five. All will report to BDS Chief Executive Leanne Caret.The executives to be cut represent a layer of middle management in between senior officials and each individual business unit.Caret told Reuters the restructuring will make the business faster and help Boeing better anticipate the needs of defense customers.”Customers have “a desire to move fast, and we need to be part of the solution,” she said.Boeing’s defense arm sells a variety of military equipment including jet fighters, missiles and unmanned underwater vehicles to the United States and its allies. Boeing’s military aircraft business, part of the BDS unit, will be rearranged into three smaller segments: autonomous systems, strike surveillance and mobility, and vertical lift.Autonomous systems, led by Chris Raymond, will comprise Boeing’s subsidiaries Liquid Robotics, which makes the Wave Glider ocean surface robot, and Insitu unmanned aerial vehicles, among other businesses.The strike surveillance and mobility business, led by Shelley Lavender, will include the F-15 and F/A-18 fighters and P-8 maritime patrol aircraft. Boeing’s AH-6i, AH-64 Apache, and CH-47 Chinook helicopters will become part of the new vertical lift segment, led by David Koopersmith.Boeing said its network and space systems business, also part of the BDS unit, will be reconstituted as space and missile systems. The business will be led by Jim Chilton.The business makes satellites and other space and intelligence systems, and includes its joint venture operation with Lockheed Martin Corp – United Launch Alliance. The development, global operations, and phantom works segments will remain largely unchanged within the BDS unit, the company said.Boeing is aggressively building its services businesses to capture new revenue and lift profit margins from high single digits to mid-teens by 2020.Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg established a services business unit earlier this year that combines commercial aircraft and defense services. T The Last Inspector Jun 14, 2017 at 9:04 am Sounds like the moving of deck chairs around on the anic. How does this pare executive management at all? 50 positions eliminated at defense and 60 moved to services? Seems like a 10 exec increase. Boeing almost never lets management go. They know far too much about the various frauds Boeing engages in across the enterprise to be cut off. Instead, they will pay them to inhabit nearly empty offices with no responsibilities or have them telecommute from the golf course and pay them in Boeing stock, which is massively overvalued and doesn't hit profitability. That way none of them will squeal to the feds. The rest of Boeing's defense group is horribly outdated military hardware, the Chinook, their fighters, ICBM kill vehicles that only work 50 of the time in staged tests, etc. The U.S. could fix at least 50 of the fraud in all of their military programs by kicking Boeing to the curb permanently, IMO. : thelastboeinginspector Reply Don't Miss After UP, Yogi Adityanath eyes Bihar: Has BJP found the right weapon to break Mahagathbandhan matrix? Daily revision of petrol, diesel rates: Fuel prices to change every morning from today, key takeaways Air India privatisation: Government may write off dues up to Rs 30,000 crore Reliance Jio vs Bharti Airtel, Vodafone, Idea: Incumbents clash with new telco at TRAI meet Bihar CM Nitish Kumar convoy meets with accident, 6 policemen injured Fodder scam case: Lalu Prasad Yadav appears before special CBI court in Ranchi RBI provides banks first list of 6 stressed accounts including Monnet Ispat, Alok Industries Bhushan Power, and Electrosteel Steels Presidential election 2017: Rajnath Singh, Venkaiah Naidu to meet Sonia Gandhi today Panama papers probe: ED seizes assets worth Rs 7 crore from Delhi based jeweller Srinagar attacks: Two policemen killed by terrorists in Jammu and Kashmir, here's all you need to know Business Gallery 7th Pay Commission report on allowances: 5 points to get up to date on hot topic even as Narendra Modi led Cabinet gets set to give decision Humsafar Express upgraded! 15 new features in Indian Railways all AC-3 tier ‘affordable luxury’ train service London fire: Death toll set to rise in 24-storey Grenfell Tower; here are the latest images Nokia 6, Nokia 5, Nokia 3 launched in India; here are key specifications, price and features China Eastern Airlines jet escapes miraculously as huge hole opens up in Airbus A330-200 engine Technology Gallery WWDC 2017: iOS 11 brings powerful new features to iPhone and iPad; take a look WWDC 2017: Apple’s iMac Pro is the most powerful Mac ever; here are the key features WWDC 2017: Apple’s iPad Pro launched; know the key features WWDC 2017: From HomePod to iPad Pro and all new iOS update; know the key highlights from Apple’s big event ISRO GSLV Mk 3 rocket launches GSAT-19 satellite into space: 5 unique things you must know Hindi News मर्डर मामले में 'निष्पक्ष जांच' की मांग कर रहे दो छात्रों सहित 15 दलितों पर 'देशद्रोह' का केस, सरकार के खिलाफ भड़काऊ बातें कहने का आरोप कांग्रेस राज में राजीव गांधी ट्रस्ट को मिली जमीन वापस लेगी हरियाणा की मनोहर लाल खट्टर सरकार कर्नाटक के शफी अमरार को अमेरिका ने घोषित किया ग्लोबल टेररिस्ट Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Menu Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Aerospace blog Boeing reorganizes defense division, cutting 50 exec jobs Dan Catchpole Tue Jun 13th, 2017 3:00pm Business You must sign in or register to continue reading content. ARLINGTON, Va. — Boeing Defense, Space & Security (BDS) is reorganizing and slimming its executive ranks in hopes of becoming a more nimble corporation. The changes are effective July 1. They include axing 50 executive positions and were announced Tuesday. “We need to be an agile organization that is more responsive to customers’ needs and committed to continually improving productivity,” BDS President and CEO Leanne Caret said in a news release. “We are fundamentally addressing how we compete, win, and grow in Boeing’s second century.” The changes were inspired by customers and employees who “have pointed out that we could benefit from streamlining the organization,” Boeing spokesman Todd Blecher said in an email to The Daily Herald. “We took that to heart and have taken a step to make us more responsive, innovative and affordable,” he said. The Wall Street Journal reported that the Pentagon was among the customers encouraging BDS to go on an executive diet. Four new entities will report directly to Caret: Autonomous Systems: Insitu and Liquid Robotics subsidiaries; Echo Voyager maritime vehicle; vertical lift unmanned systems; and certain electronic and information systems. Space and Missile Systems: satellites; Boeing’s share of United Launch Alliance; the International Space Station; Ground-based Midcourse Defense; Ground Based Strategic Deterrent; Joint Direct Attack Munition and Harpoon weapons, among others. Strike, Surveillance and Mobility: F-15 and F/A-18 fighters; P-8 maritime patrol aircraft; Joint Surveillance Target Attack Radar System; modifications/upgrades to fixed-wing aircraft. Vertical Lift: AH-6i, AH-64 Apache, and CH-47 Chinook helicopters; V-22 Osprey tilt rotor. The following executives will head the departments: Autonomous Systems: Chris Raymond. Space and Missile Systems: Jim Chilton. Strike, Surveillance and Mobility: Shelley Lavender. Vertical Lift: David Koopersmith. Other BDS units — Development, Global Operations, and Phantom Works — will largely not be affected. All three report to Caret. Dan Catchpole: 425-339-3454; dcatchpole@heraldnet.com; Twitter: @dcatchpole.   Most Read Charges unlikely in fatal body slam during Everett fight EVERETT — Prosecutors aren’t expected to file criminal charges against the man… Jun 14th, 2017 by Diana Hefley Deal to bring hotel to Everett waterfront by October 2019 EVERETT — The Port of Everett has reached a deal with Seattle’s… Jun 14th, 2017 by Jim Davis Everett submarine firm will take you to Titanic for $105K EVERETT — When a big ship sinks in the open ocean, it… Jun 14th, 2017 by Dan Catchpole Fire District 7 threatens to end contract with Mill Creek MILL CREEK — Snohomish County Fire District 7 is threatening to end… Jun 14th, 2017 by Rikki King GOP senators continue push to slash Sound Transit car tab fees OLYMPIA — Republican senators renewed their push Tuesday to make Sound Transit… Jun 14th, 2017 by Jerry Cornfield © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site Map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Social Media
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump ObamaCare Changing America SPONSORED: Puerto Rico's Future Just In... Bipartisan baseball game a show of unity after shooting House — 2h 55m ago Justice Dept. issues statement warning against believing anonymous sources Administration — 3h 52m ago Trump admin ends Obama-era protection of undocumented immigrant parents Other — 4h 33m ago Alex Jones releases secretly-taped audio of Megyn Kelly interview Blog Briefing Room — 4h 36m ago McChrystal: Trump responsible for Mattis's decision to send troops to Afghanistan Administration — 4h 44m ago Dems defeat GOP in baseball game, give trophy to Scalise Blog Briefing Room — 4h 51m ago US to send about 4,000 more troops to Afghanistan Blog Briefing Room — 5h 10m ago Ryan: Pelosi's grandkids 'actually like me' House — 5h 22m ago view all   Boeing to eliminate 50 executive positions in major overhaul By Ellen Mitchell - 06/13/17 05:47 PM EDT 3   © Bloomberg/Getty Images Federal contractor Boeing announced Tuesday it will reorganize its defense and space business in a major move that will eliminate roughly 50 executive positions and make the company “more globally competitive,” it said in a statement. "We need to be an agile organization that is more responsive to customers' needs and committed to continually improving productivity,” said Leanne Caret, Boeing’s CEO of defense, space and security. “We are fundamentally addressing how we compete, win, and grow in Boeing's second century.” Approximately 50 executive employees will leave the company through layoffs within the next three to four months. All layoffs will be completed by the end of the year, Boeing spokesman Todd Blecher told The Hill. ADVERTISEMENT Blecher said the affected employees were notified within the past 24 hours of the decision, which “has been in the works for some time.” “Right now there’s a layer in between the program manager and the head of the business segment, who reports to Leanne,” he explained. “We’ve taken out that layer.” The company will also by July 1 dismantle two Boeing units that will “evolve into smaller entities reporting to Caret,” specifically the Boeing military aircraft and network and space systems segments. The four smaller entities will be Autonomous Systems; Space and Missile Systems; Strike, Surveillance and Mobility; and Vertical Lift – which includes Boeing’s AH-6i, AH-64 Apache, and CH-47 Chinook helicopters  and the V-22 Osprey tilt-rotor, made with Bell Helicopter. The firm’s development, global operations and phantom works segments, “will largely be unchanged.”   Caret has already made several changes to Boeing’s structure since becoming CEO in February of last year.  She moved the firm’s defense and space unit from St. Louis to Arlington, Va. in January this year to be able to interact more easily with lawmakers.    View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Alex Jones releases secretly-taped... Alex Jones on Thursday released secretly-taped audio of his interview with... 263 Shares 2 Republicans brush off Trump... “I think he's just doing the business deal,” Rep. Dave Brat said. 144 Shares 3 Rand Paul denounces 'new... The senator indicated that he will vote against it unless dramatic changes... 143 Shares 4 Putin offers political asylum to... Russian President Vladimir Putin on Thursday offered to give political... 142 Shares 5 Bipartisan baseball game a show of... Democrats won the annual Congressional baseball game Thursday night, but... 127 Shares 6 Trump: Why is Clinton not... President Trump on Thursday questioned why Hillary Clinton isn’t the... 122 Shares 7 Trump admin ends Obama-era... The Trump administration on Thursday night ended an Obama-era policy that... 103 Shares 8 Trump: Scalise in 'some trouble'... President Trump said Thursday that House Majority Whip Steve Scalise (R-La... 86 Shares 9 Trump's new Cuba policy restricts... President Trump will announce increased restrictions toward Cuba on Friday... 84 Shares 10 Senate overwhelmingly passes... The Senate on Thursday overwhelmingly passed legislation imposing new... 82 Shares 11 Justice Dept. issues statement... The Justice Department issued a statement Thursday night warning the media... 80 Shares 12 Murkowski: 'I just truly do not... Sen. Lisa Murkowski (R-Alaska), a potential key swing vote on an ObamaCare... 63 Shares 13 Russian sanctions bill faces... The measure was approved in a near unanimous vote Thursday in the Senate. 63 Shares 14 Commerce Department removes gender... The Department of Commerce has removed its mention of gender identity and... 53 Shares 15 ‘Crash Override’ malware heightens... The identification of malware tied to a cyberattack on Ukraine last year... 50 Shares Load more More From The Web Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Rogers Media uses cookies for personalization, to customize its online advertisements, and for other purposes. Learn more or change your cookie preferences. Rogers Media supports the Digital Advertising Alliance principles. By continuing to use our service, you agree to our use of cookies. We use cookies (why?) You can change cookie preferences. Continued site use signifies consent. News Local Oil & Gas National Sports World Entertainment Business Breaking News Alerts News Tips About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Local Sports Entertainment Oil & Gas National Loading articles... The Tuesday news briefing: An at-a-glance survey of some top stories National by The Canadian Press Posted Jun 13, 2017 2:24 pm MDT Last Updated Jun 13, 2017 at 3:00 pm MDT Highlights from the news file for Tuesday, June 13 ——— FEDS SET TO MEET WITH FIGHTER JET MAKERS: Federal officials are expected to sit down with different fighter jet manufacturers in Paris next week. The meetings are being billed as the first step towards the eventual launch of a competition in 2019 to replace Canada’s aging CF-18 fleet with 88 new fighters. But they also come as uncertainty remains over the Liberals’ plan to buy 18 Super Hornets from U.S. aerospace giant Boeing in the meantime. The government has threatened to scrap that plan in retaliation for Boeing’s trade dispute with Canadian rival Bombardier. That sets the stage for Boeing’s competitors to use the Paris meetings as an opportunity to pitch their own aircraft should the government follow through on its threat. For its part, Boeing says it continues to work with the U.S. government to sell the Super Hornets to Canada. ——— HATE CRIMES IN CANADA UP IN 2015, STATSCAN SAYS: Statistics Canada says hate crimes in Canada rose by five per cent in 2015. The agency says the rise is largely due to an increase in incidents targeting certain groups, specifically the Muslim population and Arabs or West Asians. In 2015, police reported 1,362 criminal incidents motivated by hate, 67 more than the previous year, according to the data published Tuesday. Police-reported hate crimes targeting the Muslim population rose from 99 incidents in 2014 to 159 incidents in 2015, while crimes targeting the Jewish population declined from 213 in 2014 to 178 in 2015. StatsCan says eight of 10 provinces reported an increase in the number of police-reported hate crimes from 2014 to 2015. The increase was most pronounced in Alberta, which the agency notes reported an overall increase in their 2015 crime statistics. ——— ‘SIGNIFICANT DOUBT’ FOR FUTURE OF SEARS CANADA: Sears Canada, known for its catalogues that were a household staple for generations, said Tuesday there is “significant doubt” about its future and it could sell or restructure itself. The struggling retailer, which tried to reinvent itself last year with a new corporate logo, said it doesn’t expect to have enough cash flow over the next 12 months to meet its obligations. It’s the latest sign of how the retail sector is being upended by numerous factors, including the rise of online shopping. Its shares tanked, down 22 per cent to 89 cents in midday trading on the Toronto Stock Exchange. The company’s executive leadership has been a veritable revolving door, having gone through several changes over the last four years. Last week, rival Hudson’s Bay Co. said it is cutting about 2,000 jobs across North America in an effort to help it compete in an increasingly tough retail environment, partly due to the rise of e-commerce. ——— POLOZ SAYS LOW INTEREST RATES HAVE DONE THEIR JOB: The Bank of Canada is sending out more signals that it’s moving closer to a hike in its benchmark interest rate as the economy continues to strengthen. Governor Stephen Poloz told the CBC in an interview broadcast Tuesday that rate cuts introduced by the bank amid the oil-price slump have done their job. The bank reduced its trend-setting rate twice in 2015 to the very low level of 0.5 per cent to help the economy as it struggled with the effects of the oil-price shock. Poloz’s remarks come a day after the bank’s second-highest ranking official indicated the governing council is assessing whether the considerable stimulus from the low rates is still required. Senior deputy governor Carolyn Wilkins said in recent months the economy has registered impressive, broad-based gains not seen since before the oil-price collapse nearly three years ago. Analysts say these types of comments suggest the bank is beginning to assess when, not if, the bank might introduce its first rate increase in nearly seven years. ——— CANADA CONSULTED ALLIES OVER CHINESE TAKEOVER OF NORSAT: Economic Development Minister Navdeep Bains says the security review done on the Chinese takeover of a Vancouver tech firm included consultations with Canadian allies. His comments come as some warning flags about the deal are popping up in the United States, whose military is one of the biggest customers of Norsat International, maker of satellite receivers for security and military use. A spokesperson for the U.S. Department of Defense told The Canadian Press today the Pentagon couldn’t comment on the matter specifically. But they emphasized that transfers of sensitive technologies should be vetted carefully for security risks to the United States. Canada’s opposition parties accuse the Liberal government of approving the deal without a full security review, a move they say was meant to appease China ahead of possible free trade negotiations. Bains says the review that was done was thorough and insists there are no risks to national security from the plan. ——— NEW MILITARY HELICOPTERS BACK IN SERVICE: The Royal Canadian Air Force has resumed limited flights on its new Cyclone helicopters after a software problem grounded the aircraft for nine weeks and created delays in training air crew. Col. Peter Allan, wing commander of the Shearwater base in Halifax, said Tuesday the fleet of three CH-148 helicopters resumed training flights on May 15 after ceasing flying on March 12. The Sikorsky-built Cyclones are the much-delayed replacements for the Sea King helicopters, which remain in service after more than a half-century but are scheduled to be retired next year. Allan said it will take about six months to fix the software glitch that caused a computerized flight control system to momentarily restart and sent the aircraft into a sudden and brief loss of altitude on March 9. Described originally as a “severe bump,” the problem corrected itself and the pilot safely landed the plane. Allan says while the software redesign is underway there are some limits on operations of the Cyclones, but he adds they won’t affect the ability of air crew to continue most training requirements. ——— NO CLEAR MOTIVE FOR LA LOCHE SHOOTING, HEARING TOLD: A child psychiatrist says it’s not clear why a teen killed four people and injured seven in a shooting that devastated the northern Saskatchewan community of La Loche in January 2016. Dr. Declan Quinn, who met with the teen four times, testified for the Crown as a court hearing resumed Tuesday to determine whether the teen will be sentenced as an adult or a youth. “I’m as puzzled now as I was the first day I met him,” Quinn said. The teen pleaded guilty earlier this year to killing two brothers in a home in La Loche before shooting up the school where a teacher and an aide died. Quinn said he was concerned that the teen was preoccupied with school shootings in the United States, specifically in Columbine, but the youth didn’t want to talk about those shootings or his own. The teen’s lawyer, Aaron Fox, has said there isn’t a simple explanation for what happened, but added his client does have cognitive, social and developmental issues. ——— RESEARCHERS TO STUDY DUST AFTER FORT MCMURRAY FIRE: Ontario researchers are going to Alberta next month to study dust left in homes from the forest fire that ravaged Fort McMurray last year. University of Toronto engineering professor Arthur Chan says his team will look for heavy metals and carcinogens in dust that has collected in homes in the area. He says he has received overwhelming interest from concerned homeowners who have offered their places to be tested. Chan says his team was hoping to collect samples from 40 homes, but residents of 220 homes say they’ll open doors to the researchers. Chan says they’ll use a modified vacuum and swabs to collect the samples. The team’s work is among several studies that are being conducted on the health effects of the ferocious blaze that forced more than 80,000 people to flee. ——— WAYWARD WHALE TO BE MOVED FROM NEW BRUNSWICK RIVER: Animal rescuers hope to capture and relocate an endangered beluga whale that has been making its home in a northern New Brunswick river for several weeks. Tonya Wimmer of the Marine Animal Response Society says they hope to relocate the juvenile whale from the Nepisiguit River to the St. Lawrence Estuary near Cacouna, Que. She says that’s where other beluga whales usually spend their summer months. Wimmer says it’s unknown why this whale went off on its own and decided to stay in the fresh water river. She says the whale — about two metres long — appears healthy for now, but shows no indication it plans to leave the river on its own. Wimmer says capturing, moving and releasing the whale will be risky, but officials have determined it is the best option. The whale will be equipped with a tracking device so scientists can observe where it goes. Movie Trailers June 16, 2017 to June 22, 2017 Landmark 6, 10015 Manning Ave. PH:791-6610 The Mummy (14A) 3D: 7:15p 2D: 1:00p/ 10:15p Baywatch (14A) 2D: 6:00p / 9:20p  Pirates of The Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales (PG) 3D: 10:00p 2D: 6:45p Captain Underpants (PG) 2D: 6:15p / 9:50p Wonder Woman (PG) 3D: 9:35p 2D: 6:30p Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 (PG) 2D: 7:00pm / 10:20pm 660 NEWS CALGARY NATIONAL Pilot uninjured in plane crash near Ponoka Just moments ago A ballgame of unity, spirit, friendly rivalry, won by Dems 40 minutes ago Crooked Hill Road exit sign altered to read Crooked Hillary Jun 15, 2017, 9:24 PM Trump to announce plan to stop cash flow to Cuban military Jun 15, 2017, 9:15 PM About 4,000 more US troops to go to Afghanistan Jun 15, 2017, 9:06 PM US to send almost 4,000 troops to Afghanistan Jun 15, 2017, 9:02 PM The Thursday news briefing: An at-a-glance survey of some top stories Jun 15, 2017, 3:29 PM Crashes and gunfire in two-hour, 100-kilometre police chase in southern Alberta Jun 15, 2017, 3:26 PM Calgary man accused of filming women, posting images on Twitter granted bail Jun 15, 2017, 2:52 PM Libs pare rules changes to basics, won't formalize PMs question period Jun 15, 2017, 2:52 PM Former RCMP employee alleging sexual assault tells court she has PTSD Jun 15, 2017, 2:39 PM Montreal's oldest urban stable torn down, advocates promise to rebuild Jun 15, 2017, 2:20 PM BUSINESS SPORTSNET OIL & GAS ENTERTAINMENT Morneau warns government won't accept Senate changes to budget bill Jun 15, 2017, 3:26 PM Most actively traded companies on the TSX Jun 15, 2017, 3:10 PM Teck Resources lowers steelmaking coal price guidance after sales disruption Jun 15, 2017, 2:16 PM Evraz workers in Calgary vote to strike during contract negotiations Jun 15, 2017, 1:43 PM Husky Energy hired Natural Resource Minister Jim Carr's former chief of staff Jun 15, 2017, 1:12 PM Jonathan Drouin trade likely means more coming from Canadiens’ Bergevin Jun 15, 2017, 9:12 PM Analyzing what Jonathan Drouin adds to the Canadiens’ lineup Jun 15, 2017, 5:02 PM Kings’ Drew Doughty could ‘test the waters’ in 2019 free agency Jun 15, 2017, 8:18 PM Canadiens sign Jonathan Drouin to six-year contract extension after trade Jun 15, 2017, 5:53 PM Twitter Reaction: Canadiens make a big splash by acquiring Drouin Jun 15, 2017, 4:17 PM Environmental groups concerned pipeline project will increase tanker traffic Jul 26, 2016, 8:20 AM Oil prices poised to slide, crude glut continues Jul 26, 2016, 7:33 AM "Distasteful" ad prompts Canada Action to further distance itself from former volunteer Jul 25, 2016, 2:35 PM Oil spill forces Prince Albert to shutdown water intake Jul 25, 2016, 10:11 AM ConocoPhillips Canada plans to cut upwards of 300 staff, mostly in Calgary Jul 22, 2016, 1:01 PM PUBLISHERS WEEKLY Bestsellers Jun 15, 2017, 2:48 PM YouTube star charged with child porn ordered to stay offline Jun 15, 2017, 2:35 PM Czech sculptor Olbram Zoubek dies at age 91 Jun 15, 2017, 2:34 PM Margaret Atwood to get literary lifetime achievement award Jun 15, 2017, 2:07 PM US show of Saudi art aims to share ideas, test perceptions Jun 15, 2017, 1:55 PM Home About Us Contact Us Breaking News Alerts Advertise with us Advertise with us Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service 9912 Franklin Ave, Fort McMurray, Alberta T9H 2K5 © 2016-2017 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifiying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *}
About Us Contact Us Subscribe to WT Daily RSS Feed Join WT Insider Renew WT Insider Insider Reports Resources Login The Authority for Government Contractors and Partners Most Popular Articles Most Emailed Articles Leidos has Navy NGEN contract 'in our pipeline' Top 100: KBR bets on government services with Wyle, Honeywell deals Boeing makes plans to use undersea drones as another growth opportunity Introducing the 2017 Washington Technology Top 100 Boeing makes plans to use undersea drones as another growth opportunity Top 100: KBR bets on government services with Wyle, Honeywell deals Contracts 2017 contracts 2016 contracts 2015 contracts 2014 contracts 2013 contracts M & A People Companies Rankings Opinion John Hillen Robert Lohfeld Stan Soloway Events Insider Reports Business Beat Top 100 Click here to receive the Washington Technology Daily e-Newsletter for FREE! COMPANIES Boeing to revamp defense segment, create smaller business units in agility push By Ross Wilkers Jun 13, 2017 Boeing will break up two divisions within its $29 billion Defense, Space & Security segment into four smaller organizations as the airplane maker seeks to make its business more agile and competitive. The restructuring will take effect on July 1 and eliminate one layer of management at around 50 executive-level job cuts, Boeing said Tuesday. This move comes nearly six months after the BDS segment relocated its headquarters to Arlington, Va. from its longtime home of St. Louis for greater proximity with government agencies. Caret took charge of the Boeing defense segment in February 2016 in the wake of the Air Force's late 2015 award of the long-awaited Long Range Strike Bomber contract to rival Northrop Grumman. This move comes as Boeing prepares to compete for large defense contracts such as the Air Force T-X trainer, for which which it is partnered with Saab against a team of Lockheed Martin and Korea Aerospace Industries. In this realignment, the military aircraft and network and space systems businesses will evolve into four smaller units: autonomous systems; space and missile systems; strike, surveillance and mobility; and vertical lift. Autonomous systems, led by Chris Raymond, will house the airplane maker's unmanned aerial and underwater portfolio that includes the Insitu and Liquid Robotics subsidiaries. This unit will also oversee other electronic and information systems. Space and missile systems, led by Jim Chilton, will have Boeing's share of its United Launch Alliance venture with Lockheed Martin, the International Space Station and other missile and weapons programs. Strike, surveillance and mobility -- led by Shelley Lavender -- will take on the bulk of Boeing's fighter jet programs currently in the military aircraft division. The new vertical lift unit to be led by David Koopersmith will handle the helicopter programs. Lavender currently leads the military aircraft division as president and Chilton holds the same role for network and space systems. Boeing said the BDS Phantom Works advanced research division will remain unchanged as well the development and global operations units. BDS represents roughly one-third of Boeing's total sales. The company expects the defense business to post $28 billion-$29 billion in revenue this year at a rough 3.4-percent decline from the prior year period. Revenue in Military Aircraft fell 6.7 percent last year to $12.5 billion and Network and Space Systems declined 9 percent to $7 billion.  About the Author Ross Wilkers is a senior staff writer for Washington Technology. He can be reached at rwilkers@washingtontechnology.com. Follow him on Twitter: @rosswilkers. Also find and connect with him on LinkedIn. Printable Format E-Mail this page Reader Comments Please post your comments here. Comments are moderated, so they may not appear immediately after submitting. We will not post comments that we consider abusive or off-topic. Name: (Optional) Email: (Optional) Invalid Location: (Optional) Your Comment: Comment required Your comment has exceeded the maximum length of 3,000 characters. Please shorten your comment. Please type the letters/numbers you see above Washington Technology FCW GCN Defense Systems Advanced Search Login | Register What is your e-mail address? My e-mail address is: Do you have a password? I don't have a password. (Sign up now!) I have a password Forgot your password? Click here close Trending Dive into our Contract Award database In an exclusive for WT Insider members, we are collecting all of the contract awards we cover into a database that you can sort by contractor, agency, value and other parameters. You can also download it into a spreadsheet. Our databases track awards back to 2013. Read More Navigating the trends and issues of 2016 In our latest WT Insider Report, we pull together our best advice, insights and reporting on the trends and issues that will shape the market in 2016 and beyond. Read More Washington Technology Daily Sign up for our newsletter. Email Address Please select your company's main business focus. Click to Select One Systems Integration VAR (Value Added Reseller) Systems/Software Dvlpment Distribution/Aggregation Aerospace/Defense Contrctr Professional/Engin Servics Other Government Contractr Other Please select your primary job function. Click to Select One Sr Exec/Corp Mgt Program/Project Mgt Technical Management Sys Analyst/Solns Arch/Eng Mgt Procure/Capture Mgt BizDev/Sales/Team Mgt Other I agree to this site's Privacy Policy. Contracts About M & A E-Newsletter People WT Insider Companies Advertise Rankings Contact Opinion Terms Of Use List Rental Privacy Policy 1105 Media, Inc. 8251 Greensboro Drive, Suite 510 McLean, VA 22102 703-876-5100 Insider Customer Service 800-353-9118 or email © 1996-2017 1105 Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Close this Advertisement
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Products Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederland Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Boeing Streamlining Defense and Space Unit to Boost Competitiveness Simplified, flatter structure will accelerate decision making About 50 executive positions affected by changes News provided by Boeing 13 Jun, 2017, 16:20 ET Share this article ARLINGTON, Va., June 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Boeing [NYSE: BA] is taking the next step in making its Defense, Space & Security (BDS) unit more globally competitive by eliminating a layer of executive oversight. "We need to be an agile organization that is more responsive to customers' needs and committed to continually improving productivity," said Defense, Space & Security President and CEO Leanne Caret. "We are fundamentally addressing how we compete, win, and grow in Boeing's second century." As of July 1, the current Boeing Military Aircraft and Network & Space Systems segments will evolve into smaller entities reporting to Caret. Autonomous Systems: Insitu and Liquid Robotics subsidiaries; Echo Voyager maritime vehicle; vertical lift unmanned systems; and certain electronic and information systems. Space and Missile Systems: satellites; Boeing's share of United Launch Alliance; the International Space Station; Ground-based Midcourse Defense; Ground Based Strategic Deterrent; Joint Direct Attack Munition and Harpoon weapons, among others. Strike, Surveillance and Mobility: F-15 and F/A-18 fighters; P-8 maritime patrol aircraft; Joint Surveillance Target Attack Radar System; modifications/upgrades to fixed-wing aircraft. Vertical Lift: AH-6i, AH-64 Apache, and CH-47 Chinook helicopters; V-22 Osprey tilt rotor. Boeing executives Chris Raymond, Jim Chilton, Shelley Lavender, and David Koopersmith will lead those, respectively. The Development, Global Operations, and Phantom Works segments, which also report to Caret, will largely be unchanged. About 50 executive positions will be affected this year as a result of the changes. For more on Defense, Space & Security, visit www.boeing.com. Follow us on Twitter: @BoeingDefense. Contact: Todd Blecher Office: +1 703-414-6033 Mobile: +1 312-543-4311 todd.h.blecher@boeing.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/boeing-streamlining-defense-and-space-unit-to-boost-competitiveness-300473399.html SOURCE Boeing Related Links http://www.boeing.com 09 Jun, 2017, 14:00 ET Preview: Boeing Names Ramos to Supply Chain & Operations Leadership Role My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 09 Jun, 2017, 11:14 ET Boeing Names Ramos to Supply Chain & Operations Leadership Role 09 Jun, 2017, 11:14 ET Boeing Thanks U.S. Trade Representative for Winning Major WTO... Explore More news releases in similar topics Aerospace & Defense Restructuring & Recapitalization Personnel Announcements You just read: Boeing Streamlining Defense and Space Unit to Boost Competitiveness News provided by Boeing 13 Jun, 2017, 16:20 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Products Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederland Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
June 16, 2017 Winnipeg 14° C, Overcast Full Forecast Contact Us Subscribe Manage Subscription Insider Log in Create Free Account Help Contact Us Submit a News Tip Send a Letter to the Editor Advertising Contact Report an Error Finding your information My Account Manage my Subscription Commenting Profile Change Password Grid View List View Compact View Text Size Translate Log Out Log in Create Free Account Help Grid View List View Compact View Text Size Translate E-Edition Winnipeg Free Press The Herald The Headliner The Lance The Metro The Sou'Wester The Times Sections Home Local Canada World Arts & Life All Arts & Life The Arts Books Celebrities Diversions The Green Page Events Faith Food & Drink Your Health Life & Style Movies Music Science & Technology TV Business All Business Agriculture Personal Finance Sports All Sports Amateur Auto Racing Blue Bombers Curling Football Goldeyes Golf High School Hockey Horse Racing Winnipeg Jets Manitoba Moose MLB NBA Olympics Soccer Winnipeg Jets Blue Bombers Travel Opinion All Opinion Analysis Columnists Editorials Letters to the Editor Send a Letter to the Editor Media All Media Interactive Graphics Photo Galleries Videos Special Coverage Canstar Community News All Canstar Community News The Headliner The Herald The Lance The Metro The Sou'wester The Times Sports Events Contact Us E-Editions Homes Autos Classifieds Flyers Jobs Obituaries Extras Store Archives Contests Publications About Us About Us Staff Biographies Advertising History Internships Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Retail Locations FP Newspapers Inc. News Café     Your Balance+tax Your Balance+tax Contact Us Submit a News Tip Send a Letter to the Editor Advertising Contact Staff Biographies Report an Error Finding your information My Account Manage my Subscription Commenting Profile Change Password Grid View List View Compact View Text Size Translate Log Out Log in Create Account Help Grid View List View Compact View Text Size Translate Contact Us Subscribe Manage Subscription Insider Log in Create Account Subscribe Contact Us All Sections Local Arts & Life Business Sports Travel Opinion Homes Autos Classifieds Flyers Jobs Obituaries Extras Canada Your Balance +tax Your Balance +tax Purchased Advertisement Advertise With Us Canada The Tuesday news briefing: An at-a-glance survey of some top stories By: The Canadian Press Posted: 06/13/2017 3:25 PM | Comments: Tweet Post Reddit ShareThis Print Email Highlights from the news file for Tuesday, June 13 ——— A pilot positions a CF-18 Hornet at the CFB Cold Lake, in Cold Lake, Alberta on October 21, 2014. Federal officials are expected to sit down with different fighter jet manufacturers in Paris next week. The meetings are being billed as the first step towards the eventual launch of a competition in 2019 to replace Canada's aging CF-18 fleet with 88 new fighters. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Jason Franson FEDS SET TO MEET WITH FIGHTER JET MAKERS: Federal officials are expected to sit down with different fighter jet manufacturers in Paris next week. The meetings are being billed as the first step towards the eventual launch of a competition in 2019 to replace Canada's aging CF-18 fleet with 88 new fighters. But they also come as uncertainty remains over the Liberals' plan to buy 18 Super Hornets from U.S. aerospace giant Boeing in the meantime. The government has threatened to scrap that plan in retaliation for Boeing's trade dispute with Canadian rival Bombardier. That sets the stage for Boeing's competitors to use the Paris meetings as an opportunity to pitch their own aircraft should the government follow through on its threat. For its part, Boeing says it continues to work with the U.S. government to sell the Super Hornets to Canada. ——— HATE CRIMES IN CANADA UP IN 2015, STATSCAN SAYS: Statistics Canada says hate crimes in Canada rose by five per cent in 2015. The agency says the rise is largely due to an increase in incidents targeting certain groups, specifically the Muslim population and Arabs or West Asians. In 2015, police reported 1,362 criminal incidents motivated by hate, 67 more than the previous year, according to the data published Tuesday. Police-reported hate crimes targeting the Muslim population rose from 99 incidents in 2014 to 159 incidents in 2015, while crimes targeting the Jewish population declined from 213 in 2014 to 178 in 2015. StatsCan says eight of 10 provinces reported an increase in the number of police-reported hate crimes from 2014 to 2015. The increase was most pronounced in Alberta, which the agency notes reported an overall increase in their 2015 crime statistics. ——— 'SIGNIFICANT DOUBT' FOR FUTURE OF SEARS CANADA: Sears Canada, known for its catalogues that were a household staple for generations, said Tuesday there is "significant doubt" about its future and it could sell or restructure itself. The struggling retailer, which tried to reinvent itself last year with a new corporate logo, said it doesn't expect to have enough cash flow over the next 12 months to meet its obligations. It's the latest sign of how the retail sector is being upended by numerous factors, including the rise of online shopping. Its shares tanked, down 22 per cent to 89 cents in midday trading on the Toronto Stock Exchange. The company's executive leadership has been a veritable revolving door, having gone through several changes over the last four years. Last week, rival Hudson's Bay Co. said it is cutting about 2,000 jobs across North America in an effort to help it compete in an increasingly tough retail environment, partly due to the rise of e-commerce. ——— POLOZ SAYS LOW INTEREST RATES HAVE DONE THEIR JOB: The Bank of Canada is sending out more signals that it's moving closer to a hike in its benchmark interest rate as the economy continues to strengthen. Governor Stephen Poloz told the CBC in an interview broadcast Tuesday that rate cuts introduced by the bank amid the oil-price slump have done their job. The bank reduced its trend-setting rate twice in 2015 to the very low level of 0.5 per cent to help the economy as it struggled with the effects of the oil-price shock. Poloz's remarks come a day after the bank's second-highest ranking official indicated the governing council is assessing whether the considerable stimulus from the low rates is still required. Senior deputy governor Carolyn Wilkins said in recent months the economy has registered impressive, broad-based gains not seen since before the oil-price collapse nearly three years ago. Analysts say these types of comments suggest the bank is beginning to assess when, not if, the bank might introduce its first rate increase in nearly seven years. ——— CANADA CONSULTED ALLIES OVER CHINESE TAKEOVER OF NORSAT: Economic Development Minister Navdeep Bains says the security review done on the Chinese takeover of a Vancouver tech firm included consultations with Canadian allies. His comments come as some warning flags about the deal are popping up in the United States, whose military is one of the biggest customers of Norsat International, maker of satellite receivers for security and military use. A spokesperson for the U.S. Department of Defense told The Canadian Press today the Pentagon couldn't comment on the matter specifically. But they emphasized that transfers of sensitive technologies should be vetted carefully for security risks to the United States. Canada's opposition parties accuse the Liberal government of approving the deal without a full security review, a move they say was meant to appease China ahead of possible free trade negotiations. Bains says the review that was done was thorough and insists there are no risks to national security from the plan. ——— NEW MILITARY HELICOPTERS BACK IN SERVICE: The Royal Canadian Air Force has resumed limited flights on its new Cyclone helicopters after a software problem grounded the aircraft for nine weeks and created delays in training air crew. Col. Peter Allan, wing commander of the Shearwater base in Halifax, said Tuesday the fleet of three CH-148 helicopters resumed training flights on May 15 after ceasing flying on March 12. The Sikorsky-built Cyclones are the much-delayed replacements for the Sea King helicopters, which remain in service after more than a half-century but are scheduled to be retired next year. Allan said it will take about six months to fix the software glitch that caused a computerized flight control system to momentarily restart and sent the aircraft into a sudden and brief loss of altitude on March 9. Described originally as a "severe bump," the problem corrected itself and the pilot safely landed the plane. Allan says while the software redesign is underway there are some limits on operations of the Cyclones, but he adds they won't affect the ability of air crew to continue most training requirements. ——— NO CLEAR MOTIVE FOR LA LOCHE SHOOTING, HEARING TOLD: A child psychiatrist says it's not clear why a teen killed four people and injured seven in a shooting that devastated the northern Saskatchewan community of La Loche in January 2016. Dr. Declan Quinn, who met with the teen four times, testified for the Crown as a court hearing resumed Tuesday to determine whether the teen will be sentenced as an adult or a youth. "I'm as puzzled now as I was the first day I met him," Quinn said. The teen pleaded guilty earlier this year to killing two brothers in a home in La Loche before shooting up the school where a teacher and an aide died. Quinn said he was concerned that the teen was preoccupied with school shootings in the United States, specifically in Columbine, but the youth didn't want to talk about those shootings or his own. The teen's lawyer, Aaron Fox, has said there isn't a simple explanation for what happened, but added his client does have cognitive, social and developmental issues. ——— RESEARCHERS TO STUDY DUST AFTER FORT MCMURRAY FIRE: Ontario researchers are going to Alberta next month to study dust left in homes from the forest fire that ravaged Fort McMurray last year. University of Toronto engineering professor Arthur Chan says his team will look for heavy metals and carcinogens in dust that has collected in homes in the area. He says he has received overwhelming interest from concerned homeowners who have offered their places to be tested. Chan says his team was hoping to collect samples from 40 homes, but residents of 220 homes say they'll open doors to the researchers. Chan says they'll use a modified vacuum and swabs to collect the samples. The team's work is among several studies that are being conducted on the health effects of the ferocious blaze that forced more than 80,000 people to flee. ——— WAYWARD WHALE TO BE MOVED FROM NEW BRUNSWICK RIVER: Animal rescuers hope to capture and relocate an endangered beluga whale that has been making its home in a northern New Brunswick river for several weeks. Tonya Wimmer of the Marine Animal Response Society says they hope to relocate the juvenile whale from the Nepisiguit River to the St. Lawrence Estuary near Cacouna, Que. She says that's where other beluga whales usually spend their summer months. Wimmer says it's unknown why this whale went off on its own and decided to stay in the fresh water river. She says the whale — about two metres long — appears healthy for now, but shows no indication it plans to leave the river on its own. Wimmer says capturing, moving and releasing the whale will be risky, but officials have determined it is the best option. The whale will be equipped with a tracking device so scientists can observe where it goes. Advertisement Advertise With Us Report Error Submit a Tip RefundRefund You can comment on most stories on winnipegfreepress.com. You can also agree or disagree with other comments. All you need to do is be a Winnipeg Free Press print or e-edition subscriber to join the conversation and give your feedback. Have Your Say Display comments New to commenting? Check out our Frequently Asked Questions. Have Your Say Comments are open to Winnipeg Free Press print or e-edition subscribers only. why? Log in Subscribe Have Your Say Comments are open to Winnipeg Free Press Subscribers only. why? Subscribe The Winnipeg Free Press does not necessarily endorse any of the views posted. By submitting your comment, you agree to our Terms and Conditions. These terms were revised effective January 2015. Photo Store Scroll down to load more Top
Rogers Media uses cookies for personalization, to customize its online advertisements, and for other purposes. Learn more or change your cookie preferences. Rogers Media supports the Digital Advertising Alliance principles. By continuing to use our service, you agree to our use of cookies. We use cookies (why?) You can change cookie preferences. Continued site use signifies consent. City Cityline Breakfast Television News Local Athlete of the Week National GTA Sports Sportsnet Entertainment Life Video Weather Extras News Tips News Alerts Inside CityNews Our Team About Us Contact Us Apps LISTEN LIVE LOCAL VIDEO NEWS TIPS Loading articles... The Tuesday news briefing: An at-a-glance survey of some top stories by The Canadian Press Posted Jun 13, 2017 4:24 pm EDT Last Updated Jun 13, 2017 at 5:00 pm EDT National Highlights from the news file for Tuesday, June 13 ——— FEDS SET TO MEET WITH FIGHTER JET MAKERS: Federal officials are expected to sit down with different fighter jet manufacturers in Paris next week. The meetings are being billed as the first step towards the eventual launch of a competition in 2019 to replace Canada’s aging CF-18 fleet with 88 new fighters. But they also come as uncertainty remains over the Liberals’ plan to buy 18 Super Hornets from U.S. aerospace giant Boeing in the meantime. The government has threatened to scrap that plan in retaliation for Boeing’s trade dispute with Canadian rival Bombardier. That sets the stage for Boeing’s competitors to use the Paris meetings as an opportunity to pitch their own aircraft should the government follow through on its threat. For its part, Boeing says it continues to work with the U.S. government to sell the Super Hornets to Canada. ——— HATE CRIMES IN CANADA UP IN 2015, STATSCAN SAYS: Statistics Canada says hate crimes in Canada rose by five per cent in 2015. The agency says the rise is largely due to an increase in incidents targeting certain groups, specifically the Muslim population and Arabs or West Asians. In 2015, police reported 1,362 criminal incidents motivated by hate, 67 more than the previous year, according to the data published Tuesday. Police-reported hate crimes targeting the Muslim population rose from 99 incidents in 2014 to 159 incidents in 2015, while crimes targeting the Jewish population declined from 213 in 2014 to 178 in 2015. StatsCan says eight of 10 provinces reported an increase in the number of police-reported hate crimes from 2014 to 2015. The increase was most pronounced in Alberta, which the agency notes reported an overall increase in their 2015 crime statistics. ——— ‘SIGNIFICANT DOUBT’ FOR FUTURE OF SEARS CANADA: Sears Canada, known for its catalogues that were a household staple for generations, said Tuesday there is “significant doubt” about its future and it could sell or restructure itself. The struggling retailer, which tried to reinvent itself last year with a new corporate logo, said it doesn’t expect to have enough cash flow over the next 12 months to meet its obligations. It’s the latest sign of how the retail sector is being upended by numerous factors, including the rise of online shopping. Its shares tanked, down 22 per cent to 89 cents in midday trading on the Toronto Stock Exchange. The company’s executive leadership has been a veritable revolving door, having gone through several changes over the last four years. Last week, rival Hudson’s Bay Co. said it is cutting about 2,000 jobs across North America in an effort to help it compete in an increasingly tough retail environment, partly due to the rise of e-commerce. ——— POLOZ SAYS LOW INTEREST RATES HAVE DONE THEIR JOB: The Bank of Canada is sending out more signals that it’s moving closer to a hike in its benchmark interest rate as the economy continues to strengthen. Governor Stephen Poloz told the CBC in an interview broadcast Tuesday that rate cuts introduced by the bank amid the oil-price slump have done their job. The bank reduced its trend-setting rate twice in 2015 to the very low level of 0.5 per cent to help the economy as it struggled with the effects of the oil-price shock. Poloz’s remarks come a day after the bank’s second-highest ranking official indicated the governing council is assessing whether the considerable stimulus from the low rates is still required. Senior deputy governor Carolyn Wilkins said in recent months the economy has registered impressive, broad-based gains not seen since before the oil-price collapse nearly three years ago. Analysts say these types of comments suggest the bank is beginning to assess when, not if, the bank might introduce its first rate increase in nearly seven years. ——— CANADA CONSULTED ALLIES OVER CHINESE TAKEOVER OF NORSAT: Economic Development Minister Navdeep Bains says the security review done on the Chinese takeover of a Vancouver tech firm included consultations with Canadian allies. His comments come as some warning flags about the deal are popping up in the United States, whose military is one of the biggest customers of Norsat International, maker of satellite receivers for security and military use. A spokesperson for the U.S. Department of Defense told The Canadian Press today the Pentagon couldn’t comment on the matter specifically. But they emphasized that transfers of sensitive technologies should be vetted carefully for security risks to the United States. Canada’s opposition parties accuse the Liberal government of approving the deal without a full security review, a move they say was meant to appease China ahead of possible free trade negotiations. Bains says the review that was done was thorough and insists there are no risks to national security from the plan. ——— NEW MILITARY HELICOPTERS BACK IN SERVICE: The Royal Canadian Air Force has resumed limited flights on its new Cyclone helicopters after a software problem grounded the aircraft for nine weeks and created delays in training air crew. Col. Peter Allan, wing commander of the Shearwater base in Halifax, said Tuesday the fleet of three CH-148 helicopters resumed training flights on May 15 after ceasing flying on March 12. The Sikorsky-built Cyclones are the much-delayed replacements for the Sea King helicopters, which remain in service after more than a half-century but are scheduled to be retired next year. Allan said it will take about six months to fix the software glitch that caused a computerized flight control system to momentarily restart and sent the aircraft into a sudden and brief loss of altitude on March 9. Described originally as a “severe bump,” the problem corrected itself and the pilot safely landed the plane. Allan says while the software redesign is underway there are some limits on operations of the Cyclones, but he adds they won’t affect the ability of air crew to continue most training requirements. ——— NO CLEAR MOTIVE FOR LA LOCHE SHOOTING, HEARING TOLD: A child psychiatrist says it’s not clear why a teen killed four people and injured seven in a shooting that devastated the northern Saskatchewan community of La Loche in January 2016. Dr. Declan Quinn, who met with the teen four times, testified for the Crown as a court hearing resumed Tuesday to determine whether the teen will be sentenced as an adult or a youth. “I’m as puzzled now as I was the first day I met him,” Quinn said. The teen pleaded guilty earlier this year to killing two brothers in a home in La Loche before shooting up the school where a teacher and an aide died. Quinn said he was concerned that the teen was preoccupied with school shootings in the United States, specifically in Columbine, but the youth didn’t want to talk about those shootings or his own. The teen’s lawyer, Aaron Fox, has said there isn’t a simple explanation for what happened, but added his client does have cognitive, social and developmental issues. ——— RESEARCHERS TO STUDY DUST AFTER FORT MCMURRAY FIRE: Ontario researchers are going to Alberta next month to study dust left in homes from the forest fire that ravaged Fort McMurray last year. University of Toronto engineering professor Arthur Chan says his team will look for heavy metals and carcinogens in dust that has collected in homes in the area. He says he has received overwhelming interest from concerned homeowners who have offered their places to be tested. Chan says his team was hoping to collect samples from 40 homes, but residents of 220 homes say they’ll open doors to the researchers. Chan says they’ll use a modified vacuum and swabs to collect the samples. The team’s work is among several studies that are being conducted on the health effects of the ferocious blaze that forced more than 80,000 people to flee. ——— WAYWARD WHALE TO BE MOVED FROM NEW BRUNSWICK RIVER: Animal rescuers hope to capture and relocate an endangered beluga whale that has been making its home in a northern New Brunswick river for several weeks. Tonya Wimmer of the Marine Animal Response Society says they hope to relocate the juvenile whale from the Nepisiguit River to the St. Lawrence Estuary near Cacouna, Que. She says that’s where other beluga whales usually spend their summer months. Wimmer says it’s unknown why this whale went off on its own and decided to stay in the fresh water river. She says the whale — about two metres long — appears healthy for now, but shows no indication it plans to leave the river on its own. Wimmer says capturing, moving and releasing the whale will be risky, but officials have determined it is the best option. The whale will be equipped with a tracking device so scientists can observe where it goes. Join the conversation Cancel reply Sign in to comment. You're logged in as . Edit Profile | Logout. Loading profile... Unexpected error. Please try again. Notice: Your email may not yet have been verified. Please check your email, click the link to verify your address, and then submit your comment. If you can't find this email, access your profile editor to re-send the confirmation email. You must have a verified email to submit a comment. Once you have done so, check again. Comment Please read our commenting policies Listen Now 680 NEWS live --:-- LOCAL NATIONAL Ontario looks at using hydrogen fuel cells to power electric GO trains Jun 15, 2017, 12:00 PM Toronto cop killer living in community; officer's widow outraged Jun 15, 2017, 11:20 AM Lots to do to celebrate No. 1 dad this weekend Jun 15, 2017, 11:02 AM Scrapyard fire closes Fenmar Drive at Weston Road Jun 15, 2017, 8:11 AM 120 arrested in raids across Ontario targeting Driftwood Crips Jun 15, 2017, 6:47 AM Pickering man drowns at Port Colborne beach Jun 15, 2017, 5:50 AM Husky Energy hired Natural Resource Minister Jim Carr's former chief of staff Jun 15, 2017, 3:12 PM What jury didn't hear at the trial of Halifax medical student William Sandeson Jun 15, 2017, 2:56 PM Murder suspect told Mounties he didn't know where God put two-year-old's body Jun 15, 2017, 2:43 PM B.C. father who killed his 3 children doesn't meet high-risk test: lawyer Jun 15, 2017, 2:33 PM Wildfire's return stalls recovery plans for Fort McMurray oilsands industry May 17, 2016, 8:06 AM Alberta premier says opponents should stand down if won't fight for human rights Jun 15, 2017, 2:25 PM LIFE SPORTSNET ENTERTAINMENT Women-only spa's 'no male genitals' rule ignites transgender debate Jun 14, 2017, 2:14 PM Buying travel insurance is key to stress-free vacationing: TICO Jun 13, 2017, 5:59 PM Flu shots help, but there's room for improvement: study Jun 13, 2017, 7:07 AM Workers return to Toronto Zoo ahead of Thursday reopening Jun 13, 2017, 6:43 AM Two missing men found safe Jun 13, 2017, 5:31 AM Update: Owners reunite with mysterious family photos found near Queen and Ossington Jun 12, 2017, 6:13 PM Jonathan Drouin trade likely means more coming from Canadiens’ Bergevin Jun 15, 2017, 9:12 PM Analyzing what Jonathan Drouin adds to the Canadiens’ lineup Jun 15, 2017, 5:02 PM Kings’ Drew Doughty could ‘test the waters’ in 2019 free agency Jun 15, 2017, 8:18 PM Canadiens sign Jonathan Drouin to six-year contract extension after trade Jun 15, 2017, 5:53 PM Twitter Reaction: Canadiens make a big splash by acquiring Drouin Jun 15, 2017, 4:17 PM Jury in Bill Cosby sex assault case studies his deposition Jun 13, 2017, 4:20 PM Canadian show 'Come From Away' wins Tony for best director of a musical Jun 11, 2017, 10:13 PM Batman actor Adam West dies at age 88 Jun 10, 2017, 11:54 AM LISTEN LIVE: ‘One Love Manchester’ concert Jun 04, 2017, 1:30 PM Pop star Ariana Grande visits fans in Manchester hospital Jun 03, 2017, 12:24 PM Home About Us Contact Us Download App Advertise with us Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service 333 Bloor Street East, Toronto, Ontario M4W 1G9 © 2002-2017 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifiying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *}
MetroNews Canada MetroNews Canada Sorry, MetroNews.ca requires JavaScript. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and refresh the page for an optimal experience. Home News Calgary Edmonton Halifax Ottawa Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg Canada World Views Entertainment Life Food Money Health Travel Technology Careers Wheels.ca Business Sports Your Home Horoscopes Games Features Special Features Contests Flyers News / Canada The Tuesday news briefing: An at-a-glance survey of some top stories Share on Facebook A A Report an Error Share via Email Print A pilot positions a CF-18 Hornet at the CFB Cold Lake, in Cold Lake, Alberta on October 21, 2014. Federal officials are expected to sit down with different fighter jet manufacturers in Paris next week. The meetings are being billed as the first step towards the eventual launch of a competition in 2019 to replace Canada's aging CF-18 fleet with 88 new fighters. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Jason Franson By: Staff The Canadian Press Published on Highlights from the news file for Tuesday, June 13 ——— FEDS SET TO MEET WITH FIGHTER JET MAKERS: Federal officials are expected to sit down with different fighter jet manufacturers in Paris next week. The meetings are being billed as the first step towards the eventual launch of a competition in 2019 to replace Canada's aging CF-18 fleet with 88 new fighters. But they also come as uncertainty remains over the Liberals' plan to buy 18 Super Hornets from U.S. aerospace giant Boeing in the meantime. The government has threatened to scrap that plan in retaliation for Boeing's trade dispute with Canadian rival Bombardier. That sets the stage for Boeing's competitors to use the Paris meetings as an opportunity to pitch their own aircraft should the government follow through on its threat. For its part, Boeing says it continues to work with the U.S. government to sell the Super Hornets to Canada. ——— HATE CRIMES IN CANADA UP IN 2015, STATSCAN SAYS: Statistics Canada says hate crimes in Canada rose by five per cent in 2015. The agency says the rise is largely due to an increase in incidents targeting certain groups, specifically the Muslim population and Arabs or West Asians. In 2015, police reported 1,362 criminal incidents motivated by hate, 67 more than the previous year, according to the data published Tuesday. Police-reported hate crimes targeting the Muslim population rose from 99 incidents in 2014 to 159 incidents in 2015, while crimes targeting the Jewish population declined from 213 in 2014 to 178 in 2015. StatsCan says eight of 10 provinces reported an increase in the number of police-reported hate crimes from 2014 to 2015. The increase was most pronounced in Alberta, which the agency notes reported an overall increase in their 2015 crime statistics. ——— 'SIGNIFICANT DOUBT' FOR FUTURE OF SEARS CANADA: Sears Canada, known for its catalogues that were a household staple for generations, said Tuesday there is "significant doubt" about its future and it could sell or restructure itself. The struggling retailer, which tried to reinvent itself last year with a new corporate logo, said it doesn't expect to have enough cash flow over the next 12 months to meet its obligations. It's the latest sign of how the retail sector is being upended by numerous factors, including the rise of online shopping. Its shares tanked, down 22 per cent to 89 cents in midday trading on the Toronto Stock Exchange. The company's executive leadership has been a veritable revolving door, having gone through several changes over the last four years. Last week, rival Hudson's Bay Co. said it is cutting about 2,000 jobs across North America in an effort to help it compete in an increasingly tough retail environment, partly due to the rise of e-commerce. ——— POLOZ SAYS LOW INTEREST RATES HAVE DONE THEIR JOB: The Bank of Canada is sending out more signals that it's moving closer to a hike in its benchmark interest rate as the economy continues to strengthen. Governor Stephen Poloz told the CBC in an interview broadcast Tuesday that rate cuts introduced by the bank amid the oil-price slump have done their job. The bank reduced its trend-setting rate twice in 2015 to the very low level of 0.5 per cent to help the economy as it struggled with the effects of the oil-price shock. Poloz's remarks come a day after the bank's second-highest ranking official indicated the governing council is assessing whether the considerable stimulus from the low rates is still required. Senior deputy governor Carolyn Wilkins said in recent months the economy has registered impressive, broad-based gains not seen since before the oil-price collapse nearly three years ago. Analysts say these types of comments suggest the bank is beginning to assess when, not if, the bank might introduce its first rate increase in nearly seven years. ——— CANADA CONSULTED ALLIES OVER CHINESE TAKEOVER OF NORSAT: Economic Development Minister Navdeep Bains says the security review done on the Chinese takeover of a Vancouver tech firm included consultations with Canadian allies. His comments come as some warning flags about the deal are popping up in the United States, whose military is one of the biggest customers of Norsat International, maker of satellite receivers for security and military use. A spokesperson for the U.S. Department of Defense told The Canadian Press today the Pentagon couldn't comment on the matter specifically. But they emphasized that transfers of sensitive technologies should be vetted carefully for security risks to the United States. Canada's opposition parties accuse the Liberal government of approving the deal without a full security review, a move they say was meant to appease China ahead of possible free trade negotiations. Bains says the review that was done was thorough and insists there are no risks to national security from the plan. ——— NEW MILITARY HELICOPTERS BACK IN SERVICE: The Royal Canadian Air Force has resumed limited flights on its new Cyclone helicopters after a software problem grounded the aircraft for nine weeks and created delays in training air crew. Col. Peter Allan, wing commander of the Shearwater base in Halifax, said Tuesday the fleet of three CH-148 helicopters resumed training flights on May 15 after ceasing flying on March 12. The Sikorsky-built Cyclones are the much-delayed replacements for the Sea King helicopters, which remain in service after more than a half-century but are scheduled to be retired next year. Allan said it will take about six months to fix the software glitch that caused a computerized flight control system to momentarily restart and sent the aircraft into a sudden and brief loss of altitude on March 9. Described originally as a "severe bump," the problem corrected itself and the pilot safely landed the plane. Allan says while the software redesign is underway there are some limits on operations of the Cyclones, but he adds they won't affect the ability of air crew to continue most training requirements. ——— NO CLEAR MOTIVE FOR LA LOCHE SHOOTING, HEARING TOLD: A child psychiatrist says it's not clear why a teen killed four people and injured seven in a shooting that devastated the northern Saskatchewan community of La Loche in January 2016. Dr. Declan Quinn, who met with the teen four times, testified for the Crown as a court hearing resumed Tuesday to determine whether the teen will be sentenced as an adult or a youth. "I'm as puzzled now as I was the first day I met him," Quinn said. The teen pleaded guilty earlier this year to killing two brothers in a home in La Loche before shooting up the school where a teacher and an aide died. Quinn said he was concerned that the teen was preoccupied with school shootings in the United States, specifically in Columbine, but the youth didn't want to talk about those shootings or his own. The teen's lawyer, Aaron Fox, has said there isn't a simple explanation for what happened, but added his client does have cognitive, social and developmental issues. ——— RESEARCHERS TO STUDY DUST AFTER FORT MCMURRAY FIRE: Ontario researchers are going to Alberta next month to study dust left in homes from the forest fire that ravaged Fort McMurray last year. University of Toronto engineering professor Arthur Chan says his team will look for heavy metals and carcinogens in dust that has collected in homes in the area. He says he has received overwhelming interest from concerned homeowners who have offered their places to be tested. Chan says his team was hoping to collect samples from 40 homes, but residents of 220 homes say they'll open doors to the researchers. Chan says they'll use a modified vacuum and swabs to collect the samples. The team's work is among several studies that are being conducted on the health effects of the ferocious blaze that forced more than 80,000 people to flee. ——— WAYWARD WHALE TO BE MOVED FROM NEW BRUNSWICK RIVER: Animal rescuers hope to capture and relocate an endangered beluga whale that has been making its home in a northern New Brunswick river for several weeks. Tonya Wimmer of the Marine Animal Response Society says they hope to relocate the juvenile whale from the Nepisiguit River to the St. Lawrence Estuary near Cacouna, Que. She says that's where other beluga whales usually spend their summer months. Wimmer says it's unknown why this whale went off on its own and decided to stay in the fresh water river. She says the whale — about two metres long — appears healthy for now, but shows no indication it plans to leave the river on its own. Wimmer says capturing, moving and releasing the whale will be risky, but officials have determined it is the best option. The whale will be equipped with a tracking device so scientists can observe where it goes.   Editors' Picks Toronto's giant dog fountain a big hit for people and puppies alike Many Indigenous people see little reason to celebrate Canada’s 150th birthday Canadian company helps amputees take a step in a fashion-forward direction Metro Cities: These Mumbai engineers are turning soot into ink and unleashing the art in pollution More on Metronews.ca Most Popular Toronto's giant dog fountain a big hit for people and puppies alike B.C. trangender rights activist on why Bill C-16 matters 'I never heard brakes:' Woman dead after being hit by CN train in Bedford $1,225 a month for a windowless shed? Only in Vancouver Back to Mobile About About Us Contact Careers RSS Feeds Terms Advertising Terms Terms and Conditions Privacy Code Metronews.ca My Metro Store Contests Metro Panel Special Features FAQ © Copyright Free Daily News Group Inc. 2001-2017 Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy
Search the print archives This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com News Canada Feds set to meet with fighter jet firms as questions swirl over ‘interim’ Super Hornet deal Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan on Monday said the government was still reviewing its decision to buy 18 “interim” Super Hornets from U.S. aerospace firm Boeing. The meetings between feds and representatives from different fighter jet makers in the Paris Air Show are being billed as the first step towards the eventual launch of a competition to replace Canada’s aging CF-18 fleet with 88 new fighters.   (U.S. Navy / GETTY IMAGES)   By Lee BerthiaumeThe Canadian Press Tues., June 13, 2017 OTTAWA—Federal officials are expected to sit down with representatives from different fighter jet makers in Paris next week, as uncertainty swirls over the Trudeau government’s plan to buy “interim” Super Hornets. The meetings on the sidelines of the prestigious Paris Air Show are being billed as the first step towards the eventual launch of a competition to replace Canada’s aging CF-18 fleet with 88 new fighters. That is how many warplanes the Liberals’ new defence policy calls for Canada to buy, an increase from the 65 previously promised by the Conservatives under Stephen Harper. Read more: Ottawa says it will review Boeing military bid amid legal battle with Bombardier Article Continued Below Fighter jet talks ‘suspended’ with Boeing amid its trade spat with Bombardier, Ottawa says The policy estimates the cost at between $15 billion and $19 billion, up from the $9 billion previously budgeted by the Tories. But while much of the attention will be on the competition, which the government says it will launch in 2019, the companies are also expected to pitch their own ability to sell Canada “interim” jets if needed. Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan on Monday said the government was still reviewing its decision to buy 18 “interim” Super Hornets from U.S. aerospace firm Boeing. The Liberals previously said they needed the Super Hornets to address a critical shortage of fighter jets, referred to as a “capability gap,” until the full competition to replace the CF-18s could be run. The government said at the time that the Super Hornet was the only aircraft that met its immediate requirements, including being compatible with U.S. fighters and not in development. But that was before Boeing complained to the U.S. Commerce Department about Canadian aerospace firm Bombardier, sparking a trade dispute and threats from the Liberals to kill the Super Hornet deal. The plan to purchase an interim fighter jet has been unpopular with retired military officers and defence officials as well as analysts, who have instead called for the competition to start now rather than in 2019. A survey of 75 such experts conducted by the Macdonald-Laurier Institute and released on Tuesday found that the vast majority didn’t believe there was a capability gap, and opposed the plan to buy interim jets. But a senior government official told The Canadian Press that the Liberals have no intention of backing away from their plan to buy an interim fighter — even if it means going with a different jet. Sources say the government has not actually approached any of Boeing’s competitors about stepping into the breach if the Liberals decide to scrap the Super Hornet deal. But the Paris meetings offer an opportunity for U.S. defence giant Lockheed Martin, French firm Dassault, Swedish company Saab, and European consortium Eurofighter to make their best pitches on the issue. Each has indicated that it is prepared to provide interim fighter jets upon request. The government’s delegation will be led by Maj.-Gen. Alain Pelletier, head of National Defence’s fighter program, and Lisa Campbell, who oversees military procurement at the federal procurement department. While sources say meetings with Boeing’s competitors have been set up, it wasn’t immediately clear whether the delegation would sit down with the Super Hornet manufacturer as well. That is despite Boeing’s plan to enter the Super Hornet in the full competition to replace the CF-18s. Public Services and Procurement Canada spokesman Pierre-Alain Bujold said in an email that details of the delegation, including its schedule for the Paris Air Show, were still being finalized. “Canada is committed to fair and transparent procurement processes,” Bujold added. “Supplier engagement and industry feedback are important elements of PSPC’s work.” The Liberals have cut off most contact with Boeing since the government threatened to cancel the planned Super Hornet purchase over of the company’s spat with Bombardier last month. Boeing spokesman Scott Day said in a statement that the company continues to work closely with the U.S. Navy, through which any sale of interim Super Hornets to Canada would actually be arranged. The government also recently paid another $30 million to remain at the table as a partner in the development of the F-35, and largely backed off its promise never to buy that stealth fighter. Delivered dailyThe Morning Headlines Newsletter Subscribe The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, One Yonge Street, 4th Floor, Toronto, ON, M5E 1E6. You can unsubscribe at any time. Please contact us or see our privacy policy for more information. More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com 18°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs Pop-up IKEA café coming to Queen St. W. For two weeks, shoppers won’t have to head to the suburbs to get a fix of the Swedish furniture store’s famous meatballs. News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: Canada 150 Missing Women Donald Trump Book Reviews Panama Papers Weather Blog Fresh Air Fund Follow us: Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store StarAuctions Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2017 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, One Yonge Street, 4th floor, Toronto, ON, M5E 1E6
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU About The Company Bloomberg London Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Latest Issue Debrief Podcast Subscribe More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Sign In Sign In Subscribe Jack Welch's Handover at GE Triggered a New Generation of U.S. CEOs by Rick Clough More stories by Rick Clough June 13, 2017, 3:01 PM EDT Immelt successor chosen this week with intent to avoid exodus Manufacturer’s alumni have run Boeing, Home Depot, Honeywell General Electric Co. created a generation of corporate bosses when former Chief Executive Officer Jack Welch selected Jeffrey Immelt as his successor in 2000, a move that kicked off an exodus of skilled managers. Immelt’s runners-up in that decision went on to run Boeing Co. and Home Depot Inc. An earlier winnowing prompted the departure of an executive who ended up running Honeywell International Inc. John Flannery Photographer: Prashanth Vishwanathan/Bloomberg Now, as Immelt prepares to hand the reins to John Flannery, the company is trying to avoid the same results. Where Welch had a high-profile bake-off -- and even said publicly he expected the losers to leave GE -- the company kept its latest deliberations under wraps until the announcement this week. The goal was to to “avoid the disruption of having very senior leaders immediately depart,” said Deane Dray, an analyst with RBC Capital Markets. “Maybe that was the norm 15 years ago, but GE vowed that they would not repeat that,” said Deane Dray, an analyst with RBC Capital Markets. The company didn’t identify who else was under consideration. But Jeff Bornstein, the chief financial officer who was said to be a finalist for the top post, was promoted to vice chair. Immelt stressed the importance of “the Flannery-Bornstein partnership,” and said the succession shouldn’t be a repeat of the process he won when Welch stepped down. “This is being done in a different way,” Immelt said in a conference call with investors Monday. “We’ve got a good transition under way and good replacements in place and a deep bench.” Still, Boston-based GE is still seen as a top incubator of management talent. The corporate landscape is overflowing with GE alumni running major companies: Jim McNerney Photographer: Prashanth Vishwanathan/Bloomberg Jim McNerney Jr. McNerney jumped to 3M Co. as chairman and CEO shortly after the Immelt decision. He became CEO of Boeing in 2005, bringing Welch’s focus on financial discipline to the U.S. planemaker after early stumbles with the 787 Dreamliner, the company’s costliest jetliner. He stepped down in 2015, when Dennis Muilenburg took over. Robert Nardelli Photographer: Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg Robert Nardelli A Welch protege who joined GE in 1971 and eventually ran the power systems division, Nardelli left the company almost immediately after he was passed over for CEO in favor of Immelt. He became CEO of Home Depot, where he stayed until 2007, and later ran Chrysler. Dave Cote Photographer: Christopher Goodney/Bloomberg Dave Cote After Welch told Cote at a private dinner he wasn’t among the finalist for GE’s top job, the then-chief of GE’s appliances unit left the company in 1999. Following a brief stint as CEO of auto-parts maker TRW Inc., Cote took over at Honeywell International Inc. in 2002. He handed the CEO reins to Darius Adamczyk in March and will remain chairman until next year. Scott Donnelly In a 19-year career at GE, Donnelly rose to head of the prominent aviation unit. He was named CEO of Textron Inc. in 2009 after spending 18 months as chief operating officer. Donnelly steered Textron and its flagship private-aircraft maker Cessna through a business jet slump. With investment in new planes including the Latitude, Cessna’s shipments have risen since 2013, bucking an industry trend. David Calhoun Photographer:Charles Pertwee/Bloomberg David Calhoun Calhoun left GE in 2006 after a 27-year career in which he had run most of the major businesses including transportation, aircraft engines, lighting and reinsurance. He became CEO of VNU, a media company owned by a group of private-equity firms including Blackstone Group and KKR & Co. VNU changed its name to Nielsen in January 2007. Calhoun stepped down in 2014 to head Blackstone’s private equity operations. Kevin McAllister After joining GE in 1989, McAllister worked his way up in the jet-engine unit and became CEO of the services business. A potential candidate to run GE Aviation, he was snatched by Boeing last year to head the company’s $65 billion commercial airplane division. Tom Gentile Gentile has been president and CEO of Spirit AeroSystems Holdings Inc., Boeing’s largest supplier, since 2015. He previously served as chief operating officer for GE Capital, led GE’s health-care systems business and ran GE Aviation’s Services division. Lorenzo Simonelli Photographer: Matthew Busch/Bloomberg Lorenzo Simonelli The Italian-born head of GE Oil & Gas joined the company in 1994 and analysts considered him to be a possible replacement for Immelt. Simonelli will become CEO of Baker Hughes following the close of a merger of the company and GE’s oil unit. He won’t be leaving the GE family entirely, though: GE will own 62.5 percent of the combined company. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Solar Power Will Kill Coal Faster Than You Think Bitcoin Tumbles Most in More Than Two Years After Record Run U.S. Stocks Slip on Tech Drop, Dollar Up After Fed: Markets Wrap Fed Raises Rates, Maintains Forecast for One More Hike Message Startup Slack Draws Interest From Amazon.com Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Log In News Weather On Air Events Photos Blogs Podcasts Search Submit Search Magnifiying glass search icon 710 WDSM on Facebook Facebook logo 710 WDSM on twitter Twitter logo Skip to main content The Talk of the North 710 AM 98.1 FM Duluth, Minnesota Log In Menu News Weather On Air Events Photos Blogs Podcasts Submit Search Magnifiying glass search icon 710 WDSM on Facebook Facebook logo 710 WDSM on twitter Twitter logo Current Show The Larry Elder Show 2AM–5AM Upcoming Shows Next Show The Hugh Hewitt Show 5AM–7AM Neill Atkins 7AM–8AM "Sound Off" with Brad B... 8AM–11AM Current Weather (55811) 57° Search Our Site Search Submit Search Magnifiying glass search icon The Larry Elder Show 2AM–5AM News Tall people be relieved! American Air to cut leg room by one inch, not two Tall people be relieved! American Air to cut leg room by one inch, not two Tuesday, June 13, 2017 3:21 p.m. CDT People walk past an American Airlines office, which is not operational yet, in Havana, Cuba, October 26, 2016. REUTERS/Alexandre Meneghini By David Shepardson WASHINGTON (Reuters) - In a move likely to relieve taller air travelers, American Airlines Group Inc will reduce leg room by one inch instead of two as originally planned on some seats in its Boeing 737 MAX jets. Last month American said it would shrink the distance between some seat backs, or pitch, on its new Boeing Co 737 MAX jets from the minimum of 31 inches on its current 737-800 fleet, to 29 inches. The backlash was swift at a time when relations between U.S. airlines and their passengers have sunk to a new low. In an internal email reviewed by Reuters on Tuesday, the company said it had "received a lot of feedback from both customers and team members" and said it had decided to space all main cabin rows with at least 30 inches of pitch. The company said "airline customers feel increasingly frustrated by their experiences and less valued when they fly. We can be leaders in helping to turn around that perception, and that includes reviewing decisions that have significant impact on the flying experience." Doug Kidd, executive director of the National Association of Airline Passengers, said American’s decision “is a move in the right direction” but added airlines should do more and charge more if needed. "It's those last few inches that make the difference," he said. The MAX will still be configured with 172 seats, up from 160 on the current 737-800s, but the airline will add the space by switching one row of premium seats to main cabin seating, the email said. American, which plans to start taking delivery of the MAX in the fall, said the new seat is designed to "feel more spacious so a 30 inch pitch will feel more like today’s 31 inches." The change may be made to other American aircraft. United Airlines President Scott Kirby said in May at a congressional hearing the airline had not made a "final decision" about whether to cut pitch to 29 inches in some seats. Nearly all United seats currently have at least 31 inches of pitch. At the congressional hearing in May, airline executives faced scathing criticism for their customer service, after the furor surrounding a passenger being dragged from a full United Airlines plane to make room for airline employees. (Reporting by David Shepardson; Editing by Chris Sanders and Steve Orlofsky) Comments Top Stories maurices Lays Off Ten Positions in Duluth as part of ascena workforce reduction Thursday, June 15 Essentia Health Fitness Expo At DECC Begins Thursday Thursday, June 15 Clayton-Jackson-McGhie Day Of Remembrance In Duluth Thursday, June 15 Jacobsen Named As KBJR 6 And CBS-3 News Director Thursday, June 15 Storm Water Pollution Meeting In Duluth Thursday, June 15 News Sections Local State National World Local Sports Sports Politics Business Health Science Technology Entertainment Station Information © 2017 710 WDSM - WDSM The Talk of the North 710 WDSM on Facebook Facebook logo 710 WDSM on twitter Twitter logo Listen 710 AM in Duluth, Minnesota 98.1 FM in Duluth, Minnesota Contact Studio Line 1: 218-722-7500 Text Us at 84454 Advertise With Us Job Opportunities Contact Us More Privacy Policy (PDF) Terms of Use (PDF) Contest Rules EEO
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Top States 2017 Trailblazers Trading the World CNBC Disruptor 50 Lasting Legacy Modern Medicine College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Cambridge Cyber Summit Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Tour Net/Net Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Defense Business Earnings Transportation Defense Materials and Metals Boeing to make job cuts at defense unit as it looks to become more competitive Boeing will lay off 50 executives at its defense and space business by year's end as it looks to streamline its oversight process. The moves are focused on making Boeing more competitive and enable faster decision-making. Morgan Brennan | @MorganLBrennan Tuesday, 13 Jun 2017 | 4:20 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES Patrick T. Fallon | Bloomberg | Getty Images An employee works inside the cockpit of a C-17 Globemaster III military cargo jet being manufactured for the Indian Air Force. Boeing is taking further steps to restructure its defense and space business. The maker of F-18 fighter jets, Chinook helicopters and the Ground-based Midcourse Defense missile defense system will lay off 50 executives by year's end as it looks to streamline the oversight process. "We need to be an agile organization that is more responsive to customers' needs and committed to continually improving productivity," said Leanne Caret, CEO and president of Boeing's defense, space and security division, in a press release. Additionally, Boeing said its military aircraft and network and space systems segments will be broken out into four smaller units. The development, global operations and Phantom Works segments will remain largely unchanged. The move is the latest by Caret, who took the helm at BDS in early 2016, to revamp the unit. Last November, America's largest aerospace manufacturer announced it would consolidate some manufacturing operations, cutting 500 jobs over four years and shuttering two plants. In December, it said it would relocate the defense headquarters from St. Louis to Washington, D.C., to be closer to the Pentagon and lawmakers. The moves are centered on competitiveness and growth, adds Boeing spokesman Todd Blecher. show chapters Replacing the Navy's planes    Thursday, 4 May 2017 | 10:55 AM ET | 01:25 Tuesday's announced layoffs would eliminate a middle layer of managerial oversight to enable faster decision-making and cut down on internal company bureaucracy. The goal: bring down costs, boost affordability and ultimately make the second-largest U.S. defense contractor more competitive as it vies for a number of high-profile multibillion-dollar defense contracts. Across the sector, defense contractors are honing operations to become more nimble and thus more affordable as the Pentagon looks to rebuild the military with a close eye on cost. The defense, space and security segment accounts for nearly one-third of Boeing's sales. In April, the company forecast the unit would rack up as much as $29 billion in sales this year, with total revenue for the company expected to be $90.5 billion to $92.5 billion. The move Tuesday comes in the midst of a busy month for the sector. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis is meeting lawmakers this week in a flurry of hearings focused on the defense budget. On Monday evening the retired four-star general scolded Congress for failing to pass budgets on time and failing to do away with sequestration, saying "Congress as a whole has met the present challenge with lassitude, not leadership." Next week, Boeing, other aerospace companies and officials head to France for the Paris Air Show. Watch: Pro targeting Boeing at $200/share show chapters This pro is targeting Boeing at $200 per share, and here's why...    Wednesday, 26 Apr 2017 | 7:54 AM ET | 02:10 Morgan BrennanCNBC Reporter Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change BA --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
svfqtqvyfrqwtcqvy Military  &  Aerospace  Electronics Intelligent  Aerospace Innovators  Awards     X Subscribe | Advertise | About | Contact   COMPUTERSCYBERUNMANNEDSENSORSRF/ANALOGPOWERCOMMUNICATIONSTEST Home About Us Advertise Article Archives Contact Us Jobs Newsletters Subscribe Topics Adhesives & Encapsulants Aviation Technology C4ISR Cyber Security Electro-Optics Electronic Warfare Embedded Computing High-Reliability Electronics Interconnect Technology Land Technology Power Electronics RF & Microwave Sea Technology Space Technology Test & Measurement Topic Index Unmanned Vehicles Departments Curated Content Defense Executive Events Farnborough Report Headlines Life in the Military Mil & Aero Commentary Mil & Aero Wiki New Products News & Analysis Only in Mil & Aero Paris Air Show Report Press Releases Product Applications Product Focus Rapid Fire The Last Word Video Magazine BPA Statement Digital Magazine Edition Past Issues 2017 Editorial Calendar 2017 Media Kit Webcasts White Papers eBooks Buyer's Guide Categories Companies Products Get Listed Update Your Listing Videos 2016 Innovators Awards Video Showcase AUVSI Video Showcase Mobile Subscribe Computers Cyber Unmanned Sensors RF/Analog Power Communication Test   Home About Us Advertise Article Archives Contact Us Jobs Newsletters Subscribe Topics Adhesives & Encapsulants Aviation Technology C4ISR Cyber Security Electro-Optics Electronic Warfare Embedded Computing High-Reliability Electronics Interconnect Technology Land Technology Power Electronics RF & Microwave Sea Technology Space Technology Test & Measurement Topic Index Unmanned Vehicles Departments Curated Content Defense Executive Events Farnborough Report Headlines Life in the Military Mil & Aero Commentary Mil & Aero Wiki New Products News & Analysis Only in Mil & Aero Paris Air Show Report Press Releases Product Applications Product Focus Rapid Fire The Last Word Video Magazine BPA Statement Digital Magazine Edition Past Issues 2017 Editorial Calendar 2017 Media Kit Webcasts White Papers eBooks Buyer's Guide Categories Companies Products Get Listed Update Your Listing Videos 2016 Innovators Awards Video Showcase AUVSI Video Showcase Mobile Home Boeing reveals plans for fleet of giant robotic underwater military drones Boeing reveals plans for fleet of giant robotic underwater military drones June 13, 2017 HUNTINGTON BEACH, Calif. – Boeing's giant underwater military drone program has been given a boost after it announced a partnership with the US's largest shipbuilding company Huntington Ingalls, which will see the development of a fleet of futuristic unmanned vehicles. International Business Times reports. Continue reading original article The Military & Aerospace Electronics take: 13 June 2017 -- As part of the Navy's Advanced Undersea Prototyping program, Boeing is already working on the Echo Voyager -- a giant unmanned underwater vehicle (UUV) with the ability to fire missiles or stay underwater for months at a time to collect data. Shipbuilder Huntington Ingalls is expected to join the project of the 51-foot drone and will continue to collaborate on new undersea drones and vehicles. As the landscape of warfare is rapidly changing with the advent of autonomous technology, militaries around the globe are working on robotic offensive and defensive solutions, which is why the partnership with Huntington Ingalls is significant as it will boost the timeline to have products ready for action sooner. Aside from the Echo Voyager there were no hints as to what else the duo has in development, yet the partnership will aim to revolutionize the autonomous underwater vehicle sector. Related: Navy orders underwater drones that can mimic the behavior of quiet enemy diesel submarines Related: DARPA approaches industry for new kinds of underwater navigation for undersea drones and submarines Related: DARPA discovers GPS-like undersea drone connectivity for tough undersea navigation John Keller, chief editor Military & Aerospace Electronics Learn more: search the Aerospace & Defense Buyer's Guide for companies, new products, press releases, and videos Read More at Ibtimes [Native Advertisement] Sponsored Content is made possible by our sponsor; it does not necessarily reflect the views of our editorial staff. Get All the Military Aerospace Electronics News Delivered to Your Inbox or Your Mailbox Subscribe to Military Aerospace Electronics Magazine or email newsletter today at no cost and receive the latest information on: C4ISR Cyber Security Embedded Computing Unmanned Vehicles Free Newsletter Subscription Free Magazine Subscription Today's Headlines Lockheed Martin breaks silence on hypersonic SR-72, Blackbird’s successor aircraft Using IoT to stop terrorists and atom bombs Army protects next-generation navigation technology from cyber attacks Marine Corps to receive one RQ-21 unmanned aerial system (UAS) for battlefield reconn... An inside look at the Russian T-72B3M main battle tank Rugged Ethernet switches for harsh-environment military applications introduced by Nova Nuclear forces, command and control, sensors, information security top DOD budget res... Through upgrades, Boeing envisions longer utility of the F-15 jet fighter-bomber Lockheed Martin to build advanced threat radar to help F-35 pilots evade modern anti-... Editor's Picks Using IoT to stop terrorists and atom bombs Marine Corps to receive one RQ-21 unmanned aerial system (UAS) for battlefield reconnaissance Nuclear forces, command and control, sensors, information security top DOD budget research priorities Lockheed Martin to build advanced threat radar to help F-35 pilots evade modern anti-aircraft missiles Harris wins contract to provide Special Operations forces with new manpack radio Air Force orders secure IFF avionics from Raytheon to help safeguard U.S. military aircraft 2016 Innovators Awards Video Showcase Wind River Award-Winning ARINC 653 RTOS Wind River® VxWorks® 653 is the leading RTOS for ARINC 653 time/space separated systems and is proven in over 2... Rugged Airframe Cable Assemblies Today more than 75% of microwave cables fail frequently, with about 36% needing to be replaced once a year. GOR... Military & Aerospace Electronics 2016 Innovators Awards Program Platinum Level Winner: V-SHIELD® DC-DC converter packaging The Military & Aerospace Electronics Innovators Awards platinum level recognition is reserved for military ... Phoenix International Systems' RPC24 Ruggedized 2U Removable Magazine RAID is host OS independent and supports RAID 0, 1, 5, 6, 10, 50 and 60 levels... Curtiss-Wright M60 Main Battle Tank Turret Drive System Upgrade Upgrading M60 battle tanks with modern electro-mechanical turret drive systems provides a quick, cost-effective... Applied Avionics, Inc. – LOGIC Component Technology LOGIC Component Technology inside of VIVISUN® lighted pushbutton switches offers over 1,000,000 system integrat... Abaco's AXIS – Advanced Integrated Software Development Tools Recognized with a Gold Award by the Military & Aerospace Electronics Innovator's Awards program AXIS is a complete development environment designed to minimize the cost, risk and time-to-deployment of multi-... Magazine COVER STORY: The puzzle of RF co-site interference VIEW ISSUE NOW FREE SUBSCRIPTION Life in the Military Life in the Military Buyer's Guide Sponsored Products CRYSTAL 23: qualified multi-mission naval Console STANAG & MIL-STD-810 for surface ships and submarines CRYSTAL-23 is offering an ergonomic rugged working position for the most demanding command and control, fire control or situational awareness applications for surface ships / submarines. CRYSTAL-23 is ideal for systems with remote / local data computing and graphic processing located in the operator workstation. ECRIN Systems introduced during EURONAVAL PARIS in October 2016, its new CRYSTAL-23 naval console. It integrates an ergonomic screen size of 23 '' with a Full HD resolution 1920 x 1080 (16/9). TE Connectivity's (TE) Raychem Interconnect Solutions at ICC Interstate Connecting Components (ICC) is proud to be an authorized distributor for TE's Raychem division. A pioneer in radiation cross-linked polymer insulation, TE manufactures a broad range of electronic components for circuit protection, harnessing, insulation, identification, and more. TE's diverse Raychem portfolio includes connectors, data bus components, solder sleeves, heat shrinkable tubing, wire and cable, terminals and splices, and adhesives. Most of TE’s Raychem products are designed to perform in extreme environments.... 1/2 Featured Buyer's Guide Companies   Browse All Products | Browse All Companies | View Buyer's Guide Digital Edition | Add/Update Company Listing   Related Products There is no current content available. Related Companies There is no current content available. Webcasts Embedded Test Innovations for Aerospace, a Webinar Built-in test and diagnostics are crucial for the next generation of embedded test and control applications. This added functionality can help sense and diagnose failures, potentially saving lives, billions of dollars in liabilities, and... Sponsored by National Instruments United Electronic Industries Small rugged connectors designed for battlefield conditions Warfighters on the front lines have a lot to worry about, and the connectors linking them to networked radios, wearable computers, displays, weapons sights, and identification-friend-or-foe systems should be something else to worry about... Sponsored by Cinch Connectivity Solutions Fischer Connectors SA LEMO USA Omnetics Connector Corp. White Papers & Executive Briefs Heading-Hardware and Measurement Abstraction Layers Hardware abstraction layers (HALs) and measurement abstraction layers (MALs) are some of the most effective design pattern... Sponsored by National Instruments Xeon-D Vs Xeon-E for Embedded Radar Applications For airborne radars, longer, higher and further means more processing power in smaller, rugged packages. Processing power ... Sponsored by Mercury Systems Machine Learning Techniques for Extending BIT Coverage to Sensor Faults In this paper, we describe the problem of developing sensor fault detection within airborne instrumentation systems, and s... Sponsored by Curtiss-Wright Defense Solutions Browse Articles by Topic  Adhesives & Encapsulants  Aviation Technology  C4ISR  Cyber Security  Defense Executive  Electro-Optics  Electronic Warfare Embedded Computing Farnborough Report  High-Reliability Electronics  Interconnect Technology  Land Technology  New Products  News & Analysis Paris Air Show Report Power Electronics  RF & Microwave  Sea Technology  Space Technology  Test & Measurement  Unmanned Vehicles   Mil&Aero Commentary Defense budget procurement and research headed in opposite directions: refilling the pipeline? Is U.S. military C-RAM technology development as efficient as it could be? Military & Aerospace Electronics 2017 Innovators Awards to call out technology design solutions Today's Newsfeed L3 Achieves Certification for Upgraded AT-802L Longsword Avionics BRIEF-L3 Technologies achieves certification for upgraded AT-802L Longsword Avionics (LLL) Global Man-Portable Military Electronics Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Popular Buyer's Guide Category Searches Board Products Communications Components/Power Electronics/Sensors Computers Diagnostics & Control Electro-Optics Navigation Platform Systems/Subsystems RF & Microwave Safety Equipment & Components Services Software Test & Measurement Thermal Management/Cooling Systems Update or Enhance Your Listing EMAIL NEWSLETTERS SUBSCRIBE NOW Weekly eNewsletter Topics: Industry News Defense Executive Unmanned Vehicles Embedded Computing Electronic Warfare Cyber Security RF & Microwave Test & Measurement Press Releases Signature Devices, Inc. and Innovo Technology Announce Release of Morpheus Music Multi-Zone Audio Server and Player REMINDER - MEDIA ALERT: Oski Technology DAC Demonstrations to Showcase New VIP Library for AMBA Interface Protocols, Oski Formal Sign-Off Amur Equipment Finance Officially Opens Philadelphia Office Press Releases powered by Download Our Apps iPhone iPad Android Follow Us On... Topic Index View Military & Aerospace Electronics articles by topic, A-Z Article Archives View the Military & Aerospace Electronics article archives    . Utility Home Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Topics Adhesives & Encapsulants Aviation Technology C4ISR Cyber Security Electro-Optics Electronic Warfare Embedded Computing High-Reliability Electronics Interconnect Technology Land Technology Power Electronics RF & Microwave Sea Technology Space Technology Test & Measurement Unmanned Vehicles Departments Defense Executive Exclusive Content Farnborough Report Headlines Mil & Aero Commentary Mil & Aero Wiki New Products News & Analysis Paris Air Show Report Print Issue Product Applications Product Focus Rapid Fire The Last Word Video Wire News Aerospace Defense Media Groups Military & Aerospace Electronics Intelligent Aerospace Copyright © 2007-2017 PennWell Corporation, Tulsa, OK. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Site Map  
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 26 mins S&P 500 2,432.46 -5.46 (-0.22%) Dow 30 21,359.90 -14.66 (-0.07%) Nasdaq 6,165.50 -29.39 (-0.47%) LISTEN Uber's post-Kalanick future Yahoo Finance's Myles Udland, Dan Roberts and Ethan Wolff-Mann  discuss the news and future of Uber. Ryanair in talks with Boeing over new version of 737 - sources Reuters June 13, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share FILE PHOTO: A Ryanair aircraft lands at Ciampino Airport in Rome, Italy December 24, 2016. REUTERS/Tony Gentile/File PhotoMore By Tim Hepher and Conor Humphries PARIS/DUBLIN (Reuters) - European low-cost airline Ryanair (RYA.I) is in talks with Boeing (BA.N) about placing an order for its proposed new 737 MAX 10 airliner, two people familiar with the matter said on Tuesday. Boeing is expected to launch what would become the largest version of its 737 MAX medium-haul family, designed to challenge the popular Airbus (AIR.PA) A321 flown by Ryanair rivals, at the opening of the Paris air show next week. A Boeing spokesman for the region declined to comment. A Ryanair spokesman said: "We do not comment upon rumor or speculation". Ireland-based Ryanair, which was the launch customer for the 196-passenger Boeing MAX 200 aircraft in 2014, is in discussions about buying the new plane which seats up to 230 passengers, the people said. It currently only flies 189-seat 737-800s. It was not clear if a MAX 10 order would be in addition to or at least partly a substitute for the MAX 200 order for 100 planes. Talks are progressing but it also remained unclear whether a deal would be ready in time for the June 19-25 air show, one of the people said. Ryanair rarely attends such events and is expected to hold out for the best possible price before placing an order. Ryanair executives have said repeatedly in recent months that they would be interested in additional aircraft if they were available at the right price, saying the only thing curtailing faster growth was a lack of available planes. Chief Executive Michael O’Leary said in May Ryanair was talking to Boeing about opportunistically adding planes to its current order and for additional orders to cover growth from 2023 to 2028. The latest talks come as Hungarian rival Wizz Air (WIZZ.L) shifts from the 180-seat A320 to A321s which can carry up to 239 passengers and has said it hopes the larger planes will help bring its unit costs below those of Ryanair. UK budget airline easyJet (EZY.L) said in May it would take 30 Airbus A321neo jets with 235 seats from next summer, instead of 30 smaller A320neo planes, which it said would enable it to reduce costs per seat on affected trips by around 8 to 9 percent. Indonesia's Lion Air is also preparing to place an order for the 737 MAX 10, Reuters reported last week. Industry sources said the carrier could order about 50 planes but that some may displace earlier orders for other 737 models. (Additional reporting by Victoria Bryan, editing by David Evans) Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Boeing hits record highs after U.S., Qatar sign F-15 deal Fox Business Boeing Looks to Gain Momentum at the Paris Air Show -- The Motley Fool The Motley Fool ​Boeing cuts 50 executive jobs in restructuring of defense unit Wichita Business Journal U.S. Agrees to Sell Qatar $12 Billion Worth of Fighter Jets Newsweek Trump thinks Qatar is a "sponsor of terrorism" but the U.S. is selling Doha $12 billion worth of fighter jets anyway Newsweek Think you’re buying on Amazon? It’s actually from Alibaba Yahoo Finance Doctors say US student freed by North Korea has brain damage Associated Press Doctors say the American student imprisoned in North Korea is experiencing 'unresponsive wakefulness' — here’s what that means Business Insider Dwyane Wade talks 'Wade' line with Amazon Fashion: 'you want something authentic' Yahoo Finance Video Stocks pare early losses as tech tumbles Yahoo Finance Trump proved James Comey right on a major part of their dispute Business Insider Draymond Green continues attack on LeBron James: 'You started the super-team, bro!' Business Insider My First House—with Dorothy Kern Things They Don't Tell You About... Til debt do us part: 12 ways not to go broke as a wedding guest Yahoo Finance Video Smart tattoos will soon track your health Yahoo Finance Chatter about whether LeBron James will leave the Cavs for the Lakers is growing Business Insider Pence hires outside legal counsel Miquel D: That's right. Lawyer up. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 1.1k
Welcome, sign in or click here to subscribe. Login: Password: Friday, June 16, 2017 HOME Home Breaking News Traffic Greater Seattle Seattle Bellevue Tacoma Pass Cams Contact Us DJC Directory Site Map Classifieds MyDJC MyDJC MyDJC Mainpage MyDJC Manager My Downloads My Searches DJC Account Manager My Account Associate Accounts Subscribe / Renew BUSINESS Business Home Events People Resources Business Licenses Bidding / RFP Center Firms Columns Andrew Bergh All Business Clive Shearer CONSTRUCTION Construction Home Events & Education People & Companies Spotlight Project of the Week Upcoming Projects Bid Calendar Resources Nuts and Bolts Blog Firms Directory Bid Center Today's bid results Sub-Bids Requested Building Permits Federal Projects Rosters REAL ESTATE Real Estate Home Top Property Sales People & Companies Events & Education Leases & Tenants Resources Bid Center Foreclosures Columns Buzz Crib Notes ARCHITECTURE & ENGINEERING A & E Home People Detailings Project of the Month Project Calendar Resources Bid Center Firms Directory Rosters Federal Projects Columns Clive Shearer Design Perspectives SeattleScape blog Guidelines For Submission ENVIRONMENT Environment Home E-Watch Resources Bids and RFP's Federal Projects Firms Directory Green Building blog MONEY Money Home TECH Tech Home People and Companies Tech Test Resources Bids and RFP's Firms Directory WEEKEND Weekend Home Strange But True After Hours At The Movies Diversions BLOGS Nuts and Bolts Building Green SeattleScape   DJC Subscriptions Subscribe / Renew Subscribe to the DJC online, newspaper or plancenter.com Contact Us Have a news item or subscription question? Phone, E-mail, Directions   Resource Center Construction Bids Contracting,  IFB's,  Sub-Bids Requested,  RFP's,  RFQ's,  Rosters Bid Results,  Awards, Building Permits  Fed Bizops  Consultant Services A & E Bids, RFP's, SOQ's, Rosters Misc. Goods and Services Bids, RFP's, SOQ's, Rosters Public Notices Legal Notices,  Government Notices,  City Notices Firm Directory The Northwest's top Consultants and Contractors Building Permits Listings of building permits from around the Northwest Real Estate RFP's,  Sales, Foreclosures, Leases and Tenants, RFP's Business Licenses Complete Archives of WA Business Licenses Bankruptcies Filings from:  Washington,  Oregon,  and Alaska Plancenter.com The Most Advanced Planroom Online Special Sections See our recent publications Editorial Calendar Check out our upcoming special sections for 2017 Classifieds DJC.com Classified advertisements   DJC Services Publish a Notice Place your legal notice in the DJC Advertise Market your business to decision makers around the Northwest Reprints Order a reprint in hard copy, PDF or linked HTML. Contact Us Phone, E-mail, Directions                 In Today's Public Notices FEATURED NOTICE City of Sammamish Urban Forest Management Plan New Bid Calls 10 New Consultant Notices 2 New Supply Bids 1   New Sub Bids Requested MUKILTEO FERRY TERMINAL PHASE 2 TRESTLE & BRIDGE SEAT CONSTRUCTION (CONTRACT NO. 9118) Flatiron PARK ORCHARD ELEMENTARY SCHOOL - MULTI-PURPOSE ROOM Kassel & Associates NEW INVENTORY BUILDING, GARAGE ADDITION & TENANT IMPROVEMENTS Kassel & Associates GRASS LAKE ELEMENTARY SCHOOL - MULTI-PURPOSE ROOM Kassel & Associates COUGAR RIDGE ELEMENTARY SCHOOL AND SUNSET ELEMENTARY SCHOOL ADDITIONS Kassel & Associates more »   Construction Email to a friend   Print   Comment   Reprints   Add to myDJC   [+] [-] Adjust font size June 13, 2017 Gene Colin remembered for his work, generosity By BENJAMIN MINNICK Journal Construction Editor Gene J. Colin died June 6 doing what his family said was one of his favorite things: working at Ferguson Construction. Colin Colin was 76, and died of natural causes. He worked at the Seattle construction company for about 50 years, and was chairman emeritus when he passed away. “Gene was the recipient of many awards and an active supporter of a great number of charitable organizations,” wrote David D'Hondt, executive vice president of the Associated General Contractors of Washington, in a news release. “Most importantly, Gene will be remembered as a great man with a huge heart who affected the lives of countless individuals.” In a 2010 interview with the DJC, Colin said he grew up in the New York/New Jersey area, and worked summers with his father, who was a stone mason and opened a construction company in the late 1940s. Colin graduated from Rutgers University with a civil engineering degree, and was drafted by the Army and stationed in Japan for about three years during the Vietnam War. After his service in 1965, he met an Army buddy in Seattle and they hatched a plan to travel to California to seek their fortunes. But they didn't have enough money, so they ended up taking jobs at Boeing. At Boeing, Colin worked in the construction facilities division, and represented the company on its new space center in Kent. He also supervised some work Ferguson Construction was doing at the space center. In 1967, Colin was one of many Boeing workers who began to worry about their jobs. “I had a strong feeling that I was last in and first out at Boeing,” Colin said in 2010 about his two-year stint there. Colin left Boeing to join Ferguson, starting as a gofer and working his way up to president by 1980. When company founder Hugh Ferguson retired in 1982, Colin and three others bought the company. Two years later, he became sole owner when the others left. Colin was responsible for many projects at Ferguson Construction, including a 25,000-square-foot distribution center built in 1973 for Bernie Brotman. About a decade later, Colin got a call from Bernie's son, Jeff Brotman, who wanted him to renovate a building on Fourth Avenue for a new venture called Costco Wholesale. That job led to many more at Costco, and helped transform Ferguson Construction into an industry leader. But Colin wasn't all business. He also gave back to the community, especially in education. He served a term as board chair of the state's Higher Education Coordinating Board, and was on the boards of South Seattle College Foundation, Eastside Catholic High School, Seattle Nativity School and AGC of Washington Education Foundation. Colin also chaired the boards of the AGC Government Affairs Council, Washington State Building Code Council and Pacific Medical Centers. In 1995, Colin accepted a challenge from Roland Dewhurst, who headed up the AGC Southern District office at the time and later became CEO of AGC of Washington. The challenge? Walk together from the AGC offices in Tacoma to the AGC offices in Seattle — nearly 40 miles — to raise money for the association's Education Foundation. In the 2010 interview, Colin said they left at 4 a.m. and arrived in Seattle at 4 p.m. Colin said he hit the wall when he reached downtown Seattle, but Dewhurst egged him on and both reached their destination — and together raised $60,000. In 1998, Colin came up with a plan to celebrate Ferguson Construction's 50th anniversary by having a team of employees scale Mount Rainier. He thought it would be good to combine the climb with the American Lung Association's Climb for Clean Air event. Ten of the 11 climbers made the summit and raised $33,000 for the cause. Diane Kocer, executive director of AGC Education Foundation, said Colin's death will be a big hit for many nonprofits in Seattle: “His heart was big.” Colin is survived by his wife, Susan Janus, and his children Ryan Hazlett (Jessica), Crista Haugen and Carla Colin. Funeral mass will be celebrated at 10:30 a.m. Saturday at St. James Cathedral, 804 Ninth Ave. in Seattle. Visitation will begin an hour prior to the service. A private interment will be held at a later date. Remembrances can be made to the AGC Education Foundation, Seattle Nativity School and South Seattle College through the 13th Year Promise Scholarship and the Gene Colin Two-Year College Scholarship.   Benjamin Minnick can be reached by email or by phone at (206) 622-8272. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus       Need to manage your next solicitation? Try SolicitBid, now free for public agencies. MyDJC | Breaking News | Traffic | Business | Construction | Real Estate | Architecture & Engineering | Environment | Machinery | Technology | Weekend Copyright 2017 Seattle Daily Journal of Commerce | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Contact Us | Advertising | Site Index Page executed in 0.087 seconds --
Boeing's new 777X flagship is coming soon. But its buyers are st - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Golf Social Stream Events Email News/Apps Text Alerts Day With Dad Contest LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World Events The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport School closings Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Severe Weather Tips Buoy Data Events Text Alerts Golf Contest Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Day With Dad Contest Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV Events See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Boeing's new 777X flagship is coming soon. But its buyers are struggling Posted: Tuesday, June 13, 2017 9:54 AM EDT Updated: Tuesday, June 13, 2017 10:55 AM EDT A Boeing rendering of the 777X, which is scheduled to enter service in 2020. By Jon Ostrower SEATTLE (CNNMoney) -- The biggest names in global air travel have signed up for Boeing's enormous new 777X airliner. But nearly all of them are facing problems that could make it hard for them to go ahead with their purchases. The airliner, which will seat 350 to 425 passengers, is set to debut in 2020. Boeing's factories are gearing up for production of the 777X later this year. Boeing calls it "the boss," and it has the largest jet engines the aerospace industry has ever developed. Seven airlines have ordered 340 of the planes. But six of those companies, which account for more than 90% of the orders, are each facing various business challenges. Qatar Airways is under a blockade by its neighbors. Emirates is cutting routes. Etihad Airways is rethinking its entire global strategy. Cathay Pacific Airways is laying off hundreds of workers and restructuring. Singapore Airlines had its first loss in eight years. And Lufthansa is rethinking whether it needs all the jets it has ordered, according to Bloomberg News. They're all fending off the rise of low-cost carriers that are driving down ticket prices — making their businesses tougher to navigate. And the Middle Eastern carriers in particular are dealing with a laptop ban that has hurt business. None of these airlines has changed its 777X order. But if airlines scale back or slow down their 777X orders, that would temper how quickly Boeing can generate a return on its multi-billion dollar investment. When airlines put in their first orders in 2013, most wanted to take delivery as soon as possible. But that's no longer the case. With airlines happy to wait for the 777X, Boeing is slowing things down, too. Boeing still plans to make its first delivery in 2020, but it recently pushed back the jet's maiden flight to around February 2019, four months later than initially planned. Boeing executives say they're not worried about demand for the enormous new flagship, since the company has yet to tap the market in China. China is on track to be the largest air travel market on the planet by 2030 and has so far only bought jets for the near term. Ihssane Mounir, Boeing's new global sales chief, expects "a surge in demand" once China's central government crafts its new five-year plan, which goes into effect in 2021. Mounir also points out that the 777X is coming along just as a large crop of older, big jets flown by airlines around the world need to be retired. "When you add all that up," he said, "I'm not worried." TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad BRIEF-France says WTO confirmed that U.S, Boeing have done nothing to withdraw illegal subsidies By Reuters Published: 07:00 EDT, 13 June 2017 | Updated: 07:00 EDT, 13 June 2017 e-mail June 13 (Reuters) - Boeing/Airbus: * France says WTO has that confirmed U.S. and Boeing have done nothing to withdraw illegal subsidies * After WTO decision, France says it will be defending its industrial and trade interests, which are a top priority * On June 9, the World Trade Organization largely cleared the United States of maintaining unfair support for Boeing, but said it had failed to withdraw a tax break in its main planemaking state that continues to cause trade fireworks. (Reporting by John Irish) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS The icing on the cake: Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's daughter North celebrates her fourth birthday at Chuck E Cheese's with a tiara fit for a princess and personalised balloons  'We hope to confirm a record tomorrow': Simon Cowell announces plans to release a fundraising single for victims of the Grenfell Tower blaze Bikini malfunction! Justin Bieber's rumoured ex Sahara Ray flashes her nipple piercing as her top falls off during Mexican beach photo shoot 'It's really scary stuff': Pregnant Ferne McCann flashes her bare bump in skimpy bikini while revealing she has bought her first home in preparation for single parenthood Ashton Kutcher reveals the name he and Mila Kunis almost picked out for son Dimitri... and it was fairy tale related Seven month old son  How much are YOU swayed by looks? We challenge 5 people to rate potential dates based on their answers and then from pictures... with VERY surprising results  SPONSORED Time to party! Kim Kardashian wears sweats and fitted tank for daughter North's birthday bash...with Kanye West and son Saint attending Lingerie-free Charlotte Dawson leaves NOTHING to imagination as she suffers EPIC wardrobe malfunction at star-studded Dangerous Game premiere   Olivia Newton-John's Chloe Lattanzi shares another revealing snap of herself after being criticised for looking 'unhealthy' in VERY slender snap  'I said I'd never do it and now I've got Caben!' Stephanie Davis reflects on how she didn't intend to fall for Jeremy McConnell... which led to the couple having a son Why I quit weed: Miley Cyrus candidly discusses her bold decision to stop smoking marijuana on Jimmy Fallon  Keeping up with her curves! Kylie Jenner flaunts her full chest in skintight top for Snapchat Suddenly shy? Bella Thorne covers her face with scarf wrapped around her head... after 'former fling Scott Disick sent her roses' Swim season! Supermodel Karolina Kurkova flaunts her incredible figure in red bikini and patterned bathing suits for photo shoot in Miami Shish kebab, chicken bravas with garlic aioli and calamari with seasoned rice: Why eating healthily this summer just got a WHOLE lot more fun  SPONSORED Spot on! Paris Hilton looks pretty in sheer LBD as she attends What We Started screening in Santa Monica Pretty in polka dots  SPOILER ALERT: EastEnders' new family make a mark on Walford as matriarch Karen PUNCHES Sharon following tense run in about Keegan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: New mum Binky Felstead covers up as she leaves hospital with beau JP, their baby girl... and a cameraman from their spin-off show Reporting for mom duty! Angelina Jolie dresses in head-to-toe black as she heads to military supply store with son Knox Woody Allen roasts former girlfriend Diane Keaton while presenting her with AFI Lifetime Achievement Award Playboy's Carla Howe is left red-faced as she sheds underwear beneath mini... as Holly Rickwood the SAME dress at Dangerous Game premiere 'I told her she was scum!' Marnie Simpson reveals how she found out about Lewis' cheating... and what happened when she confronted girl  She's in vacation mode! Reese Witherspoon is summer chic in pink stripped dress with beach umbrella pattern on LA shopping trip Corinne Olympios walks her dog in LA as she is seen for first time since drunk encounter with DeMario shut down Bachelor In Paradise production Twitter pokes fun at Jay Z over stream-of-consciousness rant on his influences including 'greatest rapper of all-time Obama' Music mogul  'We wouldn't still be married if I was as miserable as I look': Victoria Beckham poses in plunging swimsuit and reveals key to happy relationship with David Chyna shops! Blac is hell bent for leather in tight trousers as she indulges in retail therapy session Screen siren Hayley Atwell showcases her signature vintage style in figure-hugging forties inspired dress as she leads the charge at Hamlet opening Ravishing in red! Kelly Rowland shows off her incredible figure in a flared velour jumpsuit as she performs at the launch of new Coca-Cola drink Fancy meeting you here! Jessica Biel explodes with joy after bumping into pal during casual stroll in New York Beaming broadly  'We just want to see how tight your a** is': Emmy Rossum was asked to audition for a role in a bikini so director could see if she 'was fat now' Still got it! Evergreen Cindy Crawford, 51, stuns in a blue shift dress as she steps out to promote San Benedetto water in Venice Cindy Crawford's daughter Kaia Gerber rocks double denim in a jacket and shorts as she enjoys outing with gal pal in New York Chic and cheerful  Ready to Kick-Ass! Chloe Grace Moretz carries cup of coffee as she arrives on set of new Louis CK movie Gwyneth Paltrow looks like she's been crying as she covers her face in NYC after announcing she has pretty much retired from acting to run Goop Empire state of style! Olivia Munn is a fierce fashionista in a cute black patterned midi dress as she steps out in New York Fancy in florals  Mom on duty! Alessandra Ambrosio goes comfortable in T-shirt and tiny shorts enjoys a day out with her mini-me daughter Anja in LA All grown up! Lorde stuns in a cream Victorian-inspired gown as she makes an appearance on Jimmy Fallon Vintage vibes  Hot mama! Paige Butcher rocks Daisy Dukes while carrying baby Izzy on bonding trip with beau Eddie Murphy's kids in LA Holy tribute! Bat Signal shines over the sky in downtown Los Angeles in honor of late Batman star Adam West She said yes! Actress Eliza Dushku announces her engagement to businessman Peter Palandjian with sweet Instagram snap Perfect pair  The new family moved in - a chance to reflect more on multi-cultural London. But the Taylors were thicker than other EastEnders characters, by Jim Shelley The Saturday's Una Healy and Vanessa White enjoy a rare reunion as they lead the style at intimate rooftop gig in London 'It's a shame as she was passionate about making it a success': Louise Redknapp 'liquidates' make-up company over £1.7 million loss... after denying 'false' claims of rift with husband Jamie Kesha dazzles in a colorful pant suit as she clutches onto boyfriend Brad Ashenfelter's hand while walking through LAX airport  Suited and booted  TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her enviable curves and honed pins in skintight mini dress as she leads the charge at London fashion launch 'I'd always want to get his critique and approval': Geri Horner admits she would run everything in her life past her late friend George Michael... especially music and men Date night! Luke Hemsworth suits up alongside wife Samantha at premiere of Tupac biography All Eyez On Me Cute couple  'I messed up': Elizabeth Banks apologizes for saying Steven Spielberg 'never' casts female leads... as she's told he created The Color Purple Leggy Nancy Dell'Olio, 55, shows off age-defying good looks in plunging blazer with coordinating mini skirt as she glams up for charity dinner   Raiding Sam's wardrobe? Lara Bingle steps out in an oversized khaki shirt and baggy trousers during stroll in New York Feeling all white? Jordan Barrett, 20, flashes his forearm tattoo as he offers a brooding pout in New York City after being linked to Bella Hadid Rise and fall of Whitney the tragic star: Can I Be Me? is an engrossing music documentary that is also terribly sad  Real Madrid star Gareth Bale dotes on daughter Nava as he takes a coastal stroll with fiancée Emma-Rhys Jones and their children in Malibu Never mind The Full Monty, this was turning into Up Pompeii! CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV Busy mom! Natalie Portman has her hands full as she jets out of LA with baby daughter Amalia and son Aleph 'I vowed to NEVER go back': Love Island 'posh girl' Montana sneers at 'heavy drinker' Sam's native Middlesbrough... as the lumbered pair consider coupling up No wonder she's smiling! Hollywood star Rebel Wilson could be awarded 'TENS of millions' after winning her defamation case against Woman's Day Is this what made her dump Tyga? Kylie Jenner is warned by a medium that she needs to 'set boundaries' on an 'unhealthy relationship' On cloud nine! Flip Or Flop's Christina El Moussa can't stop smiling on dinner date with new beau wearing thigh-high boots and flirty floral dress Jet setting couple! Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan catch a flight out of LAX Cesc Fabregas' girlfriend Daniella Semaan displays her post-baby body in sheer maxi dress during Ibiza break with fellow WAG Antonella Roccuzzo Flower Power! Ashley James shows off her ample bust and taut midriff in floral pink lingerie as she strikes a sultry pose in Barcelona Thor gets hammered! Actor Chris Hemsworth shockingly snaps his surfboard while battling stormy swell on Gold Coast Love Island series one victor Jess Hayes shows off her eye-popping curves in candyfloss pink bikini during sun-drenched getaway  Little Mix's Jesy Nelson ditches the make-up as she goes completely bare-faced in striking stripped back snap Natural beauty Lusty lady! Khloe Kardashian puts her chest on display in leather sweetheart bustier to sell new Good American zip-up mini skirt Is that you, Miss Cundy?! Lizzie is demure in floaty princess gown as she turns back on scanty looks for Dangerous Game premiere All star line up! One Direction's Niall Horan to join Katy Perry and Miley Cyrus's sister Noah on The Voice's grand finale The 23-year-old shared the exciting news Lily Allen accuses the media of 'downplaying' the Grenfell Tower tragedy by deliberately underestimating the death toll - which she claims is 'closer to 150'  'It was kind of genius!' Comedian Chris Rock praises Jerry Seinfeld for THAT awkward red carpet snub with Kesha 'You're not funny, not intense, you're too young or too old': Naomi Watts on 'constant rejection' throughout her Hollywood career during a Q&A on Reddit Suri Cruise sports cute bow in her hair and a pretty pink dress as she steps out with laidback mum Katie Holmes in New York Two of a kind  Heaven scent! Poppy Delevingne flashes her cleavage in plunging white summer dress as she joins Jaime King at Los Angeles fragrance launch Fashion forward Olivia Palermo cuts a stylish figure as she works daring white suit at luxury beauty launch in London From Louboutins to flip flops! Jennifer Lopez looks dressed down on Shades Of Blue set after sexing it up for music video Leonardo DiCaprio forced to hand back Marlon Brando's Oscar gifted to him by 'corrupt' production partners as federal investigation into stolen $540m continues He's definitely tied the knot! David Beckham shows off his man bun after touching down in New York... as he prepares for 18th wedding anniversary with wife Victoria Power play! Sukhvinder SACKS Kayleigh as deputy mayor and forces her to become 'unemployed'... causing her to launch into a foul-mouthed rant about her Big Brother housemates Salud! Jennifer Lopez pours up shots as she shimmers in sequined robe on music video set with Cuban group Gente de Zona Under his spell! Miley Cyrus wears earrings spelling out fiancé Liam Hemsworth's name but jokes she had to buy them herself because he's a 'cheapskate' What an ace! Serena Williams shows off burgeoning baby belly while dominating on tennis court despite being seven months pregnant Mission accomplished! Salma Hayek departs LAX in casual chic style after promoting new film Beatriz At Dinner Dazzling in denim  'I love you baba': Bikini-clad Lottie Moss flaunts her perky posterior as she gushes over beau Alex Mytton in birthday tribute on Ibiza break Zoe Kravitz looks pretty in pink as her Rough Night promo tour rolls on in New York Promoting her multiple projects 'Can't wait to make her Mrs Osborne': TOWIE hunk Dan shares tribute to fiancée Jacqueline Jossa... as they set tongues wagging about wedding date Stephanie Davis looks downcast as she arrives in London following brief getaway... while Jeremy McConnell faces police probe following clash 'She was hugging everyone': Adele is lauded by fans as she makes appearance at scene of tragic Grenfell Tower less than 24 hours after fatal fire Kelly Ripa models hairy 'dad bod' bathing suit on talk show... and jokes she'll wear it every day Laverne Cox poses up a storm outside ABC's The View... after demonstrating her 'signature dance move' Married! RHOA star Kenya Moore weds a businessman in St Lucia... but does not want to reveal his identity yet Greek tragedy! TOWIE's Amber Turner and Jade Lewis' bitter feud has hotted up again after the pair came FACE-TO-FACE while stranded on the same cruise ship in Mykonos Just like dad! Patrick Schwarzenegger, 23, channels his father Arnold, 69, by showing off his muscular chest on a Los Angeles beach Braless Chloe Lloyd shows off her stunning figure in flimsy Bardot top with dazzling flares as she hits glamorous magazine bash Karrueche Tran finally granted five year restraining order against ex Chris Brown after threats of violence Wanted temporary order made permanent Will Ferrell and John Lithgow lock lips as fellow grandad Mel Gibson enters the fray in first trailer for Daddy's Home 2 Game Of Thrones star Alfie Allen packs on the PDA with topless blonde companion as they hit the beach during romantic Spanish getaway 'So nice to have a kitchen': Inside the lavish properties John Legend has been calling home as he tours the US with Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna Mommy's mini-me! Heidi Klum goes on shopping spree with her look-alike daughter Leni, 13, in New York City Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield are praised by This Morning fans as they film live from Borough Market less than two weeks after terror attack Age-defying Goldie Hawn, 71, looks sensational in a plunging black swimsuit on sun-soaked Greece boat trip with Kurt Russell David Hasselhoff's daughter Hayley strikes plea deal to install breathalyzer in her car following DUI Arrested last month  'I had to let something go': Aisha Tyler tearfully announces she will be leaving The Talk after six years as host The 46-year-old actress was consoled by her fellow co-hosts  Lauren Goodger hits the gym with her personal trainer in Essex... amid claims she's struggling to maintain her strict fitness regime Gigi Hadid nails city girl chic as she appears sophisticated in baby-blue sweater and high-waisted trousers during New York jaunt  She's got the baby blues Model Iskra Lawrence teases at her famed curves in stomach-grazing crop top and maxi skirt out in New York City She never goes out of style! Julia Roberts, 49, re-creates Pretty Woman shopping scene during commercial for Italian fashion brand Calzedonia Looks like Kendall doesn't have Kylie's magic with make-up! Estee Lauder is discontinuing sister brand fronted by the model, because it is 'no longer necessary' Style sisters! Princess Madeleine is fabulous in florals while her sibling Victoria stuns in silver as they join their parents and brother at a music awards in Stockholm Radiant Jessica Alba looks oh so chic as she carries $2,000 designer handbag paired with stylish monochrome ensemble in NYC They Can Feel The Love! Elton John plants a tender kiss on husband David Furnish as they attend summer wedding with sweet sons Elijah and Zachary . TOWIE's Yazmin Oukhellou frames her ample bust in a racy red cut-out swimsuit as she parties alongside beau James Lock and Dan Osborne in Mallorca Amy Childs looks glum as she is seen for the first time since splitting from jailbird beau Bradley Wright... just SIX WEEKS after the birth of daughter 'My mum is disappointed': Liam Gallagher reveals mother's regret at Noel missing One Love concert... and reveals he's been writing GRIME James 'Arg' Argent puts on a cosy display with personal trainer Victoria Winterford on a date in Essex... after wooing science student Cadah Draper 'One of the greatest thrills of my life': Larry King, 83, beams with sons Cannon, 19, and Chance, 20, as elder brother gets drafted by MLB A Thorne in his side? 'Bashful Scott Disick sends former fling Bella roses' after she publicly slammed him... but ex Kourtney Kardashian receives VERY similar bouquet Superbod! Jonah Hill looks buff in Lovin' Life T-shirt after shedding 40lbs as he's seen on the LA set of his directorial debut Mid '90s Pregnant Cara De La Hoyde showcases her blossoming baby bump in a yellow crochet bikini as she makes a splash on the beach in Spain Bump on the beach  'It's human and normal': Amber Davies' mum is unfazed by daughter having sex on Love Island... and approves of love interest Kem Cetinay 'At least I tried': Diplo recruits James Corden as he makes fun at being ranked third best in bed by ex-girlfriend Katy Perry A tangerine dream! Imogen Thomas shows off her toned curves in an orange bikini as she treats herself to an ice lolly on the beach in Mallorca 'Please don't do this to our movies': Seth Rogen joins growing army of irate Hollywood stars as studio releases 'clean' family-versions of their films  Still heavenly! Charlie's Angels vet Jaclyn Smith, 71, looks slender in suit... after revealing she drinks kale and broccoli smoothies for breakfast 'I could lose all my teeth': Loose Women's Nadia Sawalha reveals how she gets botox to help her grinding and has lost one tooth to Bruxism Sizzling Chantel Jeffries leaves little to the imagination as she goes braless in crop top and white jeans while heading to DJing gig She's a fashion superhero! Gal Gadot forgoes designer stilettos at the Wonder Woman premiere for a pair of affordable '90s favorites Elizabeth Banks reveals she was told to get a boob job by an agent when she was first starting out in Hollywood Stayed natural  Pamela Anderson shows off her famous curves in plunging 50s-style dress as she visits 'boyfriend' Julian Assange Stepping out in style  Sofia Richie bares her tanned and toned stomach during Hollywood restaurant outing with guy pal Looking good  'I am proud I get to raise my boys to love women': Elizabeth Banks on raising her sons to be feminists, as she urges men to watch female-led movies Emotional Rita Ora lends her support to the Grenfell Tower relief effort after horrific blaze at her 'childhood haunt' leaves at least 12 dead and 50 unaccounted for 'I don't need any big parties': Nicole Kidman reveals plans for a low-key 50th birthday with 'divine' husband Keith Urban and her children Making a hospital visit? Jay Z leaves his Beverly Hills mansion amid rumours that wife Beyonce has 'given birth to twin boy and girl' at LA medical centre Their love is permanent! Ariel Winter, 19, and boyfriend Levi Meaden, 29, get two matching tattoos... after she has a snake inked on her arm Kim Kardashian is accused of 'blackface' by Twitter users who claim her skin was made 'darker' for photo released to celebrate make-up collection 'I'd like to go full 50 Shades with him': Blushing Liam Payne bursts out laughing as he reads out filthy fan tweets on Radio 1 Cheeky  'You're amazing!': Gemma Collins moans in delight as stripper Lotan Carter treats her and Marnie Simpson to a sensuous massage in the Big Brother house She should give her glam squad a raise! Hailey Baldwin is nearly unrecognizable with no makeup on and hair pulled back in NYC Low-key look  'Pregnant' Carey Mulligan displays her rounded bump in oversized blue shirt as she resumes filming for BBC crime drama Collateral Low-key Jennifer Lawrence steps out for the first time since frightening emergency landing of her private plane Keeping it casual  Yoko Ono could get songwriting credit for husband John Lennon's seminal track Imagine 46 years after its first release Influenced by her poetry 'I had no idea!' Idina Menzel reveals the global success of Frozen took her by surprise... before she sings duet with 'biggest fan' Stacey Solomon 'A lot of people don't realize their power!': Spider-Man: Homecoming star Zendaya talks standing up for herself as she appears on Vogue 90s kid: Bella Hadid goes braless in a bardot top and combat trousers as she heads out to dinner with denim-clad sister Gigi Twice as nice  'I want to leave!': Kayleigh Morris vows to QUIT BB after blasting Marnie Simpson's friendship with 'ugly' Charlotte Crosby... as her nemesis hits back  Baywatch babe Jasmin Walia flaunts her phenomenal bikini body in a striking scarlet two-piece as she hits the beach in Ibiza Beach babe  Make-up free Irina Shayk flashes incredibly flat midriff shopping at farmer's market... just three months after welcoming baby with Bradley Cooper Starlet in stripes: Zendaya flaunts her toned legs in a thigh-skimming blue tutu as she poses with co-star Tom Holland for Spider-Man photocall in London Life's a beach! Shirtless Pierce Brosnan and swimsuit-clad wife Keely Shaye Smith enjoy another day by the sea in Sardinia Fun in the sun  From reality star to model! Blac Chyna poses up a storm in racy outfits to plug her clothing line as she takes break from TV's Rob & Chyna Sister act! Sam Faiers dotes on little Paul as Billie shows off her post-baby body in tiny shorts on day out with their cute kids in Essex  Baby love  Kimberley Garner puts on a stylish display in plunging halterneck top and tight-fitting jeans as she enjoys a stroll in Chelsea Taking the plunge  'We couldn't have wished for a kinder and bigger-hearted boy': Sweden's Princess Madeleine pays tribute to her son Nicolas as he turns two  TOWIE's Mario Falcone viciously lashes out at co-star Amber Turner as he insists Jamie Reed cheating saga was a 'disgusting' publicity ruse Mixed signals: Kiss star Gene Simmons tries to trademark the 'rock on' hand sign... but it's also the American Sign Language gesture for 'love' Sending pulses racing! Jenson Button's model girlfriend Brittny Ward oozes sex appeal as she goes completely topless for saucy Instagram snaps From one court to another! Rebel Wilson blows off steam during a tennis lesson with Todd Woodbridge before winning defamation case against magazine Pregnant Julia Stiles shows her baby bump in a low-cut dress with a subtle star print as she attends Paris photocall for her new TV series Riviera Jet-set chic: Elegant Olivia Munn touches down in Washington DC airport in a flowing white midi dress and matching platform shoes Flying in style  Kate Upton shows off her ample assets and sensational curves in a plunging figure-hugging blue dress as she joins Rumer Willis for vodka bash Jamie Foxx hits the red carpet with his daughters for the premiere of Baby Driver after arriving in $2million Bugatti supercar Trying to keep a low profile? Jordan Barrett, 20, wears a scarf over his head as he slurps soup with a mystery male friend... after Bella Hadid denied romance  I'm not a con artist, I didn't con people, that was just me': Katy Perry says she's evolved in her image and career as time has progressed  Moving on  'I'm too skinny.... I am in so much pain': Chloe Lattanzi addresses 'unhealthy' picture and says she was 'sobbing for an hour' after being criticised online The Queen and Duke of Edinburgh pay an emotional tribute to 18 children who lost their lives when a WWI bomb hit an East End primary school Sylvester Stallone's daughter Sophia, 20, slips into lacy bralette as she joins her father and sisters Sistine and Scarlet for family dinner in LA Wearing her heart on her sleeve! Openly pansexual Miley Cyrus continues to show her pride in a colorful co-ord and crop top  Looking good  Sheer illusion: Rachel McCord tricks the eye in a nude swimsuit and lacy cover up as she poses for a daring hillside photoshoot Turning heads  Make-up free Elle Fanning exhibits her toned stomach in a skimpy pink sports bra and tiny shorts as she heads to the gym in LA Fabulously fit  'I feel violated!' Shocked Gemma Collins is left disgusted as Big Brother's Chanelle McCleary URINATES on her in the hot tub  Shocked Big Brother's Kayleigh launches vile tirade over Marnie Simpson's friendship with 'ugly' Charlotte Crosby... after her man got star's face tattooed on his leg Manchester United defender Matteo Darmian marries fiancee Francesca Cormanni in traditional ceremony Newlyweds  Braless Katherine Jenkins shows off some sideboob in beautiful metallic blue dress with lace-up detail at launch of new hair collection Flesh flashing  'The strength of this community is magic': Prince Harry pays a poignant tribute to the heroes and victims of the Borough Market terror attack  Kirsty Gallacher puts on a leggy display in a figure-hugging top and pencil skirt... ahead of her sister Laura's wedding to Russell Brand Theo Walcott's wife Melanie puts on a stylish display in striped playsuit as she enjoys day out with footballer and sons Finley and Arlo during getaway in Rome A bella bombshell! Khloe Kardashian shows off her curves in tight black mini dress that is both low-cut and super short as she leaves Italian restaurant Ansel Elgort's girlfriend Violetta Komyshan wears revealing dress to Baby Driver premiere in LA... before cutting some shapes with her beau  It's not even Twilight yet! Ashley Greene and fiance Paul Khoury put on a VERY enamoured display as they pack on the PDA at Baby Driver premiere Flower power: Lily James shows off her fabulous figure in a structured floral midi dress at the Los Angeles premiere of Baby Driver Georgia May Jagger flaunts her enviably toned stomach in tiny crop top as she's joined by trendy pal Suki Waterhouse for her clothing launch in LA Tattoo time! Ariel Winter takes to Snapchat to share new body art of sinuous snake slithering on forearm Inked up  What's the time Mr Wolverine? Hugh Jackman looks suave as he models a chic wristwatch at Montblanc Heritage launch Dapper  'When swimwear becomes your attire for the day': Coco Austin squeezes her eye-popping curves and tiny waist into skin tight swimsuit Using lingerie to sell lipstick! Kylie Jenner poses in a sheer lace bra to plug Lip Kit shade... but this is far from a new trick Here we go Back on dad duty! Scott Disick reunites with his children for lunch outing... as Bella Thorne dishes about his drinking and partying in Cannes The Best Of Both Worlds! Miley Cyrus goes undercover in a brunette wig and shades as she goes busking with Jimmy Fallon in the New York subway Ruth Wilson looks elegant in a tailored blush trouser suit at star-studded LAMDA gala... as fans go wild for the return of Luther Pretty in pink 'It's got NOTHING to do with race!' Big Brother viewers are baffled as Hannah Agboola turns a tiff about spaghetti into an attack on her Nigerian heritage American beach beauty! Mena Suvari shows off her sensational figure in a black bikini while sunbathing in Malibu Beach babe  'Every year is precious': Dannii Minogue reveals sister Kylie has been quietly 'celebrating' since split from 'cheating' ex-fiancé Joshua Sasse Crossing guard! Hilary Duff flashes her toned pins as she keeps a close eye on son Luca as he scoots across the road Doting mummy  Rebel Wilson reveals she got through trial by imagining 'kissing Liam Hemsworth' during stressful parts... as she WINS defamation case against magazine  . 'I wouldn't even consider that I would have a chance!' Jimmy Fallon reveals why he rejected Nicole Kidman's advances TWICE Grin City: Jessica Alba keeps it casual in a striped shirt and cropped jeans as she strolls through NYC with a friend Chic and cheerful  'He's a national treasure': Love Island viewers rejoice as 'nicest man ever' Marcel FINALLY gets lucky... following steamy kiss with newbie Gabby 'I'd never be romantic if she's been with a lot of guys': Love Island newbie Mike shapes up to be the villa bad boy as he sets his sights on taken Jess and Amber All eyes on her! Kat Graham dazzles in a sheer black dress that shows off her fabulous figure  at the LA premiere of Tupac Shakur biopic White hot! Zoe Kravitz looks gorgeous in a figure-hugging dress at the New York premiere of her movie Gemini alongside co-star Lola Kirke For a good cause! Nicky Hilton wows in purple frock for animal charity gala with husband James Rothschild Puppy love  Glamorous Pamela Anderson cuts a demure figure in nude floor-grazing gown as she leads the style at Global Gift Gala Striking  The A-list entourage! Leonardo DiCaprio enjoys stroll with pals Tobey Maguire and Orlando Bloom in New York  Boys' day out  Khloe Kardashian wells up with emotion remembering her beloved father Robert Kardashian Sr. on Hollywood Medium Emotional  'Your parents must be so proud!' Dean Gaffney enjoys a night out with girlfriend Rebekah Ward after launching angry tirade against Love Island Jet-setting duo! Robin Thicke, 40, and gorgeous girlfriend April Love Geary, 22, return to LA after romantic Parisian vacation Jet set style  Flower power: Karlie Kloss looks stunning in a floral creation as she steps out for the Fragrance Foundation Awards in New York City Fancy in florals  Rising star! Maddie Ziegler, 14,  makes movie debut as The Song Of Henry premieres at Los Angeles Film Festival Teen sensation  'You need to start making it sound like you're f***ing sweating blood': James McAvoy claims actors are told to lie about how gruelling a role was to win awards  Sun's out, buns out! Johnny Manziel's fiancée Bre Tiesi strolls along beach in Miami in strapless nude bikini Hard to miss as she hit the beach  'I smell something fishy': EastEnders viewers take to Twitter in their droves after they hilariously clock the Minute Mart selling Tesco Value fish fingers Hitting the shops! Mandy Moore looks stylish in midi summer dress as she steps out for retail therapy in Beverly Hills Effortlessly chic  'Don't ever call me that, it hurts my feelings': Hailey Baldwin scolds critics who call her an 'Insta model' while insisting she 'works her a** off' Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter about us Atlas quartz index quartz app quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu THINK LIKE A ROCKETEER Virgin Orbit’s newly-minted CEO will use psychology to launch satellites faster than anyone else Written by Tim Fernholz Obsession Space Business June 13, 2017 Richard Branson and company in front of a partially assembled Virgin Orbit rocket. (Virgin Orbit) Share Written by Tim Fernholz Obsession Space Business June 13, 2017 Long Beach, California Building a rocket is as much as an art as a science, according to Dan Hart, the newly-minted CEO of Virgin Orbit, one of a number of new launch-vehicle companies aiming to ride a wave of investment in small satellite businesses. Hart, a long-time Boeing executive, joined Virgin Galactic, the space company financed by entrepreneur Richard Branson, earlier this year. Now, with Virgin Orbit spinning out as a stand-alone firm as Branson’s space companies focus on bringing products to market after years of delays, Hart is formally being made the company’s chief executive. The split with Galactic, which is working on its own vehicle to fly tourists into space, results in a company more likely to provide an immediate business impact to its backers. Hart’s team will build rockets capable of launching small satellites weighing a few hundred kilograms into orbit from the bottom of a customized 747 jetliner. It is competing against companies like Rocket Labs, which performed its first flight test in May, and Vector Space, which flew a prototype rocket the same month. These companies want to be the first to provide rapid launches to small satellite-makers, a market that remains underserved by companies like SpaceX and Arianespace that built businesses around flying the largest, heaviest satellites into orbit. Analysts suspect competing on the low-end could be a billion dollar opportunity. “What is happening with the small satellite market is pure energy,” Hart says, comparing the burgeoning competition to the rivalry between Boeing and Lockheed Martin in the early days of the commercial launches. “The next three years are big.” Virgin Orbit has already signed contracts with companies like OneWeb, which aims to put a constellation of hundreds of internet satellites into low-earth orbit in the years ahead, NASA, and Planet, the operator of the world’s largest commercial satellite constellation. Orbit hopes to offer flights on its rocket, LauncherOne, for $12-15 million a pop. On a per kilogram rate, that would still be more expensive than SpaceX’s Falcon 9 rocket. Because the company will focus on smaller satellites, tailoring its services and launch timing to their needs, Orbit still expects to find enough customers for at least 10 launches a year before increasing the tempo to 20 if the demand is there. Currently, most small satellites are secondary cargo and must find opportunities to fit on launches tailored for larger satellites, which often fly in different orbits. Being the primary cargo on a smaller rocket provided by Virgin Orbit or its competitors would mean the new generation of small-sat operators would get faster access to space, on their own terms. That means they don’t need to watch their satellites, built in a matter of weeks, sitting in storage for months instead of generating revenue in orbit. Hart says customers will be able to go from contract to launch in just six months, compared to the 18 months or so of lead-time common in the launch industry. He says his number one concern right now is making sure his team is “line of sight” with future users of the system. This is a delicate time for the company, as design and testing of the rocket’s individual components moves to integrated testing and manufacturing. While air-launch systems aren’t novel, attempts to build a business around them have yet to succeed on the scale of vertical-take off rocket. One prominent example, OrbitalATK’s Pegasus rocket, can cost $55 million per launch and has flown just 43 times in since it came into operation 26 years ago. Overcoming the doubters (and the competition) is no mean task. “The integration of the team has to happen in the right way so the integration of the system can happen,” Hart says. “People picture some isolated person in an office, [but] so much of aerospace is teams, how they communicate, solve problems. It’s really psychology.” In its new Long Beach facility, Orbit’s engineers are hard at work. Tim Buzza, a former SpaceX executive hired in 2014 to lead development of the LauncherOne rocket, helped bring some of that firm’s cost-saving vertical integration to Orbit, which leans on building components in-house and using new manufacturing technology. The rocket body is made from carbon composites created in-house, and Orbit boasts a partnership with DMG MORI to pilot its latest 3D-printing technology to make engine parts. The propulsion system and propellant tanks were designed by Virgin Orbit’s team. Young engineers showing off the factory floor talked to Quartz about the benefits of being close to the manufacturing process as the rocket moves from design to production. So far, the company’s 300 employees have built four rockets for testing. Some of the parts are on temporary wooden stands while the permanent manufacturing setup is installed. A system the company built to coat its rockets in insulating foam stands near the future home of a custom-designed clean room that Virgin Orbit’s clients will take over when putting their hardware on the rocket. “[Hart] is bringing some rigor to our systems and mission assurance, [but] we are teaching him as much as he is teaching us,” Eric Wostenberg, a senior engineer at Virgin Orbit, says, of the meld between the the new CEO and his team. Wostenberg and the other engineers celebrate the scrappy, organic culture the Orbit team has cultivated. Nicole Lewis, an engineer who works on the propulsion system, began at the company as an intern, and says her experience isn’t unusual at what is still a very flat firm. The workers feel like they have a ownership over their production. “The amount of responsibility here is unparalleled, you can’t find that the other space companies,” Meghan McCarthy, another engineer, says. Richard’s Rocketeers: Branson with Virgin Galactic CEO George Whitesides (R) and Virgin Orbit CEO Dan Hart (L) One key part of Hart’s job will be marrying that culture to high-level execution ahead of flight testing expected to begin in early 2018. So far, Hart and his team seem to be on the same page, talking about the cost savings that come with mass-producing rockets and the company’s ability to react quickly to challenges in the development process. “I don’t have layers and layers of organization to deal with,” Hart says of how his new role leading a small company compares to heading up a major division at Boeing. “[We can] get four or five people around a whiteboard debating, somebody gets an idea, [and you] get a jazzed team that now has a plan. I see that happening on a daily basis.” Correction: An earlier version of this article reported that Tim Buzza joined Virgin Galactic in 2015, instead of 2014. Most Popular Open-minded people have a different visual perception of reality Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Boeing Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News CVS Health Corporation (CVS) Stake Decreased by Wesbanco Bank Inc. CVS Health Corporation (CVS) Position Increased by Punch & Associates Investment Management Inc. Boeing Company (The) (BA) Shares Bought by WealthTrust Axiom LLC Wells Fargo & Company MN Sells 45,592 Shares of Home BancShares, Inc. (HOMB) Tocqueville Asset Management L.P. Lowers Position in Philip Morris International Inc (PM) Wells Fargo & Company MN Decreases Position in NRG Energy, Inc. (NRG) Emerald Advisers Inc. PA Has $416,000 Position in Starbucks Corporation (SBUX) Macguire Cheswick & Tuttle Investment Counsel LLC Purchases 2,370 Shares of Celgene Corporation (CELG) Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. Has $12.43 Million Position in Colgate-Palmolive Company (CL) Wells Fargo & Company MN Boosts Stake in Navigator Holdings Ltd. (NVGS) Wells Fargo & Company MN Acquires 23,095 Shares of Ferro Corporation (FOE) Cantel Medical Corp. (CMD) Rating Lowered to Hold at Benchmark Co. Cigna Corporation (CI) Earns Buy Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Bank of America Corporation Lowers CalAtlantic Group, Inc. (CAA) to Neutral BlackRock LT Municipal Advantage Trust (BTA) Price Target Cut to GBX 265 CGG (CGG) Lifted to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research FY2017 Earnings Estimate for ING Group, N.V. Issued By Jefferies Group (ING) Recent Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Washington Federal (WAFD) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Reduces Position in FactSet Research Systems Inc. (FDS) Parsec Financial Management Inc. Lowers Position in Bank of America Corporation (BAC) Boeing Company (The) (BA) Shares Bought by WealthTrust Axiom LLC June 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet WealthTrust Axiom LLC boosted its stake in Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) by 0.1% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 3,834 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock after buying an additional 4 shares during the period. WealthTrust Axiom LLC’s holdings in Boeing Company (The) were worth $678,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Cable Hill Partners LLC raised its position in Boeing Company (The) by 0.5% in the third quarter. Cable Hill Partners LLC now owns 1,674 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $225,000 after buying an additional 8 shares during the period. Howe & Rusling Inc. raised its position in Boeing Company (The) by 0.3% in the first quarter. Howe & Rusling Inc. now owns 2,898 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $512,000 after buying an additional 9 shares during the period. Vicus Capital raised its position in Boeing Company (The) by 1.0% in the first quarter. Vicus Capital now owns 1,382 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $244,000 after buying an additional 14 shares during the period. Stillwater Investment Management LLC raised its position in Boeing Company (The) by 0.8% in the first quarter. Stillwater Investment Management LLC now owns 1,995 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $353,000 after buying an additional 16 shares during the period. Finally, IFC Holdings Incorporated FL raised its position in Boeing Company (The) by 0.3% in the first quarter. IFC Holdings Incorporated FL now owns 8,240 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $1,457,000 after buying an additional 26 shares during the period. 73.14% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Boeing Company (BA) opened at 190.00 on Tuesday. The stock has a market capitalization of $114.68 billion, a P/E ratio of 23.41 and a beta of 1.14. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $184.85 and its 200 day moving average price is $171.95. Boeing Company has a 52-week low of $122.35 and a 52-week high of $191.70. Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The aircraft producer reported $2.01 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $1.91 by $0.10. Boeing Company (The) had a net margin of 5.52% and a return on equity of 495.68%. The company had revenue of $20.98 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $21.27 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the company earned $1.74 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue was down 7.3% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities research analysts predict that Boeing Company will post $9.39 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, June 2nd. Shareholders of record on Friday, May 12th were issued a $1.42 dividend. This represents a $5.68 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.99%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, May 10th. Boeing Company (The)’s payout ratio is 69.61%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Boeing Company (The) (BA) Shares Bought by WealthTrust Axiom LLC” was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/13/boeing-company-the-ba-shares-bought-by-wealthtrust-axiom-llc.html. A number of research analysts recently weighed in on BA shares. Buckingham Research lowered Boeing Company (The) from a “neutral” rating to an “underperform” rating and set a $140.00 price objective for the company. in a research report on Monday, February 13th. Vetr lowered Boeing Company (The) from a “sell” rating to a “strong sell” rating and set a $155.02 price objective for the company. in a research report on Tuesday, February 21st. Deutsche Bank AG raised their price objective on Boeing Company (The) from $195.00 to $205.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, March 6th. Morgan Stanley lowered Boeing Company (The) from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating and raised their price objective for the company from $185.00 to $190.00 in a research report on Monday, March 13th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, Barclays PLC reaffirmed an “overweight” rating and set a $190.00 price objective (up previously from $175.00) on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a research report on Thursday, March 16th. Six equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating, fourteen have assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $167.52. In other Boeing Company (The) news, EVP Leanne G. Caret sold 2,400 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, May 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $182.73, for a total value of $438,552.00. Following the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 44,710 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $8,169,858.30. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, SVP Timothy John Keating sold 32,500 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Friday, May 5th. The shares were sold at an average price of $184.51, for a total transaction of $5,996,575.00. Following the completion of the sale, the senior vice president now directly owns 107,437 shares in the company, valued at $19,823,200.87. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders sold 63,403 shares of company stock worth $11,666,138. 0.28% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Boeing Company (The) Company Profile The Boeing Company is an aerospace company. The Company’s segments include Commercial Airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS), such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). The Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft and provides related support services, to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 June 2017 by wiseguyreports Aerospace Winglets Market Major Manufacturers, Trends, Demand, Share Analysis to 2022 Global Aerospace Winglets Industry Latest Report on Aerospace Winglets Market Global Analysis & 2022 Forecast Research Study This report, from Stratview Research, studies the global aerospace winglets market over the period 2017 to 2022. The report provides detailed insights into the market dynamics to enable informed business decision making and growth strategy formulation based on the opportunities present in the market. The Global Aerospace Winglets Market: Highlights The global aerospace winglets market was valued at US$ 297.0 million in 2016 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 9.7% over the next five years to reach US$ 558.9 million in 2022. Increasing production rate of commercial and regional aircraft, certification of winglets as a standard equipment in the variants of the best-selling aircraft, such as B737 Max and A320neo family, increasing adoption rate of winglets by airlines in both the new as well as retrofit installations, winglet technology advancement, and increasing fleet size are the key drivers of the global aerospace winglets market. Aerospace Winglet Market Research Report Winglets reduce wingtip vortices, the twin whirlwinds formed by the difference between the pressure on the upper surface of an aircraft’s wing and that on the lower surface. High pressure on the lower surface creates a natural airflow that makes its way to the wingtip and curls upward around it. When flow around the wingtips streams out behind the airplane, a vortex is formed. This represents an energy loss and is strong enough to flip the aircraft. Overall, winglets are a proven way to reduce drag, enhance fuel efficiency, reduce CO2 and NOx emissions, and reduce community noise. The addition of winglets can also be used to increase the payload or range capabilities of the aircraft apart from reducing the fuel consumption. Try Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1375223-global-aerospace-winglets-market-by-aircraft-type-narrow-body-aircraft-wide The global aerospace winglets market is segmented based on aircraft type as narrow-body aircraft, wide-body aircraft, very large aircraft, regional aircraft, and general aviation. Narrow-body aircraft is likely to remain the largest and the fastest-growing segment of the global aerospace winglets market during the forecast period of 2017 – 2022. B737 and A320 along with their recently launched variants would remain the growth engines of the winglets market in the narrow-body aerospace industry over the next five years. Based on winglet type, the global aerospace winglets market is segmented as blended winglets, sharklets, split scimitar winglets, raked wingtips, advanced technology winglets, wingtip fences, elliptical winglets, and others. Blended winglet dominate the global aerospace winglets market, propelled by its certification in Boeing’s best-selling aircraft program B737. Blended winglets offer 3% to 5% increase in fuel efficiency as compared to the aircraft without the winglets. Advanced technology winglet is projected to witness the highest growth during the forecast period of 2017 – 2022. North America is projected to remain the largest market for winglets during the forecast period, driven by the presence of assembly plants of Boeing and Bombardier. The region is also manufacturing capital of the aerospace industry with the presence of major composite part fabricators and raw material suppliers. Asia-Pacific is the fastest-growing winglets market over the next five years, driven by upcoming commercial and regional aircraft with winglets as an option and high commercial aircraft fleet size. The supply chain of this market comprises raw material manufacturers, winglet manufacturers, aerospace OEMs, and airline companies. The raw material manufacturers are Rio Tinto, Toray Industries, Hexcel, M C Gill, and Cytec. The key aerospace OEMs are Boeing, Airbus, Comac, Bombardier, Embraer, Cessna, and Gulfstream. The key winglet manufacturers are FACC AG, Korean Air Aerospace Division, RUAG Aerostructures, GKN Aerospace, Winglet Technology LLC, and BLR Aerospace LLC. New product development, collaboration with OEMs, and formation of long-term contracts with OEMs are the key strategies adopted by the key players to gain a competitive edge in the market. If you have any enquiry before buying a copy of this report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1375223-global-aerospace-winglets-market-by-aircraft-type-narrow-body-aircraft-wide Research Methodology This report offers high-quality insights and is the outcome of detailed research methodology comprising extensive secondary research, rigorous primary interviews with industry stakeholders and validation and triangulation with Stratview Research’s internal database and statistical tools. More than 1,000 authenticated secondary sources, such as company annual reports, fact book, press release, journals, investor presentation, white papers, patents, and articles have been leveraged to gather the data. More than 10 detailed primary interviews with the market players across the value chain in all four regions and with industry experts have been executed to obtain both the qualitative and quantitative insights. Report Features This report provides market intelligence in the most comprehensive way. The report structure has been kept such that it offers maximum business value. It provides critical insights into the market dynamics and will enable strategic decision making for the existing market players as well as those willing to enter the market. The following are the key features of the report: Market structure: Overview, industry life cycle analysis, supply chain analysis Market environment analysis: Growth drivers and constraints, Porter’s five forces analysis, SWOT analysis Market trend and forecast analysis Market segment trend and forecast Competitive landscape and dynamics: Market share, product portfolio, product launches, etc. Attractive market segments and associated growth opportunities Emerging trends Strategic growth opportunities for the existing and new players Key success factors The global aerospace winglets market is segmented into the following categories. Global Aerospace Winglets Market by Aircraft Type: Narrow-Body Aircraft Wide-Body Aircraft Very Large Aircraft Regional Aircraft General Aviation Global Aerospace Winglets Market by Platform Type: B737 B747 B777 B787 A320 Family A330 / A340 A350XWB A380 B737 Max B777x A320neo Family E175 C Series Others For Detailed Reading Please visit WiseGuy Reports @     https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1375223-global-aerospace-winglets-market-by-aircraft-type-narrow-body-aircraft-wide Global Aerospace Winglets Market by Winglet Type Advanced Technology Winglets Blended Winglets Elliptical Winglets Raked Winglets Sharklet Winglets Split Scimitar Winglets Wingtip Fence Winglets Others Global Aerospace Winglets by Manufacturing Process Type Hand Layup Process Automated Process Other Process Global Aerospace Winglets Market by Region North America Europe Asia-Pacific Rest of the World Report Customization Options With this detailed report, offers one of the following free customization options to our respectable clients: Regional Segmentation  Current market segmentation of any one of the regions by aircraft type Geographic Analysis Breakdown of current North American Aerospace winglets market (2016) into the US, Canada, and Mexico Company Profiling Detailed profiling of additional market players (up to 3 players) SWOT analysis of key players (up to 3 players) For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com About Us Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports understand how essential statistical surveying information is for your organization or association. Therefore, we have associated with the top publishers and research firms all specialized in specific domains, ensuring you will receive the most reliable and up to date research data available. Contact Us: Norah Trent +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 Follow on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/wise-guy-research-consultants-pvt-ltd-?trk=biz-companies-cym CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Automated Manual Transmission Market 2017 Research Report: Latest Review, Current Trends and Forecast 2022 Next PostNext Ion Exchange Resin Market Trends, Top Manufactures, Market Demands Segmentation and Major Players Analysis Research Report Posted on 13 June 2017 by wiseguyreports Aerospace Winglets Market Major Manufacturers, Trends, Demand, Share Analysis to 2022 Global Aerospace Winglets Industry Latest Report on Aerospace Winglets Market Global Analysis & 2022 Forecast Research Study This report, from Stratview Research, studies the global aerospace winglets market over the period 2017 to 2022. The report provides detailed insights into the market dynamics to enable informed business decision making and growth strategy formulation based on the opportunities present in the market. The Global Aerospace Winglets Market: Highlights The global aerospace winglets market was valued at US$ 297.0 million in 2016 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 9.7% over the next five years to reach US$ 558.9 million in 2022. Increasing production rate of commercial and regional aircraft, certification of winglets as a standard equipment in the variants of the best-selling aircraft, such as B737 Max and A320neo family, increasing adoption rate of winglets by airlines in both the new as well as retrofit installations, winglet technology advancement, and increasing fleet size are the key drivers of the global aerospace winglets market. Aerospace Winglet Market Research Report Winglets reduce wingtip vortices, the twin whirlwinds formed by the difference between the pressure on the upper surface of an aircraft’s wing and that on the lower surface. High pressure on the lower surface creates a natural airflow that makes its way to the wingtip and curls upward around it. When flow around the wingtips streams out behind the airplane, a vortex is formed. This represents an energy loss and is strong enough to flip the aircraft. Overall, winglets are a proven way to reduce drag, enhance fuel efficiency, reduce CO2 and NOx emissions, and reduce community noise. The addition of winglets can also be used to increase the payload or range capabilities of the aircraft apart from reducing the fuel consumption. Try Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1375223-global-aerospace-winglets-market-by-aircraft-type-narrow-body-aircraft-wide The global aerospace winglets market is segmented based on aircraft type as narrow-body aircraft, wide-body aircraft, very large aircraft, regional aircraft, and general aviation. Narrow-body aircraft is likely to remain the largest and the fastest-growing segment of the global aerospace winglets market during the forecast period of 2017 – 2022. B737 and A320 along with their recently launched variants would remain the growth engines of the winglets market in the narrow-body aerospace industry over the next five years. Based on winglet type, the global aerospace winglets market is segmented as blended winglets, sharklets, split scimitar winglets, raked wingtips, advanced technology winglets, wingtip fences, elliptical winglets, and others. Blended winglet dominate the global aerospace winglets market, propelled by its certification in Boeing’s best-selling aircraft program B737. Blended winglets offer 3% to 5% increase in fuel efficiency as compared to the aircraft without the winglets. Advanced technology winglet is projected to witness the highest growth during the forecast period of 2017 – 2022. North America is projected to remain the largest market for winglets during the forecast period, driven by the presence of assembly plants of Boeing and Bombardier. The region is also manufacturing capital of the aerospace industry with the presence of major composite part fabricators and raw material suppliers. Asia-Pacific is the fastest-growing winglets market over the next five years, driven by upcoming commercial and regional aircraft with winglets as an option and high commercial aircraft fleet size. The supply chain of this market comprises raw material manufacturers, winglet manufacturers, aerospace OEMs, and airline companies. The raw material manufacturers are Rio Tinto, Toray Industries, Hexcel, M C Gill, and Cytec. The key aerospace OEMs are Boeing, Airbus, Comac, Bombardier, Embraer, Cessna, and Gulfstream. The key winglet manufacturers are FACC AG, Korean Air Aerospace Division, RUAG Aerostructures, GKN Aerospace, Winglet Technology LLC, and BLR Aerospace LLC. New product development, collaboration with OEMs, and formation of long-term contracts with OEMs are the key strategies adopted by the key players to gain a competitive edge in the market. If you have any enquiry before buying a copy of this report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1375223-global-aerospace-winglets-market-by-aircraft-type-narrow-body-aircraft-wide Research Methodology This report offers high-quality insights and is the outcome of detailed research methodology comprising extensive secondary research, rigorous primary interviews with industry stakeholders and validation and triangulation with Stratview Research’s internal database and statistical tools. More than 1,000 authenticated secondary sources, such as company annual reports, fact book, press release, journals, investor presentation, white papers, patents, and articles have been leveraged to gather the data. More than 10 detailed primary interviews with the market players across the value chain in all four regions and with industry experts have been executed to obtain both the qualitative and quantitative insights. Report Features This report provides market intelligence in the most comprehensive way. The report structure has been kept such that it offers maximum business value. It provides critical insights into the market dynamics and will enable strategic decision making for the existing market players as well as those willing to enter the market. The following are the key features of the report: Market structure: Overview, industry life cycle analysis, supply chain analysis Market environment analysis: Growth drivers and constraints, Porter’s five forces analysis, SWOT analysis Market trend and forecast analysis Market segment trend and forecast Competitive landscape and dynamics: Market share, product portfolio, product launches, etc. Attractive market segments and associated growth opportunities Emerging trends Strategic growth opportunities for the existing and new players Key success factors The global aerospace winglets market is segmented into the following categories. Global Aerospace Winglets Market by Aircraft Type: Narrow-Body Aircraft Wide-Body Aircraft Very Large Aircraft Regional Aircraft General Aviation Global Aerospace Winglets Market by Platform Type: B737 B747 B777 B787 A320 Family A330 / A340 A350XWB A380 B737 Max B777x A320neo Family E175 C Series Others For Detailed Reading Please visit WiseGuy Reports @     https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1375223-global-aerospace-winglets-market-by-aircraft-type-narrow-body-aircraft-wide Global Aerospace Winglets Market by Winglet Type Advanced Technology Winglets Blended Winglets Elliptical Winglets Raked Winglets Sharklet Winglets Split Scimitar Winglets Wingtip Fence Winglets Others Global Aerospace Winglets by Manufacturing Process Type Hand Layup Process Automated Process Other Process Global Aerospace Winglets Market by Region North America Europe Asia-Pacific Rest of the World Report Customization Options With this detailed report, offers one of the following free customization options to our respectable clients: Regional Segmentation  Current market segmentation of any one of the regions by aircraft type Geographic Analysis Breakdown of current North American Aerospace winglets market (2016) into the US, Canada, and Mexico Company Profiling Detailed profiling of additional market players (up to 3 players) SWOT analysis of key players (up to 3 players) For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com About Us Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports understand how essential statistical surveying information is for your organization or association. Therefore, we have associated with the top publishers and research firms all specialized in specific domains, ensuring you will receive the most reliable and up to date research data available. Contact Us: Norah Trent +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 Follow on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/wise-guy-research-consultants-pvt-ltd-?trk=biz-companies-cym CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Automated Manual Transmission Market 2017 Research Report: Latest Review, Current Trends and Forecast 2022 Next PostNext Ion Exchange Resin Market Trends, Top Manufactures, Market Demands Segmentation and Major Players Analysis Research Report Search Recent Posts Car Amplifiers Market Size (Value), Growth, Share, Trends, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Concrete Mixers Market United States: Report Focused on Top Manufacturers, Developments & Growth By 2022 Double Edges Blade Market in Europe Report 2022: Present Scenario for Business Opportunities, Drivers and Trends Double Edges Blade Market in Europe Report 2022: Present Scenario for Business Opportunities, Drivers and Trends Waste Water SCADA Market : Emerging Market Trends, Size, Share and Growth Analysis RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Menu Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate The Future of Flight Aviation Center in Everett in December. Snohomish County Executive Dave Somers is exploring a plan to have the Museum of Flight in Seattle manage the Snohomish County-owned facility at Paine Field. (Andy Bronson / The Herald) Institute of Flight and Seattle museum explore a closer tie Noah Haglund Tue Jun 13th, 2017 9:41pm News You must sign in or register to continue reading content. EVERETT — Snohomish County is interested in forming a partnership with the Museum of Flight in Seattle to bring more tourists to Paine Field. An agreement signed Monday gives the county and the museum through the end of this year to negotiate an operations and management agreement for the Future of Flight Aviation Center & Boeing Tour. If things move ahead, a new management structure could be in place in a year. “It is important that we continuously examine how to maximize assets to improve our economic strength and opportunities to draw tourists to Snohomish County,” County Executive Dave Somers said. The Museum of Flight is an independent nonprofit. Based at Boeing Field in Seattle, its collection includes more than 150 aircraft and thousands of related objects. The Future of Flight’s airplanes and a mock-up space module are on loan from the museum. It’s the county’s largest tourist attraction. The Future of Flight & Boeing Tour attracted more than 500,000 people last year. Of the visitors, 324,000 went to tour the nearby plant where Boeing builds 747, 777 and 787 jets. The others visited the Future of Flight aerospace gallery, education programs or special events. Erika Callahan, the Seattle museum’s vice president of communications, said discussions with the county are in their early stages. “This is just the beginning of a formal conversation about forming a strategic alliance,” Callahan said. “Because we just signed the letter, we can’t presume to know where our efforts will lead.” The Future of Flight opened in December 2005. The county owns the building, but the nonprofit Institute of Flight runs it through a contract with several years remaining. “We’ve had a long-standing agreement with the Museum of Flight since our inception,” said Bonnie Hilory, the institute’s executive director. Formerly known as the Future of Flight Foundation, the institute also markets the Boeing tour, runs educational programs, hosts special events and oversees charitable programs. “We’re really looking forward to working with the county and the Boeing Co. and the Museum of Flight to develop the Future of Flight Aviation Center, which is a great resource for Snohomish County,” said Nicholas Patrick, a former NASA astronaut who serves as the institute’s board president. Paine Field has seen several recent developments that could elevate its economic profile. Regularly scheduled commercial flights could start up as early as the fall of 2018, following last week’s groundbreaking on a new two-gate passenger terminal. Alaska Airlines expects to offer at least nine daily flights, using up about half the terminal’s capacity. Other carriers also are expected to serve the facility. In April, Snohomish County officials signed their first-ever memorandum of cooperation with a Japanese airport. Like Paine Field, Chubu Centrair International Airport near the port city of Nagoya is an aerospace manufacturing hub and supplies key components for Boeing’s 787 Dreamliner. Other aerospace attractions at Paine Field include Paul Allen’s Flying Heritage & Combat Armor Museum and John Sessions’ Historic Flight Foundation. The Museum of Flight also houses its Restoration Center and Reserve Collection there. Noah Haglund: 425-339-3465; nhaglund@heraldnet.com. Twitter: @NWhaglund.   Most Read Charges unlikely in fatal body slam during Everett fight EVERETT — Prosecutors aren’t expected to file criminal charges against the man… Jun 14th, 2017 by Diana Hefley Deal to bring hotel to Everett waterfront by October 2019 EVERETT — The Port of Everett has reached a deal with Seattle’s… Jun 14th, 2017 by Jim Davis Everett submarine firm will take you to Titanic for $105K EVERETT — When a big ship sinks in the open ocean, it… Jun 14th, 2017 by Dan Catchpole Fire District 7 threatens to end contract with Mill Creek MILL CREEK — Snohomish County Fire District 7 is threatening to end… Jun 14th, 2017 by Rikki King GOP senators continue push to slash Sound Transit car tab fees OLYMPIA — Republican senators renewed their push Tuesday to make Sound Transit… Jun 14th, 2017 by Jerry Cornfield © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site Map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Social Media
Tuesday, Jun 13, 2017 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korea German Portuguese HomeOpinionsBusinessMilitaryWorldSocietyCultureTravelScienceSportsSpecial CoveragePhotoVideo English>> C919 boasts global sourcing model By Zhu Wenqian (China Daily)    08:19, June 13, 2017 A C919 aircraft undergoes checks in Shanghai after a test flight. [Photo/China Daily] Editor's note: In the run-up to the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, China Daily will cover a series of key projects and advanced equipment of national importance, showcasing the country's huge improvements and relentless efforts in manufacturing upgrading and innovation. The C919 aircraft, China's first homegrown large passenger jet, boasts a global sourcing model that is similar to that of Boeing Co and Airbus Group SE. The model is believed to increase production efficiency and save costs, but aircraft manufacturers retain control of key technologies. The C919 plane also has several significant technical breakthroughs. Intense research and development was conducted before production, and it uses a large amount of composite materials. For instance, 85 percent of its tail section is made from composite materials, according to Commercial Aircraft Corp of China Ltd, manufacturer of the C919. In China, the technology to apply composite materials is still in its infancy, and the application requires mould manufacturing, temperature control and other techniques. Harbin Hafei Industry Co Ltd, an aviation manufacturer in Harbin, Heilongjiang province, is mainly responsible for the manufacturing of some parts that mainly use composite materials, including the hatch door for the front landing gear and the main landing gear, as well as the vertical tail of the C919. Li Wei, deputy chief engineer of the C919 project at Hafei, said: "We cooperated with Boeing, Airbus and Embraer before. The design capabilities, quality system, and the supplier management capability of COMAC are in line with international standards, when compared with established aircraft manufacturers." With more than 100,000 components required for the plane, more than 240 local Chinese companies have served as suppliers and manufacturers for the C919. More than 460,000 people have been involved in its research and development, and 37 higher education institutions joined the C919 project, COMAC said. Once the C919 plane starts mass production and delivery, it is expected to drive the rapid growth of the upstream and downstream industry chains and other high-end manufacturing sectors, such as metal materials, mechanical manufacturing, electronic information and chemistry. Wu Xingshi, a member of the State Council's large passenger aircraft program's expert advisory committee, said the C919 model has applied for airworthiness certificates with the industry's regulator, the Civil Aviation Administration of China, as well as the Europe Aviation Safety Agency, and China aims to accelerate the approval process for the C919. "For the ARJ21, the nation's first domestic commercial regional aircraft, it took about six to seven years of test flights before it received the airworthiness certificate, which was the longest period for commercial aircraft in history," he said. "The ARJ21 serves as a pioneer in China, and the test flight process of the C919 should be faster and more smoothly, until it proves that it can meet the operational requirements for commercial use." Lin Zhijie, an aviation industry analyst and columnist at Carnoc.com, one of China's largest civil aviation web portals, said China serves as the initiator and host of the C919 project. He said China is responsible for the original design, assembly and supplier management, and those responsibilities are seen as the key parts of large commercial aircraft manufacturing. "The capability of producing large commercial aircraft is a critical index to assess the industrial manufacturing and technological strengths of a country," Lin said. "We don't need to label the C919 as 100 percent made-in-China. Our aim is to integrate the most advantageous resources and latest technologies, and produce aircraft that will be competitive in the global market." Despite the promising prospects, Lin said the C919's entry to the market won't occur very soon. It is expected to go into operation between 2020 and 2022, and it ultimately aims to break the global market duopoly of Boeing and Airbus. Boeing Co earlier lifted its forecast for China. It said in the next two decades, the nation is likely to become the first country with an aviation market exceeding $1 trillion. During that period, Chinese airlines are estimated to purchase 6,810 airplanes valued at $1.025 trillion. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook)(Web editor: Hu Ximeng, Bianji) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related reading Thousands of test hours on C919 jet needed before OK China urges Germany to help jumbo jet C919 get EU airworthiness certificate AirAsia interested in China's C919: chief executive Boeing welcomes competitors, projects trillion-dollar threshold for China's aviation market China's homemade jet C919 successfully completes maiden test flight Second C919 to roll off the assembly line later this year News Analysis: China-made C919 no challenge to Boeing, Airbus dominance Staff workers check C919 ahead of its maiden flight in Shanghai 5 test pilots chosen for maiden flight of China-built passenger jet C919 Homemade passenger jet set for 1st flight We Recommend Top 10 Chinese tech and engineering marvels Chinese footwear tycoon brings jobs, economic benefits to Ethiopia China develops reusable spacecraft for manned lunar missions More ‘agile fleets needed’ to tackle sea challenges Delivery boy becomes the third richest man in China China to build 30,000 new kilometers of railway before 2020 Absence of regulations casts shadow on China’s booming UAV industry China's place on world governance index sets unique example for developing countries Expectations high for China-Vatican relations in 2017 Most Read 1 Changzhou zoo slammed for feeding tigers a live donkey 2 United bullying passenger again: Chinese renowned tennis pl… 3 Xi, Putin meet on bilateral ties, SCO development 4 Is this what Trump calls FAKE NEWS: CNN accused of ‘cooking… 5 Biggest water transit project ever benefits 100 million in … Top 10 The power of 'She' in China Seven most beautiful art museums in China Top 10 European patent applicants in 2016 Chasing the world's prettiest flowers Popular on Global Times US’ Asia strategy ‘unclear’ China steps up clean energy generation efforts London attack exposes gaps in anti-terror effort Horrible effects of global warming Hot News Blind man, armless man pledge to rebuild after 10,000-tree crop is devastated by flood China's opposition to THAAD is justified, sufficient More economists upbeat about China's Q1 growth: survey Pit Bull Shot Dead After Attacking Owner The miracle called Communist Party of China Nude pics as IOU: a new, risky online loan among Chinese university students Key Words Xi JinpingSCOCPCSouth China SeaAIIBDPRKChinese New Year Links: Beijing TodayCRI EnglishSINA EnglishGlobal TimesChinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show ChinaChina Human RightsChina XinjiangTibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi JournalWomen of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Alex Jones releases secret TAPE of Megyn Kelly: Info Wars founder double-crosses 'fraud' NBC host with covert recording and vows to reveal full audio of their controversial interview BEFORE it airs EXCLUSIVE - The final video of Otto Warmbier: Family release film of American student having a snowball fight in North Korea days before he was imprisoned and mysteriously left in a vegetative state Georgia Republican congressional candidate is sent white powder with a note saying 'resist the fascist takeover' through the mail 'My ex-husband wouldn't fake his own death': Ex-wife of Navy sailor, 23, who was found alive after hiding in the ship's engine room for a WEEK says he wouldn't do it 'for no reason' Two escaped prisoners are CAPTURED three days after they overpowered and murdered two prison guards on a prison bus in Georgia and went on a two-state rampage DEADLOCKED! Cosby jury is sent home for another night after failing to reach a verdict AGAIN - while the comedian grins as he leaves court Bill Cosby accuser Lili Bernard angrily faces off with the comedian's supporters outside courthouse where deadlocked jurors will continue into day five of deliberations Stunned Starbucks customer who ordered coffee while wearing a Trump t-shirt is stunned as barista mockingly writes 'build a wall' on her cup Trump reverses Obama's course on Cuba with new restrictions on visits and threat of Treasury audit for tourists (but flights and cruises aren't banned and visitors can still bring home rum and cigars) Jared Kushner's finances and business dealings are 'being investigated by Robert Mueller as part of the Russia probe'  Most Americans think Trump meddled in the Russia probe - and just one in five think he was right to fire Comey Senate overwhelmingly passes new sanctions to punish Russia for election meddling by 98-2 vote - and Trump would need to get okay from Congress to lift them The great deflector: After revelation that HE is under investigation for obstruction of justice for firing Comey, Trump falls back on an old favorite with all-out attack on 'Crooked Hillary', saying she smashed phones and bleached servers 'We're proud to support The Public Theater': Time Warner CEO defends company's sponsorship after uproar over Julius Caesar production showing the assassination of Trump lookalike Senate Judiciary Committee announces another investigation into Comey's firing - and it will also look into Loretta Lynch's bid to sway FBI over Clinton email scandal Putin says he'll offer Comey asylum in Russia if the Trump administration prosecutes him Trump takes Melania to celebrate getting his man on the Supreme Court as First Couple attend Justice Neil Gorsuch's investiture  Let's play ball! Trump kicks off the Congressional Baseball Game as hero cop who saved Steve Scalise throws the first pitch and Ivanka joins the crowd a day after Donald-hating gunman targeted Republicans Republican congressman says TRUMP is partly to blame for 'demons that have been unleashed' in lead up to baseball shooting  'I'm here to change the tax laws': Wife of Congress shooter reveals what he told her about why he moved to Washington - and says their marriage was over when he left for D.C. Baseball gunman had foster daughter, 17, who committed suicide by dousing her body in gasoline and then lighting herself on fire Mike Pence lawyers up and hires leading former federal prosecutor to handle inquiries from Russian election meddling probe that Trump calls a 'witch hunt' Uber driver crashes into a Secret Service officer guarding Trump after the President's trip to see Steve Scalise in hospital 'I think it saved our lives': Quick-thinking mother protected her family from London Tower inferno by running the bath and flooding her 11th-floor flat after being told to stay inside Previous Next Gunning for Assad: Syria-Bound Super Hornet boasts massive load of TEN 1,000-lb bombs and a top speed of 1,190mph An aircraft headed for Syria is carrying hundreds of thousands of bombs  Will carry weapons including ten 1,000-pound GBU-32 JDAMs, two 88-lb AIM-9X  Will also be renovated to make it even more powerful because of President Trump's increased budget for the navy By Dailymail.com Reporter Published: 21:54 EDT, 12 June 2017 | Updated: 11:17 EDT, 13 June 2017 e-mail 147 shares 59 View comments A US Navy missile carrier is  headed for Syria with a massive load of ten 1,000-pound bombs. The aircraft, called the F/A-18F, will be carrying GBU-32 JDAMs,  two 88-lb AIM-9X Sidewinders - a short-range air-to-air missile - and several other weapons. It is so powerful that a pilot can attack ten different large battle-ground areas in one mission. But there are still renovations underway for the aircraft as well as others in the navy. This sect of the armed forces has decided to upgrade the missile carriers, manufactured by Boeing, because of an increased budget and will put it to use in war-torn countries like Syria in 2019.  A US Navy aircraft is headed for Syria with a massive load of ten 1,000-pound bombs. Pictured is the F/A-18F Super Hornet, which is fully loaded with ten GBU-32 1,000 pound bombs aboard the aircraft carrier The aircraft is designed in such a way that a pilot can attack ten different large battle-ground areas in one mission Features of the Super Hornet Produces a combined 44,00-pound of thrust Has 11 weapon stations Weighs 32,100 lb when empty but has a maximum weight of 66,000 lb Travels at a speed of Mach 1.8 - almost twice the speed of sound Each engine thrusts up to 17,000 lbs Powered by 2 x General Electric F14-GE-400 series turbo fans Aircraft’s service ceiling is around 50,000 feet and rate of climb is 44.890 ft per minute Can carry missiles, bombs and jettinsonable fuels Boeing first pitched this upgrade in 2008, the Aviation Week reported, but it has not become a reality until now because President Trump's administration has allocated $639  billion -  $56 billion dollars more than Barack Obama's budgeted -  for the defense team. The manufacturing giant Boeing said that the reconstruction of the Super Hornet - the fleet the F/A-18F is a part of - was to  create 'a balanced approach to survivability, including electronic warfare and self-protection.' These renovations are happening so the US army can compete at a time when there is international unrest over weapon-use. A high-tech computer called the Distributed Targeting Processor Network as well as new display for the pilots  will be installed in the fighter jet. Boeing also hopes to maximize the speed of the jets by installing Conformal Fuel Tanks, which are designed to make the jets even more aerodynamic.  President Trump has allocated $ 639 billion to the defense team - $56 billion dollars more than Barack Obama's budgeted  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next US Air Force grounds dozens of F-35 stealth fighter jets... US pilot, 53, crashes his light aircraft after satnav sends... Share this article Share Boeing says the purpose of the reconstruction of the Super Hornet is to create 'a balanced approach to survivability, including electronic warfare and self-protection' Electronic upgrades will allow pilots to detect threats early and to communicate better among themselves during battles  The pilot flying the jet will also be able to see oncoming threats faster and easier because of a long-range infrared sensor that will be added to the jets. Other jets which will be used during battle are the EA-18s and the F-35Cs. The electronic improvements on all the jets will allow the pilots to communicate better to create an accurate picture of the battle field.   'You can have an F-35 in its very stealthy way doing a deep-strike mission with Super Hornet providing air superiority at that same range, or you can have Super Hornet carrying large standoff weapons that F-35 cannot carry, with F-35 providing some air cover,' Dan Gillian, program manager at Boeing,  told Aviation Week.     Share or comment on this article e-mail 147 shares Most watched News videos Rappers shot at by police during 'carjacking' in music video Rescue dog thinks life is just paw-some in new home Pilot shows incredible skill by flying at a very low-altitude Woman plunges to her death due to faulty elevator shaft Baseball gunman says he's tired of being 'pushed around' Merging car collides with 4WD in WA - but who is in the wrong? Passenger crashes through window during knife attack on KC bus Weather balloon has extremely close call with Airbus A319 Suspect arrested for murders of mother and her daughters in Ohio Leaked footage reveals Malcolm Turnbull roasting Donald Tump Rep. Steve Scalise wheeled into a helicopter after being shot Trump visits wounded congressman at Washington hospital Principal withheld diploma from senior class president... 'God has decided': Putin claims it is his 'duty' to stop... Dennis Rodman presents Trump's 'The Art of the Deal' and... Woman sues grocery chain Publix after her husband fell... Hilarious video shows an adorable lion cub 'urinating' on... ISIS 'captures Osama bin Laden's Tora Bora cave hideout'... Numero uno! Elderly woman, 90, is now the ONLY person... 'Any chance he got, he did it': Man, 38, 'repeatedly... Man, 19, 'beats his mother in a fight over a... Most Americans think Trump meddled in the Russia probe -... Oklahoma man is arrested for planning 'to rape a NEWBORN... Man, 28, is arrested for raping 13-year-old girl after... GOP lawmaker and Trump ally says he ‘will now be carrying... Wife is arrested after diabetic husband is found covered... 'It smelled like rotten onions mixed with sewage': Family... Her palace awaits: Selfie-loving party girl, 25, who... Are you watching, Mr Putin? US supersonic bombers... Heart-stopping moment Utah man escapes death by swerving... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 59 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Corinne Olympios walks her dog in LA as she is seen for first time since drunk encounter with DeMario shut down Bachelor In Paradise production Keeping up with her curves! Kylie Jenner flaunts her full chest in skintight top for Snapchat The 19-year-old showed off her chest Why I quit weed: Miley Cyrus opens up about her decision to stop smoking marijuana on Jimmy Fallon  Came as she prepares to release album Suddenly shy? Bella Thorne covers her face with scarf wrapped around her head... after 'former fling Scott Disick sent her roses' Trying to go incognito Still got it! Evergreen Cindy Crawford, 51, stuns in a blue shift dress as she steps out to promote San Benedetto water in Venice Kaia Gerber rocks double denim as she enjoys outing with gal pal in New York Seen in NYC as mom Cindy Crawford stepped out in Venice Fancy meeting you here! Jessica Biel explodes with joy after bumping into pal during casual stroll in New York Stretched her legs on a sunny day in New York What an ace! Serena Williams shows off burgeoning baby belly while dominating on tennis court despite being seven months pregnant 'Save the date!' Brynne Edelsten appears to announce that she's engaged just six months after starting a Tinder profile ...but who's the man? Woody Allen roasts former girlfriend Diane Keaton while presenting her with AFI Lifetime Achievement Award The 81-year-old director playfully roasted his ex The Fat Jew causes a stir in NYC as he celebrates National Rosé Day with a parade of gospel singers and a giant wine bottle SPONSORED On cloud nine! Flip Or Flop's Christina El Moussa can't stop smiling on dinner date with new beau wearing thigh-high boots and flirty floral dress Swim season! Karolina Kurkova flaunts figure in red bikini and patterned bathing suits for photo shoot in Miami She highlighted her sculpted frame She's in vacation mode! Reese Witherspoon is summer chic in pink stripped dress with beach umbrella pattern on LA shopping trip She said yes! Eliza Dushku announces her engagement to businessman Peter Palandjian She is officially off the market Brushing off the controversy: Chloe Lattanzi shares another revealing snap of herself after being criticized for looking 'unhealthy' She hit back a trolls Straight INTO Compton! Dr. Dre donates $10 million to Compton High School toward future performing arts complex Generous donation Spot on! Paris Hilton looks pretty in sheer LBD as she attends What We Started screening in Santa Monica Rocking a LBD Twitter pokes fun at Jay Z over stream-of-consciousness rant on his influences including 'greatest rapper of all-time Obama' Gwyneth Paltrow looks like she's been crying as she covers her face in NYC after announcing she has pretty much retired from acting to run Goop Miami heat! Johnny Manziel's fiancée Bre Tiesi shows off jaw-dropping bikini bod during Florida beach getaway Wore a tiny bikini Mom on duty! Alessandra Ambrosio goes comfortable in T-shirt and tiny shorts enjoys a day out with her mini-me daughter Anja in LA EXCLUSIVE: 'She's no victim!' Bachelor in Paradise contestant Jasmine Goode tells how Corinne was never upset over her sexy times with DeMario  'My character has been assassinated': Bachelor in Paradise's DeMario Jackson says he's been fired from job after drunken hook-up scandal Ivanka Trump and her children attend Congressional baseball where hero cop who saved Steve Scalise throws the first pitch Worked the crowd Ashton Kutcher reveals name he and Mila Kunis almost had for son Dimitri... and it was fairy tale related Revealed the name they almost gave their son Bikini malfunction! Justin Bieber's rumored ex Sahara Ray flashes her nipple piercing as her top falls off during Mexican beach photo shoot Salud! Jennifer Lopez pours up shots as she shimmers in sequined robe on music video set with Cuban group Gente de Zona In the Florida Keys That's a racy arrival! Desperate Housewives star Teri Hatcher totters into town in a pair of sexy thigh high boots in Sydney, Australia Turning heads I'm not just his 'baby mama' says Jagger's ballerina lover: Melanie Hamrick speaks for the first time about her relationship with the Rolling Stone Empire state of style! Olivia Munn is a fierce fashionista in a cute black patterned midi while out in New York Snapped in Gotham on the sunny day Kesha dons colorful pant suit as she clutches onto beau Brad Ashenfelter's hand while walking through LAX Kesha, 30, looked smitten with boyfriend 'I messed up': Elizabeth Banks apologizes for saying Steven Spielberg 'never' casts female leads... after she's reminded he created The Color Purple Miley Cyrus wears earrings spelling out her and fiancé Liam Hemsworth's names but jokes she had to buy them herself because he's a 'cheapskate' Date night! Luke Hemsworth suits up alongside wife Samantha at premiere of Tupac biography All Eyez On Me Hemsworth brother America's Got Talent contestant was killed in a car crash after his friend fell asleep at the wheel - just weeks before he was set to star on the reality show Ravishing in red! Kelly Rowland shows off her incredible figure in a flared velour jumpsuit as she performs at the launch of new Coca-Cola drink Ready to Kick-Ass! Chloe Grace Moretz carries cup of coffee as she arrives on set of new Louis CK movie She grabbed a pre-shoot pick-me-up Kelly Ripa models hairy 'dad bod' bathing suit on talk show... and jokes she'll wear it every day The 46-year-old mother-of-three first did a little striptease 'We just want to see how tight your a** is': Emmy Rossum was asked to audition for a role in a bikini so director could see if she 'was fat now' Mission accomplished! Salma Hayek departs LAX in casual chic style after promoting new film Beatriz At Dinner Kept it simple wearing a bright white T-shirt 'It was kind of genius!' Comedian Chris Rock praises Jerry Seinfeld for THAT awkward red carpet snub with Kesha Seinfeld rejected her request for a hug Is this what made her dump Tyga? Kylie Jenner is warned by a medium that she needs to 'set boundaries' on an 'unhealthy relationship' Revealing conversation  Her big day! Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's daughter North looks at her cake as she celebrates her fourth birthday at Chuck E Cheese's 'One of the greatest thrills of my life': Larry King, 83, beams with sons Cannon, 19, and Chance, 20, as elder brother gets picked by White Sox in MLB draft 'She was so nice to me': Zoe Kravitz reveals Nicole Kidman FORGOT no one knew the actress was engaged to her father Lenny and tells how the pair bonded  Jet setting couple! Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan catch a flight out of LAX Jenna led the way in jeans with a striped top and khaki jacket 'I had to let something go': Aisha Tyler tearfully announces she will be leaving The Talk after six years as host Actress was consoled by her fellow co-hosts Holy tribute! Bat Signal shines over the sky in downtown Los Angeles in honor of late Batman star Adam West In honor of late Batman star Adam West From Louboutins to flip flops! Jennifer Lopez looks dressed down on Shades Of Blue set after sexing it up for music video Casual look Busy mom! Natalie Portman has her hands full as she jets out of LA with baby daughter Amalia and son Aleph She guided her little ones through the airport Married! RHOA star Kenya Moore weds a businessman in St Lucia... but does not want to reveal his identity yet Secret romance Reporting for mom duty! Angelina Jolie dresses in head-to-toe black as she heads to military supply store with son Knox Outing in Hollywood Mommy's mini-me! Heidi Klum goes shopping with her look-alike daughter Leni, 13, in New York City Close-knit pair  smiled and held hands  Kim Kardashian is accused of 'wearing blackface' by furious Twitter users who claim her skin was made 'darker' in photo for new makeup collection Heaven scent! Poppy Delevingne flashes her cleavage in plunging white summer dress as she joins Jaime King at Los Angeles fragrance launch Hollywood star Rebel Wilson could be awarded 'MILLIONS' after winning her defamation case against Woman's Day Won her case Rise and fall of Whitney the tragic star: Can I Be Me? is an engrossing music documentary that is also terribly sad  BRIAN VINER reviews Whitney: Can I be me? Screen siren Hayley Atwell showcases her signature vintage style in figure-hugging forties inspired dress as she leads the charge at Hamlet opening Thor gets hammered! Actor Chris Hemsworth snaps surf board battling stormy swell on Gold Coast The Hollywood star ran into trouble on Thursday Putting on her best face! Megyn Kelly pops into Park Avenue skin care clinic to see her dermatologist after defending decision to interview Alex Jones  'So nice to have a kitchen': Inside the lavish properties John Legend has been calling home as he tours the US with Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna Spritz on a winner like Elska Hosk! Find your perfect summer scent among the perfumes and colognes that won big at the Fragrance Foundation Awards Princess Mary looks intently at her nude stilettos as she and husband Prince Frederik wait at airport to welcome Japan's Crown Prince Naruhito Leonardo DiCaprio forced to hand back Marlon Brando's Oscar gifted to him by 'corrupt' Wolf of Wall Street production partners as federal investigation into stolen $540m continues She's a fashion superhero! Gal Gadot forgoes designer stilettos at the Wonder Woman premiere for a pair of affordable '90s favorites Lusty lady! Khloe Kardashian puts her chest on display in leather sweetheart bustier to sell new Good American zip-up mini skirt 'We hope to confirm a record tomorrow': Simon Cowell announces plans to release a fundraising single for victims of the Grenfell Tower blaze Charlie's Angels vet Jaclyn Smith, 71, looks slender in suit on date night with hubby ... after revealing she drinks kale and broccoli smoothies for breakfast Lady Kitty cuddles up to Walliams: Diana's niece is pictured dining with the comedian in Mayfair  She is clearly not lacking male attention Zoe Kravitz looks pretty in pink as her Rough Night promo tour rolls on in New York City She stopped by Goof Morning America to talk about various projects Looks like Kendall Jenner doesn't have Kylie's magic touch with make-up! Estee Lauder reveals it is discontinuing brand fronted by the model Karrueche Tran finally granted five year restraining order against ex Chris Brown after threats of violence The 29-year-old had been battling for months Getting bigger by the day! Bristol Palin shares a sweet video of her wide-eyed newborn daughter Atlee Bay curled up on her chest like a 'turtle' Fashion forward Olivia Palermo cuts a stylish figure as she works daring white suit at luxury beauty launch in London Pulled out fashion stops  Game Of Thrones star Alfie Allen packs on the PDA with topless blonde companion as they hit the beach during romantic Spanish getaway Laverne Cox poses up a storm outside ABC's The View... after demonstrating her 'signature dance move' The 32-year-old looked fierce as ever  Just like dad! Patrick Schwarzenegger, 23, channels his father Arnold, 69, by showing off his muscular chest on a Santa Monica beach Will Ferrell and John Lithgow lock lips as fellow grandad Mel Gibson enters the fray in first trailer for Daddy's Home 2 Sequel to hit movie Suri Cruise sports cute bow in her hair and a pretty pink dress as she steps out with laidback Katie Holmes in NYC The 11-year-old looking more like mom everyday David Beckham shows off his man bun after touching down in New York... as he prepares to celebrate his 18th wedding anniversary with wife Victoria TV host and cancer survivor who was body-shamed after sharing photo of herself in a swimsuit hits out at bullies, insisting she is proud of her body Rob Kardashian's model ex marries billionairess' son in spectacular $6million English society wedding - where Robin Thicke sang for happy couple Radiant Jessica Alba looks oh so chic as she carries $2,000 designer handbag and greets fans in New York City before appearing on The View Dustin Johnson and fiancee Paulina Gretzky welcome son River in a C-section scheduled before the US Open - as  proud dad insists name was his wife's idea Model Iskra Lawrence teases at her famed curves in stomach-grazing crop top and maxi skirt out in New York City Dramatic tie-back detail She never goes out of style! Julia Roberts, 49, re-creates Pretty Woman shopping scene during commercial for Italian fashion brand Calzedonia Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries goes braless in crop top and white jeans as she heads to DJing gig in New York City Displayed toned figure  Charles said: Why can't you be all jolly like Fergie? Diana's tapes reveal how the Queen thought she was neurotic and the Queen Mother disliked her David Hasselhoff's daughter Hayley strikes plea deal to install breathalyzer in her car following DUI Aarrested after passing out behind the wheel She should give her glam squad a raise! Hailey Baldwin is nearly unrecognizable with no makeup on and hair pulled back as she steps out in NYC 'Please don't do this to our movies': Seth Rogen joins growing army of irate Hollywood stars as studio releases 'clean' family-versions of their films  Gigi Hadid looks sophisticated in baby-blue sweater and high-waisted pants as she steps out for another busy day in New York City Married at First Sight couple who are the only pair yet to consummate their marriage this season continue to fight, as he claims they are stuck in a 'rut' Age-defying Hollywood legend Goldie Hawn, 71, looks sensational in a plunging black swimsuit on sun-soaked Greece boat trip with Kurt Russell She's a star in every decade! From a '20s flapper to an '80s singer, Zendaya models 100 years of beauty looks in just 90 seconds in a new Vogue video Flower power! Ivanka Trump smiles happily as she steps out in a bright red $2,500 floral frock, before addressing U.S. governors at the White House Cosby grins and Constand shoots hoops in courthouse hallway as jury is ordered back to deliberate after they announce they STILL can't reach a verdict  Style sisters! Princess Madeleine is fabulous in florals while sibling Victoria stuns in silver as they join family members at music awards in Stockholm Jennifer Lawrence steps out for the first time since frightening emergency landing of her private plane The 26-year-old was spotted with pal in NYC Phil Mickelson withdraws from the U.S. Open - the only Major he has not won - in order to attend his daughter's high school graduation Family comes first Superbod! Jonah Hill looks buff in Lovin' Life T-shirt after shedding a whopping 40lbs as he's seen on the Los Angeles set of his directorial debut Mid '90s The A-list entourage! Leonardo DiCaprio enjoys stroll with pals Tobey Maguire and Orlando Bloom in NYC Hollywood trio hung out in East Village Sofia Richie bares her belly during WeHo restaurant outing with guy pal The 18-year-old model was rocking her latest choppy blonde bob 'Bashful Scott Disick sends former fling Bella roses' after she publicly slammed him... but ex Kourtney Kardashian receives VERY similar bouquet 'I don't need any big parties': Nicole Kidman reveals plans for a low-key 50th birthday next week with 'divine' husband Keith Urban and her children Happy birthday, Mummy! Princess Anne looks HAPPY as she celebrates Queen Elizabeth's big day - at a belated party 450 miles away in GERMANY Katie Couric's top producer Tony Maciulis exits Yahoo after a decade working with the former Today show host as rumors swirl she could be next Death of a groupie: She bedded at least two Rolling Stones. But as she dies at 73, Anita Pallenberg's life of debauchery and drugs is a cautionary tale  Pamela Anderson shows off her famous curves in plunging 50s-style dress as she visits 'boyfriend' Julian Assange at Ecuadorian Embassy in London Their love is permanent! Ariel Winter, 19, and boyfriend Levi Meaden, 29, get two matching tattoos... after she has a snake inked on her arm Up to his old tricks! Duke of Edinburgh criticizes young school kids' handwriting on visit to school in London Elizabeth's hubby stirs up controversy again  'We couldn't have wished for a kinder and bigger-hearted boy': Sweden's Princess Madeleine pays tribute to her son Nicolas as he turns two  Lily Allen accuses the media of 'downplaying' the Grenfell Tower tragedy by deliberately underestimating the death toll - which she claims is 'closer to 150'  'I am so proud that I get to raise my boys to love women': Elizabeth Banks on how she is raising her two young sons to be feminists Revealing interview Sylvester Stallone's daughter Sophia, 20, slips into lacy bralette as she joins her father and sisters Sistine and Scarlet for family dinner in LA Mixed signals: Kiss star Gene Simmons tries to trademark the 'rock on' hand sign... but it's also the American Sign Language gesture for 'love' From reality star to model! Blac Chyna poses up a storm in racy outfits to plug her clothing line as she takes break from TV's Rob & Chyna They Can Feel The Love! Elton John plants a tender kiss on husband David Furnish as they attend summer wedding with sweet sons Elijah and Zachary Ansel Elgort's girlfriend Violetta Komyshan wears revealing dress to Baby Driver premiere in LA... before cutting some shapes with her beau  British royals William, Harry and Kate donate to emergency fund for victims of the London tower block blaze as they urge others to give generously Less is more! FEMAIL reveals the easy to assemble outfits to have in your summer wardrobe inspired by Nicole Richie, Heidi Klum and more Elizabeth Banks was told to get a boob job by an agent when she was first starting out in Hollywood - and now she's pleased she couldn't afford it at time Playboy model Katie May's estate files wrongful death lawsuit against chiropractor whose 'forceful and aggressive adjustments caused her fatal stroke' 'I'm married to Wonder Women': Jim Gaffigan says his wife is doing 'great' one month after mother of five had brain tumor removed in nine-hour surgery Life's a beach! Pierce Brosnan and wife Keely Shaye Smith enjoy another day by the sea in Sardinia, before taking a stroll through quaint Italian town 90s kid: Bella Hadid goes braless in a bardot top and combat pants as she heads out to dinner with sister Gigi at Japanese restaurant Nobu in NYC Smiling again! Patton Oswalt makes red carpet debut with new girlfriend Meredith Salenger one year after wife's death Overcoming heartache 'We wouldn't still be married if I was as miserable as I look': Victoria Beckham poses in swimsuit for Vogue Netherlands as she talks about home life Kate Upton shows off her ample assets and sensational curves in a plunging figure-hugging blue dress as she joins Rumer Willis for vodka bash Making a hospital visit? Jay Z leaves his Beverly Hills mansion amid frenzied rumors that Beyonce has 'given birth to twin boy and girl' at LA medical center Feeling the heat! Ariel Winter wears skintight crop top and tiny print frilled shorts as she steps out with boyfriend Levi Meaden Dressed for the LA heat Yoko Ono could get songwriting credit for John Lennon's classic track Imagine 46 years after its first release Legend;s widow is now 84 years old Sheer illusion: Rachel McCord tricks the eye in a nude swimsuit and lacy cover up as she poses for a daring hillside photoshoot Kid sister of  AnnaLynne      DON'T MISS 'At least I tried': Diplo recruits James Corden as he makes fun at being ranked third best in bed by ex-girlfriend Katy Perry Laughs about comment 'A lot of people don't realize their power!': Spider-Man: Homecoming star Zendaya talks standing up for herself as she appears on Vogue Makeup-free Elle Fanning exhibits her toned stomach in a skimpy pink sports bra and tiny shorts as she heads to the gym in Los Angeles 'I feel really lucky': LuAnn de Lesseps drops her Countess title and ties the knot in Palm Beach wedding with Tom D'Agostino on RHONY Sun's out, buns out! Johnny Manziel's fiancée Bre Tiesi strolls along beach in Miami in strapless nude bikini She showed off her bikini body on the beach Gordon Ramsay's OWN Hotel Hell as his $250-a-night B&B sinks into a MILLION dollar debt and guests slam poor service More trouble for chef 'When swimwear becomes your attire for the day': Coco Austin squeezes her eye-popping curves and tiny waist into skin tight swimsuit 'She was hugging everyone to comfort them': Adele is praised by fans as she makes low-key appearance at scene of tragic London tower block blaze Back on dad duty! Scott Disick reunites with his children for lunch outing... as Bella Thorne dishes about his drinking and partying in Cannes Jet-set chic: Elegant Olivia Munn touches down at Washington DC airport in a flowing white midi dress and matching platform shoes Actress looked relaxed  Ivanka leads siblings Donald Jr, Eric and Tiffany in wishing President Trump happy birthday in special White House gathering Posted on Instagram. Jamie Foxx hits the red carpet with his daughters for the Los Angeles premiere of Baby Driver after arriving in $2million Bugatti supercar Baker who supplied loaves to Kate and William's wedding tells Prince Harry how his staff threw bread crates at terrorists to save lives in London attack 'Pregnant' Carey Mulligan displays her rounded bump in oversized blue shirt as she resumes filming for new crime drama Collateral Sending pulses racing! Formula One star Jenson Button's model girlfriend Brittny Ward oozes sex appeal as she goes topless for racy Instagram snaps Wearing her heart on her sleeve! Openly pansexual Miley Cyrus continues to show her pride in a colorful get-up Continues to celebrate LGBTQ pride month 'I'm not a con artist, I didn't con people': Katy Perry says she's evolved in her image and career She opened up about how she's evolved 'It's something my nanna always told me': Rebel Wilson STILL believes she is related to Walt Disney - as she celebrates a victorious end to her court battle Makeup-free beauty Irina Shayk flashes incredibly flat midriff as she goes fruit shopping at farmer's market... just three months after welcoming baby  A bella bombshell! Khloe Kardashian shows off her curves in tight black mini dress that is both low-cut and super short as she leaves Italian restaurant 'Who am I if not the American Idol guy?' Ryan Seacrest reveals he still might sign up for ABC's reboot of his iconic show 'Always loved the show' Emotional Rita Ora lends her support to London apartment block relief effort after horrific blaze at her 'childhood haunt' leaves at least 12 dead Pregnant Julia Stiles shows off her baby bump in a low-cut dress with a subtle star print as she attends Paris photocall for her new TV series Riviera It's not even Twilight yet! Ashley Greene and fiance Paul Khoury put on a VERY enamored display as they pack on the PDA at Baby Driver premiere Kourtney Kardashian shares peek at renovated pantry hours before posting snap of herself in crop top and jeans She hates 'clutter' Taking the plunge! Lais Ribeiro dons cleavage-baring glistening ensemble to Fragrance Foundation Awards Victoria's Secret model looked sensational 'All hail the Queen!': NeNe Leakes trumpets her return to Real Housewives of Atlanta season 10 with racy photo shoot Show made her famous 'I wouldn't even consider that I would have a chance!' Jimmy Fallon reveals why he rejected Nicole Kidman's advances TWICE Queen Elizabeth and the Duke of Edinburgh pay an emotional tribute to 18 young children who lost their lives when a WWI bomb hit a London school Grin City: Jessica Alba keeps it casual in a striped shirt and cropped jeans as she strolls through NYC with a friend Chic and cheerful  'The Lord said, "I will destroy man..." So don't forget your sunscreen': Brad Pitt returns as the hilariously pessimistic weatherman on The Jim Jefferies Show Zendaya flaunts toned legs in thigh-skimming blue tutu as she poses with co-star Tom Holland for Spider-Man: Homecoming photocall in London Spot the difference! Photo gallery reveals the stark contrast between iconic pop culture images before and after they were censored for Middle Eastern audience In bloom! Katie Holmes highlights her figure in beaded white gown for the Fragrance Awards Hit the carpet in a fitted white dress with colorful floral beading Khloe Kardashian wells up with emotion remembering her beloved father Robert Kardashian Sr. on Hollywood Medium He died of cancer New romance? Charlize Theron is 'dating' Halle Berry's ex Gabriel Aubry as the two are spotted laughing near LA beach Spotted together 'His face melts my heart': Ryan Lochte and fiancée Kayla Rae Reid post first picture of baby Caiden Zane... as she reveals she endured 26 HOUR labor Mick Jagger's daughter Georgia May  flaunts enviably toned stomach in tiny crop top as she's joined by pal Suki Waterhouse for her clothing launch in LA Crossing guard! Hilary Duff flashes her toned pins as she keeps a close eye on son Luca as he scoots across the road Attentive mom 'I don't have time to miss them': Jada Pinkett Smith on how she copes with her empty nest when Willow, 16, and Jaden, 18, are jetsetting for work Hitting the shops! Mandy Moore looks stylish in midi summer dress as she steps out for retail therapy in Beverly Hills She was all smiles Jet-setting duo! Robin Thicke, 40, and gorgeous girlfriend April Love Geary, 22, return to LA after romantic Parisian vacation Whirlwind few days American beach beauty! Mena Suvari dons black bikini while sunbathing in Malibu The 38-year-old actress was snapped soaking up the sun in Malibu Remember them? '90s Superman star Dean Cain goes unnoticed as he takes a walk at the Sydney Opera House with Buffy The Vampire Slayer's Julie Benz The Best Of Both Worlds! Miley Cyrus goes undercover in a brunette wig and shades as she goes busking with Jimmy Fallon in the New York subway White hot! Zoe Kravitz looks gorgeous in a figure-hugging dress at the New York premiere of her movie Gemini alongside co-star Lola Kirke For a good cause! Nicky Hilton wows in purple frock for animal charity gala with husband James Rothschild Wore a ruffled dress 'I'd love to have my father's advice': Naomi Watts reveals ongoing struggle with father's death after he died from a heroin overdose when she was just seven Rising star! Maddie Ziegler makes her movie debut as The Song Of Henry premieres at Los Angeles Film Festival She's just 14 years old Hand in hand! Solange Knowles and hubby Alan Ferguson keep close during stroll in West Hollywood Cut an elegant figure in a flowing white dress What's the time Mr Wolverine? Hugh Jackman looks suave as he flashes an expensive watch at Montblanc Heritage launch in Italy What harlots! Kirsten Dunst and Elle Fanning flash ANKLES in saucy '1860s Girls Gone Wild' parody video filmed behind the scenes of their new period drama All eyes on her! Kat Graham rocks sheer black dress that shows off her fabulous figure at the LA premiere of Tupac Shakur biopic Looking good  Ruth Wilson looks elegant in a tailored blush trouser suit at star-studded LAMDA gala... as fans go wild for the return of Luther Pretty in pink  'I'd like to go full 50 Shades with him': Blushing singer Liam Payne bursts out laughing as he reads out filthy fan tweets on radio show Tattoo time! Ariel Winter takes to Snapchat to share new body art of sinuous snake slithering on forearm Teen is inked up Ignored by her husband, terrified of her public role and devastated that Charles was back with Camilla. The latest revelations from Diana's tapes Trying to keep a low profile? Jordan Barrett, 20, wears a scarf over his head as he slurps soup with a male friend in NYC's trendy SoHo district Glamorous Pamela Anderson cuts a demure figure in nude floor-grazing gown as she leads the style at Global Gift Gala Turning heads Elsa Hosk stuns in little black dress with sheer skirt at The Fragrance Foundation Awards in New York City The 28-year-old Swedish model stunned in a LBD From one court to another! Rebel Wilson blows off steam during a tennis lesson with Todd Woodbridge before winning her defamation case  Bag lady! Vanessa Hudgens wears revealing crop top as she indulges in shopping spree in Los Angeles Looks like she had spent a pretty penny Now that's shocking pink! Bella Thorne reveals new neon hairdo after spilling on Scott Disick's 'hardcore' drinking and their failed fling Low-key landing! Jennifer Hudson arrives in Sydney, Australia wearing trackpants, hoodie and sneakers  Will appear on The Voice Australia's live show  'NO airtime for this orange person': TV hit Broad City takes a stand against President Trump by bleeping out his NAME every time it is mentioned Well she does have a thing for musicians! Kirsten Dunst dons black lace sweater while actor fiance Jesse Plemons lugs his guitar at airport 'They're just drumming up drama': Luann D'Agostino slams NY fellow housewives for 'totally untrue' cheating rumors about husband Tom Using lingerie to sell lipstick! Kylie Jenner poses in a sheer lace bra to plug Lip Kit shade... but this is far from a new trick Shared to Instagram  'I'm a victim': Bachelor in Paradise's Corinne Olympios hires high-powered Hollywood attorney to get 'justice' after 'blackout' drunken hook-up with DeMario  EXCLUSIVE: 'He was sitting by the pool and Corinne put her p***y in his face.' Friend of Bachelor in Paradise's DeMario says Olympios was the aggressor Jennifer Lawrence's gym secrets revealed: Personal trainer the star credits for her 'delicious but healthy life' reveals how she got in amazing shape Keeping it casual! Jessica Alba sports beige coat and jeans as she jets into New York... after glamming it up at Planet Of The Apps event PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Game Of Thrones star Alfie Allen gets to grips with topless beach blonde as he attentively applies suncream during Spanish getaway Chloe Grace Moretz looks naturally gorgeous as she joins John Malkovich on set for new Louis C.K. project in NYC Wore multiple outfits EXCLUSIVE: Serena and Venus Williams' dad files for divorce from wife, 38, who 'forged his signature to transfer property to her name,' he claims in court docs Longtime love! Alessandra Ambrosio cuts effortlessly stylish figure in jeans as she holds hands with fiancé Jamie Mazur during stroll  Rebel Wilson reveals she got through trial by imagining kissing Liam Hemsworth during stressful parts... as she WINS defamation case against magazine  She left her lingerie at home! Jennifer Lopez goes bra and panty free in semi-sheer yellow gown to shoot video for Spanish love song in Florida 'I can't tie this around my butt!' Iggy Azalea pokes fun at her famous booty before getting a vegetable hurled at her on The Late Late Show James Corden's show 'Don't ever call me that, it hurts my feelings': Hailey Baldwin scolds critics who label her as an 'Insta model' while insisting she 'works her a** off' for her success 'OK I'm too skinny.... I am in so much pain': Chloe Lattanzi addresses THAT 'unhealthy' picture and reveals she has been 'sobbing for an hour' 'I wish I could dance like I fight': Ruby Rose flaunts taut abs during stunt training flashback for John Wick 2... before being elbowed in the face by Keanu Reeves Laverne Cox stuns in crop top and matching skirt as she joins Taylor Schilling at SiriusXM to promote Orange Is The New Black New season of her show 'Kindergarten here we come!' Proud Jessica Simpson shares snap of 5-year-old daughter Maxwell in cap and gown at preschool graduation  'Their fates were sealed': George Clooney's father says the actor fell for 'remarkable' Amal the first time he met her at a dinner party in 2013 Bathing beauty Elle Fanning makes a splash in edgy new cover shoot to promote new film The Beguiled  Actress graces the cover of Dazed magazine Gwyneth Paltrow strolls in yacht-print skirt... and reveals whether she'd ever get back together with Brad Pitt Revealed guilty pleasure In full bloom! As Nicole Kidman and Heidi Klum step out in floral dresses with a modern twist, shop FEMAIL's edit of 24 botanical-inspired frocks Excited fans go into meltdown as Kim Kardashian announces her FIRST solo beauty collection (but is she 'stealing' Kylie's thunder?) Prince Philip's cousin Countess Mountbatten, who survived the IRA bomb that killed her father and her son, dies at the age of 93  God mother to Charles Flying under the radar! New Yorkers fail to recognize Katie Holmes as the former Mrs Tom Cruise strolls down busy street after coffee run 'I just threw up in my mouth a little': Ben Stiller and ex Christine Taylor share a sassy exchange for charity Dodgeball reunion after marriage split 'It could have f**ked me!' Lorde reflects on her meteoric success at the tender age of 16... and admits she 'still sucks at being famous' She struggled to adapt Blessed! Diddy unveils enormous tattoo of Virgin Mary and Child covering his entire back after topping Forbes rich list Rap mogul's giant inking Puppy love! Gigi Hadid flaunts her midriff as she dotes on boyfriend Zayn Malik's dog at the park Took the pooch for a walk in New York City Trial weary Cosby looks glum as jury breaks for the night without a verdict just hours after he arrived in court smiling and giving the thumbs-up The Young and the Restless star Corey Sligh indicted by federal grand jury on charges of child molestation after 'making 8-year-old girl touch his penis' Princess Beatrice shows off her edgy workwear look in a skater skirt and pink socks as she takes a break from the office in Manhattan White hot! Shay Mitchell flashes major leg at Pretty Little Liars event in flirty mini dress The 30-year-old showed some skin in a playful white and polka dot shirt  Wild at heart! Reese Witherspoon shows off her adventurous spirit on a wilderness trip with 13-year-old son Deacon Blonde actress, 41, took to instagram  Shirtless Pierce Brosnan, 64, hits the beach with his swimsuit-clad wife Keely Shaye Smith while on a romantic getaway to Sardinia Suited and booted! Miley Cyrus wears blazer and over-the-knee leather heels to film a skit for Saturday Night Live Been on show six times  'I'm the worst texter!' Maddie Ziegler discusses Dance Moms drama and vows to use more emoticons Prodigy, 14, discussed her rocketing career 'Fat women and moms are robbed of sexuality': Size 22 model Tess Holliday shares sultry selfie to 'remind herself' that she 'deserves to feel sexy' Today's headlines Most Read Alex Jones releases secret TAPE of Megyn Kelly: Infowars founder double-crosses 'fraud' NBC host with covert... EXCLUSIVE - The final video of Otto Warmbier: Family release film of American student having a snowball... Georgia Republican congressional candidate is sent white powder with a note saying 'resist the fascist... 'My ex-husband wouldn't fake his own death': Ex-wife of Navy sailor, 23, who was found alive after hiding in... Two escaped prisoners are CAPTURED after shooting at cops during 100mph car chase three days after they... DEADLOCKED! Cosby jury is sent home for another night after failing to reach a verdict AGAIN - while the... Bill Cosby accuser Lili Bernard angrily faces off with the comedian's supporters outside courthouse where... Stunned Starbucks customer who ordered coffee while wearing a Trump t-shirt is stunned as barista mockingly... Trump reverses Obama's course on Cuba with new restrictions on visits and threat of Treasury audit for... Jared Kushner's finances and business dealings are 'being investigated by Robert Mueller as part of the... Most Americans think Trump meddled in the Russia probe - and just one in five think he was right to fire... Senate overwhelmingly passes new sanctions to punish Russia for election meddling by 98-2 vote – and Trump... Trump launches all-out attack on 'crooked Hillary', saying she smashed phones and bleached servers - but his... 'We're proud to support The Public Theater': Time Warner CEO defends company's sponsorship after uproar over... Another investigation into Comey's firing as Senate Judiciary Committee announces probe - and it will also... Putin says he'll offer Comey asylum in Russia if the Trump administration prosecutes him Trump takes Melania to celebrate getting his man on the Supreme Court as First Couple attend Justice Neil... President Trump kicks off the Congressional baseball game as hero cop who saved Steve Scalise throws the... Republican congressman says TRUMP is partly to blame for 'demons that have been unleashed' in lead up to... 'I'm here to change the tax laws': Wife of Congress shooter reveals what he told her about why he moved to... Baseball gunman had foster daughter, 17, who committed suicide by dousing her body in gasoline and then... Mike Pence lawyers up and hires leading former federal prosecutor to handle inquiries from Russian election... Uber driver crashes into a Secret Service officer guarding Trump after the President's trip to see Steve... 'I think it saved our lives': Quick-thinking mother protected her family from Grenfell Tower inferno by... The homes of rich people in Kensington should be SEIZED for Grenfell Tower residents made homeless by fire,... 'Tell her you love her': Fireman handed his phone to brother for heartbreaking last call with his sister who... 'People have lost their lives. I can't bear it': Ethiopian taxi driver whose 'faulty fridge started the... Thank you, mum: Trapped couple's heart-rending final phone calls home to their parents as fire crept into... 'How many children died, Mr Khan, and what are you going to do about it?' London Mayor is confronted by a... MORE HEADLINES Freed N. Korean captive Otto Warmbier is in a vegetative state: Doctors say student has suffered 'extensive loss of brain tissue', likely had a heart attack - and there is NO evidence of botulism Suspect sobs as his bond is set at $75 MILLION for 'murdering mother and two daughters by slitting one's throat, strangling one sister with a phone chord and smothering the other before lining them up side by side in bed' French conservative candidate is pictured KNOCKED OUT on the street after a male protester threw her campaign leaflets in her face in Paris  INSIDE the towering inferno: First video reveals horror faced by firefighters as they are confronted with flooding and mangled furniture as terrified residents scramble for their lives  Thank you, mum: Trapped couple's heart-rending final phone calls home to their parents as fire crept into their flat on the 23rd floor  'I think it saved our lives': Quick-thinking mother protected her family from Grenfell Tower inferno by running the bath and flooding her 11th-floor flat after being told to stay inside  Baseball gunman had foster daughter, 17, who committed suicide by dousing her body in gasoline and then lighting herself on fire Trump launches all-out attack on 'crooked Hillary', saying she smashed phones and bleached servers - but his Russian 'non-dealings' are being investigated as he hits back at obstruction of justice probe Teenager escaped from 13th floor of blazing tower with her revision notes then went to school to sit her chemistry GCSE the NEXT MORNING EXCLUSIVE: 'She's no victim! It's the role she plays on the show.' Bachelor in Paradise contestant Jasmine Goode tells how Corinne was never upset or traumatized over having oral sex in the pool with DeMario  At least seven people dead and 66 injured after explosion rips through Chinese kindergarten as mothers and fathers queue to pick up their little ones Alex Jones releases secret TAPE of Megyn Kelly: Infowars founder double-crosses 'fraud' NBC host with covert recording and vows to reveal full audio of their controversial interview BEFORE it airs EXCLUSIVE - The final video of Otto Warmbier: Family release film of American student having a snowball fight in North Korea days before he was imprisoned and mysteriously left in vegetative state  President Trump kicks off the Congressional baseball game as hero cop who saved Steve Scalise throws the first pitch and Ivanka joins the crowd  Inside the inferno: Charred remains of Grenfell Tower show rooms still ablaze, melted kitchen tables and washing machines stopped mid-load The WILD women who ruled the outlaws of the West: Stunning photographs capture the madams and prostitutes of the 1880s frontier who would stop at nothing to make their MILLIONS 'First one's RIP': Moment hospital staff treating people in the aftermath of the Westminster terror attack realise the killer Khalid Masood has just died  Curvy woman DUMPS her boyfriend after catching him openly flirting with a thin actress who was hired to seduce him, then 'adjusting his pants' as she walked away in a hidden camera sting Navy sailor, 23, whose disappearance sparked a 50-hour search over 5,500-square miles across the Philippine Sea is found ALIVE after hiding in the ship's engine room for a WEEK The homes of rich people in Kensington should be SEIZED for Grenfell Tower residents made homeless by fire, says Corbyn 'People have lost their lives. I can't bear it': Ethiopian taxi driver whose 'faulty fridge started the inferno' says he'll 'never get over' how many were killed  Munich shooter who critically injured a policewoman after stealing her colleague's gun and firing at her head 'was an AMERICAN tourist'  'How many children died, Mr Khan, and what are you going to do about it?' London Mayor is confronted by a young boy as he faces angry crowd at Grenfell Tower and is 'bottled' by protester  EXCLUSIVE: Teen mom whose toddlers died in baking car where she left them for 15 hours to party had left daughters alone to go to drug houses before - and often 'got physical' with them DEADLOCKED! Cosby jury is sent home for another night after failing to reach a verdict AGAIN - while the comedian grins as he leaves court Woman, 21, drowns a rabid raccoon in a PUDDLE after it attacked her while she was out running How to survive a knife attack: Security expert and celebrity bodyguard gives life-saving advice in the wake of London Bridge terror atrocity Mother who romped with stag do reveller on Ryanair flight to Ibiza 'was egged on to lapdance by his friends to cheer him up because he'd left his pregnant girlfriend behind'  Principal withheld diploma from senior class president who refused to read school-written speech and instead read his own remarks at graduation MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
About NewsKitchen Terms of Use Contact NewsKitchen Login Friday June 16th, 2017 Languages English French Language German Language Polish Language Russian Language Loading...You are here:  Home  >  English  >  Current Article EU secures another important win in the WTO Boeing Dispute By NewsKitchen Publisher  /   June 12, 2017  /   Comments Off on EU secures another important win in the WTO Boeing Dispute MIL OSI – Source: European Union Headline: EU secures another important win in the WTO Boeing Dispute The WTO ruling confirms that the United States has taken no appropriate action to comply with its obligation to withdraw subsidies declared illegal by the WTO’s Appellate Body in 2012, or to remove their adverse effects. Today’s ruling backs the EU position, finding that the US has not only failed to remove the existing subsidies but has extended them and added significant new distorting subsidies, including incentives from South Carolina and a US Federal Aviation Administration R&D programme. The panel also found that US subsidies to Boeing continue to cause severe damage to Airbus in lost sales and market opportunities. ‘Today’s ruling is another victory for the EU, its industry and EU workers in this strategic sector. The panel agrees that the US has simply ignored existing WTO rulings and has continued to subsidise Boeing,’ said EU Trade Commissioner Cecilia Malmström. ‘We will continue to firmly defend our industry to ensure we have a level-playing-field. EU companies must be able to compete on fair and equal terms. Today’s panel report is an important step in that direction.’ In 2012, the WTO ruled that the United States had granted massive subsidies to Boeing in violation of WTO rules. Between 1989 and 2006 Boeing benefited from NASA, US Department of Defense and Washington State/Kansas subsidies totalling over $5 billion. The subsidies allowed Boeing to sell its aircraft more cheaply, to the detriment of Airbus. The illegal subsidies include export support, direct grants, free access to facilities, technology transfer at no cost, and tax abatements. Today’s findings add to another WTO ruling of November 2016 in which – for the first time in the aircraft disputes – the WTO found the US guilty of providing prohibited subsidies to Boeing of around $5.7 billion. These subsidies by Washington State were conditional on the use of domestic over imported goods. Under WTO rules, these are the worst kind of subsidies and they caused further severe harm to Airbus’ market position. For More Information History of the Boeing WTO case WTO dispute resolution © Multimedia Investments Ltd Terms of Use/Disclaimer.     Print       Email Published: 3 days ago on June 12, 2017 By: NewsKitchen Publisher Last Modified: June 12, 2017 @ 11:37 pm Filed Under: English, European Union, Eurozone, Raw News NEXT ARTICLE → Statement by the Spokesperson on Al Shabaab’s terror attack in S ← PREVIOUS ARTICLE Speech by Federica Mogherini, High Representative/Vice-President About the author NewsKitchen Publisher Publisher View all articles by NewsKitchen Publisher » Recent Posts Belarus gets elected to ECOSOC Об избрании Беларуси в ЭКОСОС Belarus extracts its own oil – Belarus photo digest Interview: „Wichtige Initiative des Deutschen Tennis Bundes“ La France en pointe dans le secteur des technologies innovantes About NewsKitchen Terms of Use Sitemap © 2017 NewsKitchen.eu. Site customised by Multimedia Investments Ltd (NZ) You might also like... Belarus gets elected to ECOSOC Read More →
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science     Money Video Travel Columnists Money Home Markets Saving & banking Investing Bills Cars Holidays Cards & loans Pensions Mortgages & home Experts Buy-to-let My Profile Logout Login Feedback HomeTop Share show ad DAILY BRIEFING: Boeing reveals spending with UK suppliers has tripled in six years to £2.1bn By City & Finance Reporter for the Daily Mail Published: 16:48 EDT, 12 June 2017 | Updated: 16:48 EDT, 12 June 2017 e-mail 5 View comments SWOOPING IN American plane maker Boeing has issued a vote of confidence in the UK after investing more than £2 billion in the supply chain. The firm, which builds 250 aircraft for 13 different carriers in Britain, said its direct spending with UK suppliers has tripled over the past six years to £2.1 billion, supporting an estimated 16,500 jobs.  TOP TABLE Bank of England chief economist Andy Haldane has been reappointed to its Monetary Policy Committee, which sets interest rates. He will serve until 2020, and has historically opposed rapid rate rises. American plane maker Boeing has issued a vote of confidence in the UK after investing more than £2 billion in the supply chain (stock image) RICH REWARDS Germany’s Deutsche Bank is hiring 100 staff to manage relationships with super-rich clients as is refocuses on wealth management while its investment banking arm struggles. NEW BOSS John Flannery, 55, has been made chief executive of General Electric, replacing current boss Jeff Immelt, 61, who retires in August after 16 years at the helm. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 2 Next Investing Show: Are stockmarkets too expensive to invest... MARKETS CLOSE: Pound falls as markets continue to reel from... What's the secret of Honda's hottest ever Civic Type R... Ocado launches its first bond sale as it looks to raise... The top funds that have earned £5,500 more than savings... Don't let election shockwaves unbalance your finances: Four... Households face fresh squeeze on incomes as economists... Share this article Share CAR CRASH Slashing prices to woo customers caused second-hand car seller Motorpoint’s profits to slip. Profits in the year to March 31 fell 13.7 per cent to £15.7 million. TAKING OFF The owner of Stansted, Manchester, East Midlands and Bournemouth Airport – Manchester Airports Group – said 5.4 million passengers travelled through the hubs in May, an 8.9 per cent increase from the year before. GAS CHIEF South American-focused gas company Echo Energy has appointed Fiona MacAulay, 54, as chief executive. PLAY NICE Speculators have been banned from short-selling troubled Spanish lender Liberbank as the nation’s government fights to keep it afloat. FILM REVIEW Irregularities in accounting at one of Fujifilm’s subsidiaries was bigger than expected and also took place at a second location, a report revealed yesterday. OIL'S WELL Scottish engineering firm Weir Group is buying Singapore-based firm Kop Surface Products for £90 million. Kop makes wellheads, valves and other products for the oil and gas industry and provides after-market services. BOARD JOB Oil explorer Trinity Exploration has appointed James Menzies, 55, to the board as a non-executive director. EDITOR'S DEALS OF THE WEEK Broadband deal* Broadband deal £18.99 per month, £75 cashback 18-month deal Current account Current account £125 to sign up, £250 free overdraft First Account Credit card Credit Card 5 Clubcard points per £4 in stores 5.9% APR Current account Credit card £130 cash, £10-monthly cashback 3% on up to £1,500 Savings account Savings account Top one-year fixed rate 1.7% interest *Price rises to £28.98 after 18 months, £10 activation fee. For current account rewards and interest conditions may apply eg. using provider's full switching service, min deposits and direct debits. For savings, access maybe limited, min/max deposits may apply. See T&Cs. Representative example: If you spend £1,200 at a purchase interest rate of 18.95% p.a. (variable) your representative rate will be 18.9% APR (variable). Share or comment on this article e-mail Most watched Money videos Jaguar Land Rover teases the opening of its classic car tour Unsettling digital safety advert will make you think twice online Is this the best car used advert ever? Vitara gets CGI treatment Instant karma!: Thief stopped by lorry driver's quick thinking Investing Show: Are stockmarkets too expensive? The world's largest luxury car 'Vending Machine' in Singapore Rolls-Royce showcases its bespoke capabilities in stylish car Jaguar Land Rover introduces Andy Wallace as it's new test driver Sterling plummets after a hung parliament is announced Footage showing the amazing evolution of the Porsche 911 Carrera How should investors deal with the UK election result? Honda Civic Type R smashes Nurburgring lap record MARKET REPORT: Stores sink as FTSE 250 has its worst day... Anger as tycoon snatches back tech firm Fusionex from... Sofa retailer DFS sees its shares tank after it warns... Majestic Wine suffers £1.5million loss as overhaul... H&M reports slowing sales as 'tough conditions' and... The energy deal that promises you'll never be ripped off:... DAILY BRIEFING: Gemfields makes record revenues of £42.9m... Fallen digital star Monitise in takeover dispute as... Is a rate hike closer than we thought? Pound jumps as... MARKETS CLOSE: Interest rates held at 0.25% but committee... Fast fashion label Quiz gears up for £200m float as it... Troubled Deutsche Bank announces 9,000 job cuts as bosses... Russian rebel shareholders push ahead with boardroom coup... Ministers and bureaucrats banned from previewing economic... CITY DIARY: The Kate effect wanes for Temperley as the... Willie Walsh reveals BA's computer meltdown will cost at... Google launches £235m medical fund to back drug pioneers... Russia's top gold producer gears up for a £7bn London... MOST READ MONEY Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 5 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. More top stories Enter search term: Search All Articles Share prices Portfolio Newsletter Guides Savings rates Deals Calculators MARKET DATA FTSE 100 Diary RNS Sectors A to Z Gilts Top movers Indices Funds Director deals Shares Gold / oil Brokers Charting News Forex Heatmaps Share alerts Savings rates News alerts All market data TOP DIY INVESTING PLATFORMS Great service Fixed account fees, no investment limits Free fund dealing Investment ideas and model portfolios Online investing tool Buy and sell shares and ETFs from £5 Good for big pots £80 flat fee with 8 free trades Guidance and tools Typical 0.35% fee and fund guidance No platform fee £4.95 dealing, £15 min quarterly trading fee Low annual charge 0.25% funds fee and £1.50 fund dealing Intelligent investing Special offer: 6 months no management fee Easy to use Free fund dealing, competitive 0.35% fee Low cost funds 0.25% annual fee, no dealing charge THE INVESTING SHOW Is it time to invest in Europe? It's not fixed yet, warns Tom Becket John Redwood: Has the French election rescued the euro? Will shares go off the boil or keep on rising? Tips to choose the best funds for your Isa Can you profit from the growing Chinese middle-class? We meet Fidelity China Special Situations manager Dale Nicholls Asset allocation - how to make sure all your eggs are not in one basket Emerging markets manager who returned 60% in a year: We meet Templeton's Carlos Hardenberg Where to invest for income and how to spot the best dividends How to profit from property in the world's best cities Should investors worry about political upheaval? Should you invest in a VCT for 30% tax relief and exciting growth companies Is now a good time to buy emerging markets?             DON'T MISS Don't get stuck in the inheritance tax maze We answer the questions you must ask to pass on as much as possible. The Jaguar designed for shopping excursions, dogs and golf weekends The new XF Sportbrake is the British brand's new (and only) big-booted car. 'Brexit bonds' launched offering savers 3% interest - but only if they can correctly guess if leaving the EU will leave the pound higher or lower Jaguar Land Rover takes us inside its new £7m home where iconic British cars will be restored, recreated and serviced The factory where classic car dreams are made. Care homes probed over fears some charge families after a resident has died and ask elderly people to leave at short notice Rise in prices outstripping savings rates Blow to savers as inflation hits 2.9% a year. Three mobile snatched £616 from my bank AFTER contract ended because I didn't use the right code ASK TONY. HMRC warning over rebate text scam Taxpayers told to ignore messages claiming they're owed a payment.. Lenders charging homeowners up to £225 just to close account once mortgage is repaid Banks' nice little earner. Avoid the travel money card traps You may think they make you a savvy spender but beware fees for not using them, weekend spending - and cash. Beware this phishing email sent by scammers who pretend to be the DVLA offering you a £240 car tax refund 'Mix and match' Isa that lets you split your cash between multiple accounts launched by challenger bank Charter Savings. Could a message sent to you on social media lead to fraud? How criminals are combing online profiles to scam you  Inflation is NOT always the enemy... it can actually be good for savings and business ALEX BRUMMER Aren't house prices meant to be cooling? Property inflation is highest since October And it's Dartford that is the hotspot Are stockmarkets too expensive to invest right now? The Investing Show takes a look and we reveal CAPE ratios MIDAS SHARE TIPS MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Seek dividends from the brands that won't let you down in a crisis MIDAS SHARE TIPS: With bad old days behind it, Lloyds is a solid income play MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE:Shares in overdrive as music retailer Gear4music pumps up volume MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Specialist insurer Global Benefits Group proves it's really going places MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Data-gathering specialist GB Group soars SIXTEEN fold MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Infrastructure giant HICL drives up income from Denver toll to the Home Office MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Ambitious cyber security firm ECSC is booming as sales team launches own attack MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Financial adviser Mattioli Woods spreads its wings and sees shares surge MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Wellness firm Venture Life Group expands as it appeals to well-heeled over-40s MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Rising sales (and a facelift) inject new life into Botox rival Sinclair Pharma MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Sirius Minerals digs deep to mine in the Yorkshire Moors MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Plug in to infrastructure fund International Public Partnerships as it raises £250m         FUND AND TRUST IDEAS L&G UK SPECIAL SITUATIONS: The fund that rewarded investors with returns of almost 50% over the past three years BLACKROCK STERLING STRATEGIC BOND: The fund that takes advantage of credit 'sweet spot' MITON UK VALUE OPPORTUNITIES: Andrew Jackson pilots fund away from UK to take advantage of weak pound SMITH & WILLIAMSON ENTERPRISE: Fund aims for certainty on returns, but has cut its target SANLAM FOUR MULTISTRATEGY: Stay positive... the principle that guides a diverse fund SECURITIES TRUST OF SCOTLAND: How bricks and mortar are helping fund rebuild its fortunes WAVERTON PORTFOLIO: Fund increases UK exposure in anticipation of a stronger pound SVM UK OPPORTUNITIES: The outperforming minnow fund that lives in the shadow of 'super-tankers' JP MORGAN JAPANESE INVESTMENT TRUST: Forget laptops, my Japanese trust fund is all about robots and ski slopes ARTEMIS GLOBAL INCOME: Heading west with Wells Fargo - the successful Danish fund manager on a golden trail FOREIGN & COLONIAL INVESTMENT TRUST: 'Conductor' Niven keeps world's oldest trust in perfect harmony CRUX EUROPEAN SPECIAL SITUATIONS: The new kid on the block run by an old hand (who loves Playing FTSE) JUPITER EMERGING EUROPEAN OPPORTUNITIES: Fund fights back as the revolution begins for Russian share values         THIS IS MONEY'S SIX OF THE BEST   Property inflation hits highest level since October   What is euro clearing and why does it matter?   'DVLA' email scam promises car tax refund   Best ways to avoid travel money rip-offs   Are stock markets now too expensive to invest in?   'My dad deferred his pension - can we claim it?' Latest from Markets MARKET REPORT: Stores sink as FTSE 250 has its worst day in a year, tumbling by 2.1% DAILY BRIEFING: Gemfields makes record revenues of £42.9m in ruby auction CITY DIARY: The Kate effect wanes for Temperley as the fashion house posts £4m in losses Anger as tycoon snatches back tech firm Fusionex from investors as its value plunges £116m MARKETS CLOSE: Interest rates held at 0.25% but committee is now split 5-3 due to inflation fears; FTSE finishes in red and pound at $1.28 H&M reports slowing sales as 'tough conditions' and strong competition from rivals takes a toll Majestic Wine suffers £1.5million loss as overhaul continues leaving shareholders with a bitter aftertaste Sofa retailer DFS sees its shares tank after it warns profits will be hit by 'economic uncertainty' End of cheap cash as US hikes rates: Fed raises its benchmark 0.75% and 1% to between 1% and 1.25% Wealth firm Charles Stanley gets back in the black as turnaround strategy starts to reap rewards MORE HEADLINES     FREE WEEKLY NEWSLETTER ‘What the money news means for you’ Newsletter straight to your inbox QUICK SIGN-UP: Just your email required QUICK WAYS TO SAVE MONEY Credit cards Cheaper insurance Savings accounts Best mortgages Cut your energy bills Current accounts Cheapest loans £12.50 share dealing Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
<iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KX9ZXT" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe> Putin believes Trump’s victory proves that US voters are longing for change Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 16, 8:30 Putin’s Q&A session: a 'nationwide book of complaints' Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 16, 8:07 Trump puzzled by media hype over his ‘non-dealings’ with Russia World June 16, 7:48 Construction of first nuclear power plant in Turkey to begin in 2018 Business & Economy June 16, 6:28 St Isaac’s Cathedral museum in St Petersburg gets new director Society & Culture June 16, 2:34 Direct Line with the president: Putin answers questions on Russia's foreign policy Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 15, 21:01 Russian Central Bank plans to hold meeting on monetary policy Business & Economy June 15, 19:54 US Congress introduces new sanctions against Russia World June 15, 19:19 Putin comments on plans to build bridge to Sakhalin Island Business & Economy June 15, 18:48 {{element.title}} {{element.heading}} {{element.date}} Back to Main page Back to Main page Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Tags Media Press Releases Infographics Select the city Moscow St.-Petersburg Novosibirsk Ekaterinburg Nizhny Novgorod Samara Kazan Omsk Chelyabinsk Rostov-on-Don Ufa Volgograd Perm Krasnoyarsk Voronezh Currency converter USD EUR GBP CHF JPY CNY Back to Currency converter Exchange rate USD → RUR Сurrency Converter History course Please enter an amount Amount: From: ↔ To: Exchange rate on: 16.06.2017 15.06.2017 14.06.2017 13.06.2017 12.06.2017 11.06.2017 10.06.2017 ^ News Feed Sections Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review More Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review All news News Feed News Search Topics All Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review ОК Use filter You can filter your feed, by choosing only interesting sections. Go to Search More news Russian missile maker traces site of missile launch against flight MH17 with 4 km accuracy World October 13, 2015, 10:26 UTC+3 An experiment conducted by Russia's leading missile manufacturer Almaz-Antey has confirmed that MH17 was hit by a missile from the village of Zaroshchenskoye controlled by Ukrainian troops Share 1 pages in this article Buk M1 air defense system (archive) ©  ITAR-TASS/Vladimir Zinin MOSCOW, October 13. /TASS/. Specialists of Russia’s arms manufacturer Almaz-Antey have identified the likely site from where a surface-to-air missile was launched at Malaysia’s flight MH17 last summer with a high degree of accuracy. "The area of likely launch measures three-four kilometers by four kilometers," the concern’s CEO Yan Novikov told a news briefing on Tuesday. According to the CEO, an experiment conducted by Russia's leading missile manufacturer Almaz-Antey has confirmed that MH17 was hit by a missile from the village of Zaroshchenskoye controlled by Ukrainian troops, the state corporation's CEO Yan Novikov said Tuesday. "The results of the [second] exoeriment totally dismissed the results of the Dutch commission’s on the type and site of the launch," Novikov said. "Today we can state that if the Malaysian Boeing was downed by a Buk missile system then it was hit by a 9M38 missile from Zaroshchenskoye." Mikhail Malyshevsky, an adviser to Almaz-Antey’s general designer, told reporters that a missile launched from the Snezhnoye settlement could not have hit the engine and left wing of Flight MH17, as the international investigation commission claims. According the official, that was shown by 3D modelling conducted by the arms manufacturer. "We conducted a 3D modelling to graphically demonstrate which strike elements hit the airliner’s body. At least 22 fragments of the missile launched from Zaroshchensky should have hit the left engine. The missile launch from Snezhnoye was modelled second. In head-on encounter, not a single strike element of this missile could have hit the left wing and left engine," he said. Read also MH17 probe results to be invalid without Russia’s data — experts Lavrov refuses to comment on initiatives of five countries regarding Boeing crash Moscow regrets some facts submitted by Russia when investigating MH17 crash not considered Dutch media escalate anti-Russian propaganda ahead of MH17 report — expert No tribunal into MH17 crash possible without UN Security Council — Russian diplomat Manufacturer: Elements presented by commission not part of missile that hit MH17 The experiment also showed that Flight MH17 was hit by a missile of an even older modification than suggested earlier, without striking elements shaped as an I-beam presented by the international commission. Almaz-Antey’s general director Yan Novikov said that the international commission presented "three elements shaped as I-beams that match the missile 9M38M1." "On July 31, the first experiment with the striking part of 9M38M1 was carried out on aluminum shields. During the experiment, it became absolutely obvious that even if the Malaysian Boeing was hit by a missile from Buk-M1 system, then it was the 9M38 missile that does not have striking elements shaped as I-beams. Data derived from this experiment were available at the beginning of August. However, according to our information, it was not taken into account," Novikov said. The 9M38 missile was withdrawn from Russian army service.  "If it was Buk, it is clearly the 9M38 missile. The last missile of this type was manufactured in the Soviet Union in 1986. By the decision of the chief designer the service life of these missiles, taking into account all extensions, is set at 25 years. We have a protocol on this issue. After this period of time, their use was prohibited, and the missiles were withdrawn from service," Novikov said. According to the advisor to Almaz-Antey’s general designer, striking elements of the 9M38M1 missile leave typical punctures shaped as a butterfly in the aircraft fuselage, and such punctures were not present on the crashed plane "The Boeing would have had such punctures if it had been hit by 9M38M1 missile," he said. The Russian state arms manufacturer Almaz-Antey has showed fragments of the fuselage of the Boeing-777 plane that crashed in east Ukraine in 2014 after being hit with a Buk-M1 missile. Almaz-Antey held its own full-scale experiment on recreating the crash. A TASS correspondent reported from the press conference that fragments represent metal sheets with indentations from being hit by a missile. The arms manufacturer said earlier it would present the results of the experiment on October 13. According to the corporation's CEO, Almaz-Antey spent 10 million rubles (roughly $160,000) on experiments to hold its own investigation of the Malaysian flight MH17 disaster. "We combined our tasks in this experiment and modelled the situation mathematically… We gathered a large amount of information in our work, so we did not hesitate to spend," Novikov said. In early June, Almaz-Antey presented the results of its own investigation of the MH17 air crash. The company’s experts arrived at the conclusion that the aircraft must have been brought down by the 9M38M1 anti-aircraft missile of the BUK-M1 missile system launched from the area south of the village of Zaroschenskoye. The company noted that Ukraine had such systems and missiles but did not place responsibility for the plane crash on the Ukrainian military or the people’s militias. Almaz-Antey did not rule out other versions. MH17 crash On 17 July 2014, a Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777 passenger airliner on flight MH17 from the Dutch city of Amsterdam to the Malaysian capital of Kuala Lumpur crashed in the Donetsk Region in eastern Ukraine, killing all on board. Most passengers - 193 people - were Dutch nationals. The suspected cause of the crash is that the plane was hit by a surface-to-air missile. Today, the Netherlands will make public the final report of the Dutch Safety Board that sums up the result of the 15-month investigation of MH17 crash in east Ukraine in 2014. The investigation did not consider the issues of who is to responsible for the tragedy but rather dealt with technical details of the air crash. The Dutch prosecutor’s office conducts a separate criminal investigation tasked with establishing the perpetrators. Among participants in the investigation were Australia, UK, Malaysia, the Netherlands, Russia, USA and Ukraine. The preliminary version of the documents was presented on June 1. The countries could propose amendments to the report in the following two months, but it remains unclear whether these amendments were taken into account. {{item.group_date}} {{item.suffix?", "+item.suffix:""}} Show more Share Top News June 16, 8:30 Putin believes Trump’s victory proves that US voters are longing for change June 16, 8:30 June 16, 7:48 Trump puzzled by media hype over his ‘non-dealings’ with Russia June 16, 7:48 June 16, 8:07 Putin’s Q&A session: a 'nationwide book of complaints' June 16, 8:07 June 15, 18:27 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry June 15, 18:27 In other media Реклама Photo 7 Seven killed in attack on Iranian parliament — media 11 Kabul terror attack aftermath 10 China's Dragon Boat festival in pictures Infographics Russia's gas pipelines to Europe by 2018 The US and Ukraine voted against the UN resolution condemning the glorification of Nazism Opium production in Afghanistan over 20 years The Eurasian Economic Union starts its work Most read Now Today This week 1 Russian missile carriers fly over Baltic Sea with NATO fighter aircraft 2 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 3 US Congress introduces new sanctions against Russia 4 Russian Foreign Minsitry comments on India-Pakistan disoute over Kashmir 5 World's most influential journals for 2017 unveiled in the Journal Citation Reports 6 Russian, Indian defense ministers to meet next week 7 Germany’s football squad arrives in Sochi for 2017 FIFA Confederations Cup 1 Putin ready to provide political asylum to former FBI director 2 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 3 Russian missile carriers fly over Baltic Sea with NATO fighter aircraft 4 Austria, Germany castigate US plans to impose new sanctions on Russia 5 Putin not surprised at US Senate's crusade to tighten sanctions against Russia 6 World's most influential journals for 2017 unveiled in the Journal Citation Reports 7 Putin's annual Q&A session 1 Putin ready to provide political asylum to former FBI director 2 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 3 Russia’s modernized strategic bombers to get protection from all types of missiles 4 Russia tests cruise missile defense systems 5 Putin notes Washington planned to use terrorists to destabilize Russia 6 Austria, Germany castigate US plans to impose new sanctions on Russia 7 US-led coalition colluding with IS instead of fighting terrorism — Defense Ministry TOP STORIES CONFLICT IN SYRIA RUSSIA'S DEFENSE INDUSTRY OIL& GAS INDUSTRY SPACE PROGRAMS Реклама News Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Sections Tags Media Press Releases Infographics About us TASS TODAY AGENCY NEWS TASS HISTORY MANAGEMENT CONTACTS Services TASS-PHOTO TASS-ONLINE TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age. © 2017 TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age.
<iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KX9ZXT" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe> Putin believes Trump’s victory proves that US voters are longing for change Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 16, 8:30 Putin’s Q&A session: a 'nationwide book of complaints' Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 16, 8:07 Trump puzzled by media hype over his ‘non-dealings’ with Russia World June 16, 7:48 Construction of first nuclear power plant in Turkey to begin in 2018 Business & Economy June 16, 6:28 St Isaac’s Cathedral museum in St Petersburg gets new director Society & Culture June 16, 2:34 Direct Line with the president: Putin answers questions on Russia's foreign policy Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 15, 21:01 Russian Central Bank plans to hold meeting on monetary policy Business & Economy June 15, 19:54 US Congress introduces new sanctions against Russia World June 15, 19:19 Putin comments on plans to build bridge to Sakhalin Island Business & Economy June 15, 18:48 {{element.title}} {{element.heading}} {{element.date}} Back to Main page Back to Main page Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Tags Media Press Releases Infographics Select the city Moscow St.-Petersburg Novosibirsk Ekaterinburg Nizhny Novgorod Samara Kazan Omsk Chelyabinsk Rostov-on-Don Ufa Volgograd Perm Krasnoyarsk Voronezh Currency converter USD EUR GBP CHF JPY CNY Back to Currency converter Exchange rate USD → RUR Сurrency Converter History course Please enter an amount Amount: From: ↔ To: Exchange rate on: 16.06.2017 15.06.2017 14.06.2017 13.06.2017 12.06.2017 11.06.2017 10.06.2017 ^ News Feed Sections Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review More Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review All news News Feed News Search Topics All Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review ОК Use filter You can filter your feed, by choosing only interesting sections. Go to Search More news MH17 investigation suggests attempts to conceal Boeing crash cause — lawmaker Russian Politics & Diplomacy October 13, 2015, 20:55 UTC+3 MOSCOW Russia wants to establish the true causes behind the Boeing crash, but the report which the Dutch Safety Board presented on Tuesday is unlikely to resolve this problem, a Russian lawmaker says Share 1 pages in this article © AP Photo/Peter Dejong Read also Dutch report conclusions on MH17 crash contradict Russian missiles manufacturer’s findings MOSCOW, October 13 /TASS/. The Dutch Safety Board’s report on investigation into the MH17 plane crash suggests attempts to conceal the true causes that led to the Boeing 777 tragedy, a Russian lawmaker said on Tuesday. "The course of the investigation suggests that someone wants either to drag it on or conceal the tragedy’s true causes," Viktor Ozerov, the head of the Russian Federation Council Committee for Defense and Security, said. "Conclusions that the missile was allegedly launched from an area with a range of 320 square kilometers and that the missile hit the plane on the left side from the cockpit are similar to what the first witnesses of the tragedy used to say," Ozerov said. "Naturally, Russia wants to establish the true causes behind the Boeing crash. But the report which the Dutch Safety Board presented on Tuesday is unlikely to resolve this problem. On the contrary, it is raising a number of new questions and makes further investigation necessary," the Russian lawmaker stressed. He believes Russia found itself in a difficult situation after the international community had barred it from the investigation. Russia has accumulated "great experience in investigating such accidents. There is an impression that the Netherlands and British experts involved in investigating the tragedy started their work with a clean sheet," Ozerov went on to say adding the investigators had refused to attract experts from Almaz-Antey, Russia’s leading manufacturer of anti-aircraft missile systems. Read also MH17 hit by missile Ukraine launched from militia-controlled region — Dutch Safety Board Experts say MH17 might have been downed by Ukraine Russian missile maker hands over data of first field experiment to MH17 commission Russian missile maker traces site of missile launch against flight MH17 with 4 km accuracy MH17 probe results to be invalid without Russia’s data — experts Moscow regrets some facts submitted by Russia when investigating MH17 crash not considered Malaysia Airlines’ Boeing 777, which was making an MH17 flight from Amsterdam (Netherlands) to Kuala Lumpur (Malaysia), crashed in the east of Ukraine’s Donetsk region on July 17, 2014 killing 283 passengers onboard and 15 crewmen, the citizens of 10 countries. Investigators believe the plane was gunned down by a "surface-to-air" or "air-to-air" missile. The Dutch Safety Board published the results of its probe into the MH17 crash in eastern Ukraine last year and its results contradicted the findings announced by Almaz-Antey on Tuesday. According to a report presented by the Dutch Safety Board, the Malaysian airliner was hit by a missile with the 9H314M warhead. Meanwhile, Almaz-Antey showed on Tuesday that the Boeing had been shot down by an older missile modification with different striking elements. Almaz-Antey CEO Yan Novikov said on Tuesday the results of the mathematical modelling of the airliner crash showed H-or butterfly-shaped striking elements on the Boeing. However, Russia’s current Buk antiaircraft missile systems are not fitted out with such striking elements. These butterfly-shaped elements that left the traces of holes in the plane’s fuselage were supplied only for the older Buk versions now operational only with the Ukrainian army. Gallery 11 photo © AP Photo/Lai Seng Sin, File MH17 Malaysia airlines plane crash chronicle "It became absolutely clear as a result of the experiments that if the Malaysian Boeing was hit by a missile from the Buk-M1 system, this could be only the 9M38 missile of the older modification compared with the 9M38M1 missile that has no H-shaped striking elements," Novikov said, following the results of the MH17 crash modelling. The head of the Dutch Safety Board also said that the plane had crashed due to an explosion to the left of the pilots’ cockpit. However, Almaz-Antey’s own investigation of the MH17 crash and full-scale experiments fully refute these findings. If the missile had been launched from the Snezhnoye community controlled by the militia of the Donetsk People’s Republic, the plane would have been hit on its right and not left side. "This radically differs from what we saw on the Malaysian Boeing," adviser to the Almaz-Antey general designer Mikhail Malyshevsky said earlier on Tuesday. The plane’s damage on its left side proves that it was hit by a missile launched from the Zaroshchenskoye community controlled by the Ukrainian military, he said. {{item.group_date}} {{item.suffix?", "+item.suffix:""}} Show more Share Topics Boeing 777 crash in Ukraine Top News June 16, 8:30 Putin believes Trump’s victory proves that US voters are longing for change June 16, 8:30 June 16, 7:48 Trump puzzled by media hype over his ‘non-dealings’ with Russia June 16, 7:48 June 16, 8:07 Putin’s Q&A session: a 'nationwide book of complaints' June 16, 8:07 June 15, 18:27 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry June 15, 18:27 In other media Реклама Photo 10 Russia's top diplomat Sergey Lavrov celebrates his birthday 3 Four Russians killed in Istanbul helicopter crash — Foreign Ministry 3 MP warns US deployment of THAAD system in South Korea jeopardizes Russia’s security Infographics Russia's gas pipelines to Europe by 2018 Russia’s state defense order in 2015 Chinese Lunar Exploration Program Russia’s Angara A5 heavy-load space carrier rocket Most read Now Today This week 1 Russian missile carriers fly over Baltic Sea with NATO fighter aircraft 2 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 3 US Congress introduces new sanctions against Russia 4 Russian Foreign Minsitry comments on India-Pakistan disoute over Kashmir 5 World's most influential journals for 2017 unveiled in the Journal Citation Reports 6 Russian, Indian defense ministers to meet next week 7 Germany’s football squad arrives in Sochi for 2017 FIFA Confederations Cup 1 Putin ready to provide political asylum to former FBI director 2 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 3 Russian missile carriers fly over Baltic Sea with NATO fighter aircraft 4 Austria, Germany castigate US plans to impose new sanctions on Russia 5 Putin not surprised at US Senate's crusade to tighten sanctions against Russia 6 World's most influential journals for 2017 unveiled in the Journal Citation Reports 7 Putin's annual Q&A session 1 Putin ready to provide political asylum to former FBI director 2 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 3 Russia’s modernized strategic bombers to get protection from all types of missiles 4 Russia tests cruise missile defense systems 5 Putin notes Washington planned to use terrorists to destabilize Russia 6 Austria, Germany castigate US plans to impose new sanctions on Russia 7 US-led coalition colluding with IS instead of fighting terrorism — Defense Ministry TOP STORIES CONFLICT IN SYRIA RUSSIA'S DEFENSE INDUSTRY OIL& GAS INDUSTRY SPACE PROGRAMS Реклама News Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Sections Tags Media Press Releases Infographics About us TASS TODAY AGENCY NEWS TASS HISTORY MANAGEMENT CONTACTS Services TASS-PHOTO TASS-ONLINE TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age. © 2017 TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age.
<iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KX9ZXT" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe> Putin believes Trump’s victory proves that US voters are longing for change Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 16, 8:30 Putin’s Q&A session: a 'nationwide book of complaints' Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 16, 8:07 Trump puzzled by media hype over his ‘non-dealings’ with Russia World June 16, 7:48 Construction of first nuclear power plant in Turkey to begin in 2018 Business & Economy June 16, 6:28 St Isaac’s Cathedral museum in St Petersburg gets new director Society & Culture June 16, 2:34 Direct Line with the president: Putin answers questions on Russia's foreign policy Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 15, 21:01 Russian Central Bank plans to hold meeting on monetary policy Business & Economy June 15, 19:54 US Congress introduces new sanctions against Russia World June 15, 19:19 Putin comments on plans to build bridge to Sakhalin Island Business & Economy June 15, 18:48 {{element.title}} {{element.heading}} {{element.date}} Back to Main page Back to Main page Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Tags Media Press Releases Infographics Select the city Moscow St.-Petersburg Novosibirsk Ekaterinburg Nizhny Novgorod Samara Kazan Omsk Chelyabinsk Rostov-on-Don Ufa Volgograd Perm Krasnoyarsk Voronezh Currency converter USD EUR GBP CHF JPY CNY Back to Currency converter Exchange rate USD → RUR Сurrency Converter History course Please enter an amount Amount: From: ↔ To: Exchange rate on: 16.06.2017 15.06.2017 14.06.2017 13.06.2017 12.06.2017 11.06.2017 10.06.2017 ^ News Feed Sections Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review More Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review All news News Feed News Search Topics All Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review ОК Use filter You can filter your feed, by choosing only interesting sections. Go to Search More news Moscow says possible non-UN tribunal on MH17 crash would be illegitimate Russian Politics & Diplomacy January 14, 2016, 20:31 UTC+3 MOSCOW The Russian Foreign Ministry spokesperson touched upon other international problems during her briefing on Thursday as well Share 1 pages in this article Russian Foreign Ministry building in Moscow ©  Gennady Khameliyanin/TASS Archive MOSCOW, January 14 /TASS/. Creation of a tribunal on the Boeing-777 crash that occurred in Ukraine in the summer of 2014 while the investigation is still ongoing contradicts any common sense, Russian Foreign Ministry Spokesperson Maria Zakharova said on Thursday. More news on BOEING 777 CRASH IN DONBASS © Mikhail Pochuyev/TASS Human remains still at MH17 crash site — Dutch reporter Dutch minister doubts possibility to find human remains at MH17 crash site Analysis of Russian radars data on MH17 to take time — Dutch prosecutors Russia ready to continue cooperation with Dutch prosecutors on MH17 crash — ambassador Boeing-777 of Malaysia Airlines was shot down over Ukraine on July 17, 2014 in flight from Amsterdam /the Netherlands/ to Kuala Lumpur /Malaysia/. All the 298 people onboard, most of whom were Dutch, died in the crash. The Dutch Safety Board that had investigated the tragedy concluded in the final report published on October 13 last year that the aircraft had been downed by a Buk anti-aircraft missile launched from an area of approximately 320 square kilometres in eastern Ukraine. "Creation of any ‘Boeing’ tribunals while the investigation is still ongoing contradicts any common sense at least irrespective of a country, which is in question. Such an approach proves that someone has no desire to look into what happened," the Russian diplomat said. "There has been an attempt to immediately accuse those who were initially selected to be guilty. Lawful and legitimate tribunals are established by the United Nations. All other tribunals are illegitimate," Zakharova said. "Russia’s task is to shed the light on this tragedy; find any possible information and understand what happened," she added. Theatricalized execution of a Russian pilot staged at a nightclub in Kiev The Russian Foreign Ministry spokesperson touched upon other international problems during her briefing on Thursday. She condemned a theatricalized execution of a Russian Su-24 pilot staged at a nightclub in Kiev. Opinion Author: ZAMYATINA Tamara Zamyatina Tamara Analyst: Europeans should beware "dehumanization" of part of Ukrainian society Go to Opinions According to the spokeswoman, it was cynical, blasphemous and criminal. The execution’s video appeared in the Internet late in December last year. "Demonstrably, the improvised execution had been shot in the same cynical manner and according to scenarios used for executions of hostages by ISIS (the former name of the Islamic State group) militants," the Russian diplomat went on to say. "Criminal manifestations of this kind are another piece of evidence that aggressive Rusophobia is assuming more sacrilegious and inhumane forms in Ukraine," Zakharova stressed. "It is surprising that until recently there has been no clear-cut and clearly expressed reaction of Ukraine’s official authorities to this trick. We are urging the authorities of this state to prosecute the master-minders and perpetrators of this criminal act," the Russian diplomat said. No information on Russians hurt in Jakarta terror attacks Zakharova noted Russia had no information that Russians had been hurt in the Jakarta terror attacks. Read also Attackers in Jakarta tried to imitate coordinated attacks in Paris last November — police "There have been no reports about injured Russians. Diplomatic and consular missions have been actively commenting the situation since morning and have provided all the necessary information. The Russian embassy in Jakarta has been in close contact with Indonesian law enforcers," the Russian diplomat said. Zakharova advised all Russian nationals travelling to Indonesia to following the Russian Foreign Ministry recommendations to be vigilant, stay away from crowded places and not to leave the protected resort areas without any urgent need. "In cases of emergency, it is necessary to contact the Russian embassy in Indonesia. The contact phones are available at the Russian Foreign Ministry website and the website of our embassy in Jakarta," Zakharova added. Sevan people, including five attackers, died in a series of explosions and a shootout that took place in the centre of Jakarta, the capital of Indonesia, earlier on Thursday. {{item.group_date}} {{item.suffix?", "+item.suffix:""}} Show more Share Topics Foreign policy Top News June 16, 8:30 Putin believes Trump’s victory proves that US voters are longing for change June 16, 8:30 June 16, 7:48 Trump puzzled by media hype over his ‘non-dealings’ with Russia June 16, 7:48 June 16, 8:07 Putin’s Q&A session: a 'nationwide book of complaints' June 16, 8:07 June 15, 18:27 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry June 15, 18:27 In other media Реклама Photo 10 Russia's top diplomat Sergey Lavrov celebrates his birthday 3 Four Russians killed in Istanbul helicopter crash — Foreign Ministry 3 MP warns US deployment of THAAD system in South Korea jeopardizes Russia’s security Infographics Russia's gas pipelines to Europe by 2018 Russia’s state defense order in 2015 Chinese Lunar Exploration Program Russia’s Angara A5 heavy-load space carrier rocket Most read Now Today This week 1 Russian missile carriers fly over Baltic Sea with NATO fighter aircraft 2 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 3 US Congress introduces new sanctions against Russia 4 Russian Foreign Minsitry comments on India-Pakistan disoute over Kashmir 5 World's most influential journals for 2017 unveiled in the Journal Citation Reports 6 Russian, Indian defense ministers to meet next week 7 Germany’s football squad arrives in Sochi for 2017 FIFA Confederations Cup 1 Putin ready to provide political asylum to former FBI director 2 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 3 Russian missile carriers fly over Baltic Sea with NATO fighter aircraft 4 Austria, Germany castigate US plans to impose new sanctions on Russia 5 Putin not surprised at US Senate's crusade to tighten sanctions against Russia 6 World's most influential journals for 2017 unveiled in the Journal Citation Reports 7 Putin's annual Q&A session 1 Putin ready to provide political asylum to former FBI director 2 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 3 Russia’s modernized strategic bombers to get protection from all types of missiles 4 Russia tests cruise missile defense systems 5 Putin notes Washington planned to use terrorists to destabilize Russia 6 Austria, Germany castigate US plans to impose new sanctions on Russia 7 US-led coalition colluding with IS instead of fighting terrorism — Defense Ministry TOP STORIES CONFLICT IN SYRIA RUSSIA'S DEFENSE INDUSTRY OIL& GAS INDUSTRY SPACE PROGRAMS Реклама News Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Sections Tags Media Press Releases Infographics About us TASS TODAY AGENCY NEWS TASS HISTORY MANAGEMENT CONTACTS Services TASS-PHOTO TASS-ONLINE TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age. © 2017 TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age.
<iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KX9ZXT" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe> Putin believes Trump’s victory proves that US voters are longing for change Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 16, 8:30 Putin’s Q&A session: a 'nationwide book of complaints' Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 16, 8:07 Trump puzzled by media hype over his ‘non-dealings’ with Russia World June 16, 7:48 Construction of first nuclear power plant in Turkey to begin in 2018 Business & Economy June 16, 6:28 St Isaac’s Cathedral museum in St Petersburg gets new director Society & Culture June 16, 2:34 Direct Line with the president: Putin answers questions on Russia's foreign policy Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 15, 21:01 Russian Central Bank plans to hold meeting on monetary policy Business & Economy June 15, 19:54 US Congress introduces new sanctions against Russia World June 15, 19:19 Putin comments on plans to build bridge to Sakhalin Island Business & Economy June 15, 18:48 {{element.title}} {{element.heading}} {{element.date}} Back to Main page Back to Main page Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Tags Media Press Releases Infographics Select the city Moscow St.-Petersburg Novosibirsk Ekaterinburg Nizhny Novgorod Samara Kazan Omsk Chelyabinsk Rostov-on-Don Ufa Volgograd Perm Krasnoyarsk Voronezh Currency converter USD EUR GBP CHF JPY CNY Back to Currency converter Exchange rate USD → RUR Сurrency Converter History course Please enter an amount Amount: From: ↔ To: Exchange rate on: 16.06.2017 15.06.2017 14.06.2017 13.06.2017 12.06.2017 11.06.2017 10.06.2017 ^ News Feed Sections Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review More Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review All news News Feed News Search Topics All Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review ОК Use filter You can filter your feed, by choosing only interesting sections. Go to Search More news Kremlin dismisses investigative journalists’ report on causes of MH17 crash in Donbass Russian Politics & Diplomacy May 04, 2016, 13:25 UTC+3 Russia's presidentoal spokesman has commented on a report claiming that the plane was shot down by a missile from a Russian antiaircraft missile system and giving the launcher's number Share 1 pages in this article © Mikhail Sokolov/TASS, archive MOSCOW, May 4. /TASS/. The Kremlin doubts the credibility of a report prepared by the expert and journalist group Bellingcat on the causes of the MH17 crash over Ukraine and urges to rely on official data provided by Russian experts, presidential spokesman Dmitry Peskov said on Wednesday. "I don’t know how true this information can be," the Kremlin spokesman said, commenting on a media report claiming that the Boeing airliner had been shot down by a missile from a Russian antiaircraft missile system and giving the launcher's identification number. Read also Relatives of MH17 disaster victims ask Russia, Ukraine to provide radars data Russian lawmaker praises new BBC documantary on Boeing crash in Donbass Russian ministry calls distorting Bellingcat's probe into Boeing downed above Ukraine "Of course, a lot of information appears on this tragic Boeing and an overwhelming majority of this information is of speculative nature as persons juggle with some rumors and some fabricated data," Peskov said. "There are data, which were officially provided by Russian specialists, Russian experts and we urge, in the first place, to rely on these data," the Kremlin spokesman said. "There are also the data, which have not been disclosed up to date by some states - Ukraine and the United States - and which continue to evoke questions," Peskov said. "This is the situation, which can be officially stated. And I can’t say how true all these conclusions [by Bellingcat experts] are and I won’t do this," the Kremlin spokesman said. As the presidential spokesman said, even "the origin and the identity of this group still have to be established." Peskov also declined to comment on the essence of the report and the data on the alleged identification numbers of missile launchers. "We do not have detailed data on any identification numbers of Russian armaments and this is sooner the theme, which concerns experts of the Defense Ministry," the Kremlin spokesman said. The Malaysia Airlines Boeing-777 passenger airliner on a flight from the Dutch city of Amsterdam to the Malaysian capital of Kuala Lumpur crashed in the area of hostilities between local militias and Ukrainian governmental troops in east Ukraine’s Donetsk region in July 2014. All 298 people aboard the airliner, including the crewmembers, died in the air crash. Read also Dutch-led commission for MH17 crash probe dishonestly used Almaz-Antey data — company Most of the air crash’s victims were Dutch nationals. Versions were put forward that the airliner could have been hit by a surface-to-air or an air-to air missile. The Ukrainian authorities and the militia of the Donetsk People’s Republic (DPR) accused each other of shooting down the airliner. The UN Security Council passed a resolution on July 21 to hold a comprehensive and independent probe into the crash. The Dutch Security Council approved a final report on October 13 on the results of the probe into the Malaysian airliner crash in east Ukraine last year. The commission came to the conclusion that the airliner had been downed from a Buk antiaircraft missile system. Moreover, the missile could have been fired from the territory as large as 320 square kilometers in east Ukraine. According to the report, the Boeing was shot down by the 9H314M warhead, which could have been carried by one of the 9M38 missile modifications.  Russia’s representatives have said on many occasions they are dissatisfied with how the investigation was carried out and that the data presented by the Russian side were ignored. Russian specialists investigating the MH17 crash modelled the airliner’s flight and came to the conclusion that the missile, which could have hit the passenger plane, had been fired from the territory uncontrolled by the DPR militia at that time. {{item.group_date}} {{item.suffix?", "+item.suffix:""}} Show more Share Topics Foreign policy Boeing 777 crash in Ukraine Top News June 16, 8:30 Putin believes Trump’s victory proves that US voters are longing for change June 16, 8:30 June 16, 7:48 Trump puzzled by media hype over his ‘non-dealings’ with Russia June 16, 7:48 June 16, 8:07 Putin’s Q&A session: a 'nationwide book of complaints' June 16, 8:07 June 15, 18:27 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry June 15, 18:27 In other media Реклама Photo 10 Russia's top diplomat Sergey Lavrov celebrates his birthday 3 Four Russians killed in Istanbul helicopter crash — Foreign Ministry 3 MP warns US deployment of THAAD system in South Korea jeopardizes Russia’s security Infographics Russia's gas pipelines to Europe by 2018 Russia’s state defense order in 2015 Chinese Lunar Exploration Program Russia’s Angara A5 heavy-load space carrier rocket Most read Now Today This week 1 Russian missile carriers fly over Baltic Sea with NATO fighter aircraft 2 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 3 US Congress introduces new sanctions against Russia 4 Russian Foreign Minsitry comments on India-Pakistan disoute over Kashmir 5 World's most influential journals for 2017 unveiled in the Journal Citation Reports 6 Russian, Indian defense ministers to meet next week 7 Germany’s football squad arrives in Sochi for 2017 FIFA Confederations Cup 1 Putin ready to provide political asylum to former FBI director 2 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 3 Russian missile carriers fly over Baltic Sea with NATO fighter aircraft 4 Austria, Germany castigate US plans to impose new sanctions on Russia 5 Putin not surprised at US Senate's crusade to tighten sanctions against Russia 6 World's most influential journals for 2017 unveiled in the Journal Citation Reports 7 Putin's annual Q&A session 1 Putin ready to provide political asylum to former FBI director 2 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 3 Russia’s modernized strategic bombers to get protection from all types of missiles 4 Russia tests cruise missile defense systems 5 Putin notes Washington planned to use terrorists to destabilize Russia 6 Austria, Germany castigate US plans to impose new sanctions on Russia 7 US-led coalition colluding with IS instead of fighting terrorism — Defense Ministry TOP STORIES CONFLICT IN SYRIA RUSSIA'S DEFENSE INDUSTRY OIL& GAS INDUSTRY SPACE PROGRAMS Реклама News Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Sections Tags Media Press Releases Infographics About us TASS TODAY AGENCY NEWS TASS HISTORY MANAGEMENT CONTACTS Services TASS-PHOTO TASS-ONLINE TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age. © 2017 TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age.
<iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KX9ZXT" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe> Putin believes Trump’s victory proves that US voters are longing for change Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 16, 8:30 Putin’s Q&A session: a 'nationwide book of complaints' Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 16, 8:07 Trump puzzled by media hype over his ‘non-dealings’ with Russia World June 16, 7:48 Construction of first nuclear power plant in Turkey to begin in 2018 Business & Economy June 16, 6:28 St Isaac’s Cathedral museum in St Petersburg gets new director Society & Culture June 16, 2:34 Direct Line with the president: Putin answers questions on Russia's foreign policy Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 15, 21:01 Russian Central Bank plans to hold meeting on monetary policy Business & Economy June 15, 19:54 US Congress introduces new sanctions against Russia World June 15, 19:19 Putin comments on plans to build bridge to Sakhalin Island Business & Economy June 15, 18:48 {{element.title}} {{element.heading}} {{element.date}} Back to Main page Back to Main page Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Tags Media Press Releases Infographics Select the city Moscow St.-Petersburg Novosibirsk Ekaterinburg Nizhny Novgorod Samara Kazan Omsk Chelyabinsk Rostov-on-Don Ufa Volgograd Perm Krasnoyarsk Voronezh Currency converter USD EUR GBP CHF JPY CNY Back to Currency converter Exchange rate USD → RUR Сurrency Converter History course Please enter an amount Amount: From: ↔ To: Exchange rate on: 16.06.2017 15.06.2017 14.06.2017 13.06.2017 12.06.2017 11.06.2017 10.06.2017 ^ News Feed Sections Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review More Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review All news News Feed News Search Topics All Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review ОК Use filter You can filter your feed, by choosing only interesting sections. Go to Search More news Russia ready for cooperation with Dutch prosecutors in Donbass Boeing crash investigation Russian Politics & Diplomacy July 06, 2016, 16:23 UTC+3 MOSCOW Representatives of the Dutch National Prosecutor’s Office visited the Russian Prosecutor General’s Office the other day for talks on cooperation in the criminal investigation into the MH17 crash Share 1 pages in this article © AP Photo/Peter Dejong Read also Kremlin: No lawsuit against Russia over MH17 crash de jure MOSCOW, July 6 /TASS/. Representatives of the Russian Prosecutor General’s Office said after meeting Dutch prosecutors in Moscow that they were ready for effective cooperation with the Dutch colleagues in investigating the circumstances of the Malaysian Boeing crash over Ukraine, Alexander Kurennoy from the Russian Prosecutor General’s Office has said. The Russian side received the Dutch colleagues in Moscow on July 6. Its main aim was to fulfil the Netherland’s request for legal assistance as promptly and thoroughly as possible. "The Russian Prosecutor General’s Office is planning to continue providing all the necessary legal assistance required for full and objective criminal investigation into the circumstances of the Malaysian Boeing crash in the sky over Ukraine," Kurennoy stressed. Representatives of the Dutch National Prosecutor’s Office visited the Russian Prosecutor General’s Office the other day for negotiations on cooperation in leading a criminal investigation into the MH17 Boeing crash, which took place over Ukraine on July 17, 2014. "During the talks Russia reconfirmed it was ready to conduct maximum effective operational cooperation with the Netherlands with an aim to establish the circumstances of that terrible tragedy," Kurennoy said. Read also Kremlin dismisses investigative journalists’ report on causes of MH17 crash in Donbass He added that the Russian Prosecutor’s Office has handed over a huge amount of materials and documents related to the crash to the Dutch side following the request of the Dutch National Prosecutor’s Office for legal assistance since November 2014 as part of international criminal investigation into the MH17 crash. The Joint International Criminal Investigation Team MH17 consists of experts from Australia, Belgium, Malaysia, the Netherlands and Ukraine. The Dutch National Prosecutor’s Office is leading the team whose main task is to establish who is to blame for the MH17 crash. The Joint International Criminal Investigation Team is supposed to submit its preliminary findings on the weapons used to down the plane and the exact place from where the missile was launched. The Boeing-777 (Boeing 777-200ER) of Malaysia Airlines, which was on a flight from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur, crashed over Ukraine’s eastern Donetsk region on July 17, 2014. All the 283 passengers and the 15-member crew - the citizens of 10 states - died in the crash. {{item.group_date}} {{item.suffix?", "+item.suffix:""}} Show more Share Topics Foreign policy Boeing 777 crash in Ukraine Top News June 16, 8:30 Putin believes Trump’s victory proves that US voters are longing for change June 16, 8:30 June 16, 7:48 Trump puzzled by media hype over his ‘non-dealings’ with Russia June 16, 7:48 June 16, 8:07 Putin’s Q&A session: a 'nationwide book of complaints' June 16, 8:07 June 15, 18:27 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry June 15, 18:27 In other media Реклама Photo 10 Russia's top diplomat Sergey Lavrov celebrates his birthday 3 Four Russians killed in Istanbul helicopter crash — Foreign Ministry 3 MP warns US deployment of THAAD system in South Korea jeopardizes Russia’s security Infographics Russia's gas pipelines to Europe by 2018 Russia’s state defense order in 2015 Chinese Lunar Exploration Program Russia’s Angara A5 heavy-load space carrier rocket Most read Now Today This week 1 Russian missile carriers fly over Baltic Sea with NATO fighter aircraft 2 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 3 US Congress introduces new sanctions against Russia 4 Russian Foreign Minsitry comments on India-Pakistan disoute over Kashmir 5 World's most influential journals for 2017 unveiled in the Journal Citation Reports 6 Russian, Indian defense ministers to meet next week 7 Germany’s football squad arrives in Sochi for 2017 FIFA Confederations Cup 1 Putin ready to provide political asylum to former FBI director 2 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 3 Russian missile carriers fly over Baltic Sea with NATO fighter aircraft 4 Austria, Germany castigate US plans to impose new sanctions on Russia 5 Putin not surprised at US Senate's crusade to tighten sanctions against Russia 6 World's most influential journals for 2017 unveiled in the Journal Citation Reports 7 Putin's annual Q&A session 1 Putin ready to provide political asylum to former FBI director 2 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 3 Russia’s modernized strategic bombers to get protection from all types of missiles 4 Russia tests cruise missile defense systems 5 Putin notes Washington planned to use terrorists to destabilize Russia 6 Austria, Germany castigate US plans to impose new sanctions on Russia 7 US-led coalition colluding with IS instead of fighting terrorism — Defense Ministry TOP STORIES CONFLICT IN SYRIA RUSSIA'S DEFENSE INDUSTRY OIL& GAS INDUSTRY SPACE PROGRAMS Реклама News Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Sections Tags Media Press Releases Infographics About us TASS TODAY AGENCY NEWS TASS HISTORY MANAGEMENT CONTACTS Services TASS-PHOTO TASS-ONLINE TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age. © 2017 TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age.
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Friday 16 Jun 2017 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment Boeing appreciative of WTO compliance ruling By Gulli Arnason in Air and Travel · June 12, 2017 Boeing (NYSE: BA) has commended the Office of the US Trade Representative (USTR) for achieving another significant win in the long-running dispute between the United States and the European Union (EU) over aerospace subsidies, the company said. The World Trade Organization (WTO) confirmed that the United States has complied with virtually all of the WTO´s decision in the counter-case the EU filed against the United States in 2006. The EU and Airbus claimed in this case that Boeing benefitted from tens of billions of dollars of subsidies and focused their arguments on research and development contracts that Boeing received from the National Aeronautics and Space Administration and the Department of Defense. In addition to holding that the US had complied with its prior ruling concerning various US government research and development contracts with Boeing, the WTO today also dismissed EU claims against the investment incentives Boeing received in South Carolina, other older state and local tax incentives, the FAA CLEEN program, and seven of eight tax incentives from Washington State. Under WTO rules, tariffs for non-compliance are levied based upon the harm the subsidies are causing annually, which USTR in this case estimates is in the USD 7-10 billion range. Related posts s Azul May traffic up YoY June 15, 2017 Azul S.A., “Azul”, (B3: AZUL4, NYSE: AZUL), the largest airline in Brazil by number of... Fraport growth trend continues June 15, 2017 In May 2017, passenger traffic at Frankfurt Airport (FRA) continued to increase significantly, rising by... Lucky Air flies Kunming to Moscow route June 15, 2017 On 12th June, the first international regular line to Eastern Europe operated by Lucky Air... Hainan Airlines plans Shanghai-Tel Aviv non-stop service June 15, 2017 Hainan Airlines will launch a non-stop service between Tel Aviv and Shanghai on September 12,... Helsinki Airport includes solar in CO2 reduction plan June 15, 2017 Finavia, the operator of Helsinki Airport, has decided to speed up its ambitious climate programme,... Leave a comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « Boeing names supply chain & operations leader CommutAir names director of systems operations control » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 June 2017 M T W T F S S « May       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2017 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Friday 16 Jun 2017 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment Boeing names supply chain & operations leader By Gulli Arnason in Air and Travel · June 12, 2017 Boeing (NYSE: BA) has appointed Jenette Ramos, a 29-year Boeing veteran with executive leadership roles in fabrication, supplier management, and environment, health and safety, as senior vice president, Supply Chain & Operations, effective immediately, the company said. Ramos, 51, replaces Pat Shanahan, who has been nominated to serve as US Deputy Secretary of Defense. Ramos, most recently vice president and general manager of Fabrication at Boeing Commercial Airplanes, now will oversee the company´s Manufacturing Operations and Supplier Management functions, including implementation of advanced manufacturing technologies and global supply chain strategies. She also leads Boeing´s Environment, Health & Safety organization. As leader of Fabrication at BCA since 2014, Ramos led a global operation of more than 17,000 employees that serves as the largest manufacturing partner to all Commercial Airplanes programs. In that role, she integrated businesses at 11 sites world-wide that design and manufacture composite, metal, electrical and interior aerospace parts, tools and assemblies. She also served on the Executive Steering Team of the Boeing employee workplace safety initiative. Related posts s Azul May traffic up YoY June 15, 2017 Azul S.A., “Azul”, (B3: AZUL4, NYSE: AZUL), the largest airline in Brazil by number of... Fraport growth trend continues June 15, 2017 In May 2017, passenger traffic at Frankfurt Airport (FRA) continued to increase significantly, rising by... Lucky Air flies Kunming to Moscow route June 15, 2017 On 12th June, the first international regular line to Eastern Europe operated by Lucky Air... Hainan Airlines plans Shanghai-Tel Aviv non-stop service June 15, 2017 Hainan Airlines will launch a non-stop service between Tel Aviv and Shanghai on September 12,... Helsinki Airport includes solar in CO2 reduction plan June 15, 2017 Finavia, the operator of Helsinki Airport, has decided to speed up its ambitious climate programme,... Leave a comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « Zeevo Group adds industry executive leadership team Boeing appreciative of WTO compliance ruling » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 June 2017 M T W T F S S « May       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2017 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today DOW- NASDAQ- S&P 500- Bond market warns of a slowdown as Big Tech selling continues >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Why Boeing Co (BA) Stock Is Still the Most Worthy Aerospace Play BA stock is a solid dividend and growth play By Lawrence Meyers, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Jun 12, 2017, 11:03 am EDT     View All   Popular Posts: Why SeaDrill Ltd (SDRL) Stock Is Only Good for a Trade 3 Naked Put Options for a ‘Grand’ July What Should Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock Do With Its Cash? Recent Posts: 3 Naked Put Options for a ‘Grand’ July Why Boeing Co (BA) Stock Is Still the Most Worthy Aerospace Play Why SeaDrill Ltd (SDRL) Stock Is Only Good for a Trade View All Posts For a very long time, I’ve said that energy stocks are absolute must-haves in any long-term diversified portfolio. However, as I’ve been compiling potential candidates for my stock advisory newsletter, The Liberty Portfolio, it is impossible to ignore the necessity of having defense and aerospace as a central component as well. Source: Phillip Capper via Flickr While I haven’t settled on exactly what to purchase for The Liberty Portfolio, average investors may want to consider Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) for their own long-term portfolio. As it is, defense and aerospace are an essential part of America. National security, even during dovish administrations, remains a necessity. In fact, since the beginning of the Obama years, the sector ETF for defense — iShares US Aerospace and Defense (NYSEARCA:ITA) — has returned almost 300%. I consider sectors and stocks that are “intrinsically wrapped into human DNA” as must-haves in a diversified long-term portfolio. Yet until recently, I considered those candidates to be things that Americans directly touched with their consumer dollars. Aerospace and defense isn’t exactly a fit for that criterion, yet the sector is part of our DNA. Our country can’t live without this sector. Boeing Has a Few Perks Boeing has led the way in this sector, along with other select names, for a long time. There’s plenty of business to go around in the arenas that BA specializes in. There simply aren’t very many companies in the entire world that manufacture commercial aircraft. That includes all the aviation services support, spare parts, training, maintenance documents and technical advice that go along with those planes. The same goes for military aircraft. The field is a bit larger in network and space systems, but not by much. Naturally, Boeing and its Global Services & Support segment offers all the integrated logistics services for its products that no other company can really offer. It’s a bit like buying an Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone and being required to purchase Apple accessories, because no third-party provider can make the accessories that Apple designers have built into their designs. So in many ways, BA is effectively part of an oligarchy, and investors like oligarchies. Of course, when you think about a company’s products having a wide moat, you quickly realize that it isn’t just anyone who can get up and launch an airplane company that includes all the logistics and technology that is required. Bottom Line on BA Stock BA stock has a solid balance sheet. The company has $9.2 billion in cash and short-term investments, and $4.85 billion in long-term investments. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/06/boeing-co-ba-stock-most-worthy/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Stocks Ready for a BIG Move -- in Either Direction 5 'FAANG' Tech Stocks Suddenly in Trouble 4 Stocks That Will Dominate Robotics 3 Reasons to Be Worried About Amazon Stock 3 Cheap Sector ETFs That Are Soaring FB Should Fear This Social Media Kingslayer ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Stocks Ready for a BIG Move – In Either Direction 4 Tech Stocks That Will Dominate Robotics 3 Cheap Fidelity Sector ETFs That Are Soaring 5 “FAANG” Tech Stocks That Are Suddenly in Trouble 3 Reasons to Buy the Dip in Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Most Popular The 7 Best Stocks to Buy at Any Price 10 Great Stocks to Buy You Didn’t Know Existed 10 Best Dividend Stocks for the Market’s 10 Sectors 5 Energy Stocks That Are Destined to Lose Why Tesla Inc (TSLA) Stock Will Race to $400 Warren Buffett’s 7 Best Dividend Stocks for Retirement Poll of the Day View and vote in our How confident are you about the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In The Irish Times Fri, Jun 16, 2017 The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Companies Transport & Tourism Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Businessperson Awards Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Profits at SMBC Aviation Captial up 48% Irish aircraft leasing specialist has interest in 670 aircraft worth a total of $10 billion Mon, Jun 12, 2017, 12:07 Barry O'Halloran SMBC buys aircraft from manufacturers such as Boeing and Airbus, and leases them to airlines         Aircraft leasing specialist SMBC Aviation Capital may issue a further bond this year to follow 2016’s $500 million fund raising, according to chief executive, Peter Barrett. SMBC said on Monday that pre-tax profits grew 48 per cent to $346 million in the 12 months ended March 31st from $233 million during the same period in 2015-16. Speaking after it published its results, Mr Barrett noted that the company borrowed $500 million through a five-year bond issue last July and could contemplate raising further cash in this way in 2017. “The timing is going to depend on the market and our needs,” he said. SMBC pledged to pay 2.65 per cent on the bonds that it issued last July. Mr Barrett pointed out that interest rates have increased slightly since then. At the same time, ratings agency Fitch has upgraded SMBC to triple A status from triple B+, meaning that it believes there is only a minimal risk of the Irish company defaulting, which implies that the markets should be happier to charge it less interest. SMBC’s revenue for the 12 months to the end of March increased 11 per cent to $1.16 billion from $1.03 billion the previous year. The company generated an operating surplus of $661 million. On March 31 2017 SMBC had an interest in 670 aircraft worth a total of $10 billion. The company did 111 deals during the 12-month period, including delivering new generation Airbus and Boeing aircraft to its airline customers. Important market SMBC buys aircraft from manufacturers such as Boeing and Airbus and leases them to airlines in Europe, the Americas and Asia. During the year, it South Korean carrier Asiana’s first Airbus A350XWB. Mr Barrett said that while growth was strong in Asia, business increased in most of its regions. It provided craft to Avianca in Colombia and Air Europa in Spain. It has also been supplying Airbus A320 neo’s to Scandinavian carrier, SAS, which was renewing its fleet. “However, Asia will continue to b e an important market,” Mr Barrett said, adding that this was where populations and economies are growing at their strongest rate. He acknowledged that the UK’s decision to leave the EU and crises such as Qatar’s rift with its neighbours were risks, but pointed out that the spread of SMBC’s operations meant that the company regularly encountered problems. “Last year it was Turkey and two years ago it was Russia, ” he said. “But Russia has paid off and is doing pretty well for us now.” In a statement, Mr Barrett, described 2017 as another year of strong financial and operational growth. He added that the Irish lessor’s relationship with its Japanese parent, Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group and Sumitomo Corporation continued to grow. “Our strategy, combined with our leading market position and supportive shareholders, ensures that we are well placed for the future,” he said.       Topics: Peter Barrett Eu Air Europa Airbus Asiana Avianca Boeing Fitch SAS Group Sumitomo Sumitomo Mitsui Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Asia Colombia Europe Qatar Russia Spain Turkey United Kingdom Read More Ryanair lowers fares and market guidance for next year’s profits Ryanair offers to take over Alitalia’s short-haul business Deal with Chinese province Guangdong set to boost Irish trade Lufthansa to add fourth Dublin-Frankfurt flight Revenue up but no 2016 profit for firm providing Ryanair crew Flybe swings to loss due to slowing consumer demand Norwegian’s Irish flights to proceed despite delay with new aircraft British Airways ‘working hard’ to compensate grounded passengers Stobart Air to add jet aircraft to fleet as part of €25m expansion Iarnród Éireann ‘nearly insolvent’ due to losses  Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Financial Services Big read: Irish banks plot loan sales as ECB turns up heat Work ‘Lack of worker engagement is a real risk factor for business’ Gaelic Games Jackie Tyrrell: Waterford are nice, you’d want your sister going out with one of them Ireland Cycle Series: Bloomin’ great route in the midlands Sponsored Mater Private launches same-day appointment service To give your business a boost, ask more of your payroll provider A new whiskey story: from father to son Business Achievers allows Ulster Bank reboot business support Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE GO BACK The account details entered are not currently associated with an Irish Times subscription. Please subscribe to sign in to comment. Comment Sign In I agree to the Terms & Conditions, community standards and Privacy Policy SIGN IN Forgot password? Thank you You should receive instructions for resetting your password. When you have reset your password, you can Sign In. Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Screen Name Selection Hello Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Only letters, numbers, periods and hyphens are allowed in screen names. CONFIRM Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE Forgot Password Please enter your email address so we can send you a link to reset your password. SUBMIT Sign In Your Comments Sign In Sign Out We reserve the right to remove any content at any time from this Community, including without limitation if it violates the Community Standards. We ask that you report content that you in good faith believe violates the above rules by clicking the Flag link next to the offending comment or by filling out this form. New comments are only accepted for 3 days from the date of publication. Latest Business Tesco reports strongest quarterly sales in seven years 07:26 Applegreen appoints new chief financial officer 07:20 ‘Lack of worker engagement is a real risk factor for business’ 07:00 Oil sits near half-year lows as global supply overhang weighs 06:44 The Irish brains behind video game hit Football Manager 06:34 Most Read in Business 1 ‘Don’t come to Dublin. It’s a rip-off,’ says tourism expert 2 Five questions to ask about corporate culture 3 Big read: Irish banks plot loan sales as ECB turns up heat 4 Ireland is second most expensive EU state for goods and services 5 Anglo-Irish Treaty could be a blueprint to solve Brexit bill impasse 6 The final reckoning for the Brexit shambles will be ugly 7 Applegreen appoints new chief financial officer 8 When will the State get serious on corporate governance? 9 AIB settled Citigroup dispute over Rusnak at fraction of $872m claim 10 Oil sits near half-year lows as global supply overhang weighs Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE News - direct to your inbox Which Daily Digest would you like? Morning Lunchtime Both Google ID Name Surname Email Sign Up Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper Subscriber Rewards Subscriber Tour Breaking news app IT Sunday My Account eBooks Email Newsletters Crossword Club Newspaper Archive Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Fri 16/6/2017 News Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit Sport Lions Tour Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations Subscriber Tour Explore the features of your subscription Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism My Account Manage your account IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
× Like what you're reading? Never miss a thing with the HuffPost Canada Politics newsletter!   Sign me up for the Daily Brief, too. Newsletter may include personalized content. Learn more. View mobile site Canada Politics Edition: ca Show/Hide عربي (Arabic) AR Australia AU Brasil BR Canada CA Deutschland DE España ES France FR Ελλάδα (Greece) GR India IN Italia IT 日本 (Japan) JP 한국 (Korea) KR Maghreb MG México MX South Africa ZA United Kingdom UK United States US Region: ALL Show/Hide All Canada Alberta British Columbia Québec (en français) Follow Newsletters Get Canada PoliticsNewsletters Email address Enter Email Address iOS app Android app More Desktop Alerts $USERNAME Desktop Notifications Profile Settings Logout FRONT PAGE Politics Liberals Scale Back Controversial Reforms To House Rules 1 Liberals Sinking Billions Into Used, Problem-Plagued Submarines 11 National Aboriginal Day Should Be A Statutory Holiday: NDP MP Georgina Jolibois 0 Spike In Asylum Claims In Canada Could Spark 11-Year Wait Time: Memo 7 Trudeau Pledges To Erase Past Same-Sex Convictions, Apologize For Wrongs 11 Go to Politics More in Politics Althia Raj Bill C-51 Salute Politics Videos You Might Also Like US Politics UK Politics Business Dodge Grand Caravans Recalled Because Air Bag Can Inflate Unexpectedly 0 Canadian Mortgage Rates Could Start Rising 'As Soon As July' 0 Canada's Most And Least Respected Professions: Sorry, Politicians And Car Salespeople 0 Credit Card Surcharges Coming Canada's Way After Class Action Suit 0 Cellphone Unlocking Fees Banned By The CRTC 5 Go to Business More in Business Working Poor Joint Venture Sunny Freeman Business Videos You Might Also Like Tech TechCrunch WorldPost Syrian Women Have A Message: Drop Earrings, Not Bombs 0 Go to WorldPost More in WorldPost Foreign Affairs World Elections Arab Uprising Afghanistan War Syria Crisis You Might Also Like Travel Impact Parents Little Girl Discovers Princesses Are Real When She Meets A Bride 0 Go to Parents More in Parents Apparently Parents Videos You Might Also Like Healthy Inspiration Recipes Women Sex & Relationships Weddings Living Elizabeth Banks Condemns Steven Spielberg For His Lack Of Female-Led Movies 0 LaCroix Water Is Finally Going To Be (Officially) Available In Ontario 0 Zoë Kravitz Calls Out Hollywood's 'Insane' Problem With Stereotyping 0 'Tanning Drug' Can Darken Skin While Preventing Skin Cancer 0 Sylvia Maracle, Gord Downie And Other Members Of Tragically Hip To Get Order Of Canada 0 Go to Living More in Living 2 Minutes To Transform Apparently I'm Sold Canada Say it. Make it. Eat it. Like A Tourist Living Videos You Might Also Like Healthy Inspiration Recipes Women Sex & Relationships Style New Brunswick Couple Hoping To Win Stuck At Prom Contest With Duct Tape Outfits 0 Muslims Are Incorporating Their Hijabs Into Stunning Cosplay 0 Céline Dion's Lifestyle Brand Will Be Sold At Nordstrom 0 Kim Kardashian Is Launching Her Own Beauty Line 0 Canadian Model Elly Mayday Fronts Addition Elle's BRAve Campaign To Fight Ovarian Cancer 0 Go to Style More in Style Style Videos Beauty Fashion Celeb Style Wedding Style Best And Worst Dressed Skincare You Might Also Like Style (U.S.) Weddings Entertainment Ben Stiller And Christine Taylor Split After 17 Years Of Marriage 0 Kumail Nanjiani Tells Grads To ‘Have Sex With An Immigrant’ 0 A 'Pirates Of The Caribbean' Set Features Around $2 Million In Snacks 0 Channing Tatum And Adam Driver Are Your New Favorite Criminals 0 Eddie Vedder And Guns N' Roses Pay Tribute To Chris Cornell During Europe Concerts 0 Go to Entertainment You Might Also Like Music Celebrity TV Moviefone Arts Broadway Icon Patti LuPone Refuses To Perform For 'Motherf**cker' Trump 0 14-Year-Old Girl Delivers 'Absolutely Extraordinary' 'World Of Dance' Routine 0 Trump Blocked Stephen King On Twitter, So J.K. Rowling Stepped In To Save The Day 0 The Hardest 'Harry Potter' Quiz You'll Ever Take 0 After 46 Years, Yoko Ono Is Finally Credited For Co-Writing 'Imagine' 0 Go to Arts You Might Also Like Books Black Voices Latino Voices Gay Voices Religion Alberta Derek Saretzky Told Police He Didn't Know Where God Put Slain 2-Year-Old Girl's Body 0 Jeffrey Robert Williamson Arrested For Canada Creep Twitter Account 6 Go to Alberta More in Alberta Alberta Politics Alberta Business Rachel Notley Calgary Edmonton BC Ryan Podhorodecki Sentenced For Killing Girlfriend's Toddler In Calgary 21 Go to BC More in BC B.C. Politics B.C. Business B.C. Good News B.C. RCMP Vancouver Vancouver Housing You Might Also Like B.C.Videos All Sections News Canada Politics Canada Business US Politics US Business World Media Sports Education Crime Weird News Good News Daily Finance Entertainment Entertainment Music TV Celebrity Comedy Arts Books Moviefone Life & Style Living Style Home Healthy Living Taste Weddings Travel Parents Divorce HuffPost 50 OWN Quiet Revolution Tech & Science Tech Science Green Techcrunch Engadget TUAW Joystiq Voices Impact Women Black Voices Latino Voices Queer Voices Religion College Teen Outspeak Local Quebec (French) Calgary Montreal Ottawa Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg Mapquest Patch.com Our Mobile Apps: iPhone iPad Android Phone Android Tablet Politics Althia Raj Bill C-51 Politics Videos Parliament of Canada Althia Raj on Facebook UK Politics US Politics Liberals Scale Back Controversial House Reforms Liberals Sinking Billions Into Used, Problem-Plagued Submarines National Aboriginal Day Should Be A Stat Holiday: NDP MP Spike In Asylum Claims Could Spark 11-Year Wait Time: Memo Trudeau Pledges To Erase Past Same-Sex Convictions Trump Taps Big-Money Donor To Be Ambassador To Canada PM Dishing 'Some Baloney' On Chinese Takeover Of Tech Firm Previous Story Next Story Liberals Mulling Big Questions On Afghanistan Mission, Fighter Jets CP  |  By Lee Berthiaume, The Canadian Press Posted: 06/12/2017 10:17 am EDT Updated: 06/12/2017 10:26 am EDT Share Tweet Email Comment tumblr reddit ADVERTISEMENT OTTAWA — Although the Trudeau government launched its long term plan for modernizing the military last week, more immediate realities are tugging for attention on the Liberals' list of defence priorities. In particular, two critical, short-term questions have emerged: what to do about the government's plan to buy "interim" fighter jets, and whether to take on a new role in Afghanistan? Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan speaks at CFB Trenton on June 8, 2017. (Photo: Lars Hagberg/The Canadian Press) The Canadian Press has learned that Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan met with the head of Lockheed Martin, the U.S. defence giant behind the F-35 stealth fighter, in Singapore earlier this month. Word of Sajjan's meeting with Lockheed president Marillyn Hewson came as the minister told CTV's Question Period that the government is looking at "different options" for addressing a critical shortage of fighter jets. The Liberals announced last November that they would address the jet shortage by purchasing 18 "interim" Super Hornets from Boeing, before holding a competition to replace all of Canada's CF-18s. But that was before Boeing complained to the U.S. Commerce Department that Canadian aerospace firm Bombardier had sold its CSeries jet liners at an unfair discount with help from the federal government.   The Liberals have since threatened to scrap the Super Hornet plan because of the dispute, which took another turn Friday when the U.S. International Trade Commission said it would continue investigating. Sajjan's spokeswoman Jordan Owens confirmed the minister met with Hewson at a defence summit in Singapore at the beginning of June, but could not immediately comment on the discussion. However, a Lockheed official speaking on background said Hewson told Sajjan that her company was ready and eager to deliver F-35s on an urgent basis if required. That would represent a marked turn in the ongoing saga to buy new fighter jets for Canada, after initially promising during the last election to not buy the stealth fighters. 'The door hasn't been closed yet' The Liberals recently spent another $30 million to stay at the table as a partner in the F-35 project, while Boeing for its part has emphasized its long-standing economic and commercial ties to Canada. Fighter jets aren't the only issue requiring an immediate decision as Sajjan's office said Sunday that NATO has asked Canada to send police officers to Afghanistan to help train the war-torn country's beleaguered security forces. "We just received this and are looking into it," Sajjan's spokeswoman, Jordan Owens, told The Canadian Press. "The door hasn't been closed yet." The request comes as the U.S. and NATO seek to bolster the alliance's footprint in Afghanistan, where local police and military forces have struggled against a resurgent Taliban. Story continues after slideshow: Close  Current MPs With Military Experience (2016) of   Party: Liberal Riding: Vancouver South, British Columbia Military Organization and Past Titles: Commandant, British Columbia Regiment; Lieutenant-Colonel, Canadian Forces; Aide de Camp, Lieutenant Governor of British Columbia Party: Liberal Riding: Aurora--Oak Ridges--Richmond Hill, Ontario Military Organization and Titles: Logistics Officer, Canadian Forces (Air Force), retiring with the rank of Captain Party: Liberal Riding: Orléans, Ontario Military Organization and Past Titles: Chief of Transformation, Canadian Forces; Chief of Staff, Canadian Forces (Army); Deputy Commander, International Security Assistance Force in Kabul, Afghanistan; Commander, Land Force Doctrine and Training System; Commander, Land Force Command; Director of Command, Control, Communications and Computer Systems, Canadian Forces; Commander, 1st Canadian Mechanized Brigade Group; Colonel, Canadian Forces (Army); Member, 1st Field Regiment, Royal Canadian Horse Artillery; Member, 30th Field Artillery Regiment Party: NDP Riding: Abitibi--Témiscamingue, Quebec Military Organization and Past Titles: Officer Cadet, Canadian Forces (Army), and Corporal, 52nd Field Ambulance Party: Conservative Riding: Durham, Ontario Military Organization and Past Titles: Member, Canadian Forces; Officer, Royal Canadian Air Force; Officer, Royal Canadian Air Force 8 Wing (Trenton, Ontario); Air Navigator, Royal Canadian Air Force 17 Wing (Winnipeg, Manitoba); Captain, Royal Canadian Air Force 423 Squadron (Shearwater, Nova Scotia); Training Officer, Royal Canadian Air Force 406 Squadron (Reserve) Party: Conservative Riding: Beauport--Limoilou, Quebec Military Organization and Past Title: Master Bombardier, 6th Field Artillery Brigade Party: Bloc Quebecois Riding: Terrebonne, Quebec Military Organization and Past Titles: Infantry Officer, Royal 22e Régiment Party: Conservative Riding: Charlesbourg--Haute-Saint-Charles, Quebec Military Organization and Past Titles: Commandant, Regiment de la Chaudière, and Officer, Canadian Forces (Reserve) Party: Liberal Riding: Kelowna--Lake Country, British Columbia Military Organization and Past Titles: Flight Commander, Canadian Forces Instrument Check Pilot School; Officer, 2nd Canadian Forces Flight Training School; Major, 1st Canadian Air Division; Flight instructor, Canadian Forces (Air Force) Party: Liberal Riding: Westmount--Ville-Marie, Quebec Military Organization and Past Titles: Captain, Canadian Forces (Navy) and Combat Systems Engineer, Canadian Forces (Navy) Party: Liberal Riding: Winnipeg Centre, Manitoba Military Organization and Past Titles: Petty Officer 2nd class, Royal Canadian Navy; Sergeant-at-Arms, 5th Valcartier Field Ambulance, Member, Canadian Forces (Navy Reserve) Party: Liberal Riding: Winnipeg North, Manitoba Military Organization and Past Titles: Air Traffic Controller, Canadian Forces (Air Force) Party: Liberal Riding: Kanata--Carleton, Ontario Military Organization and Past Titles: Lieutenant-Colonel, 429 Transport Squadron; Air Navigator, Canadian Forces (Air Force); Member, Windsor Regiment (RCAC) and Royal Canadian Army Cadets Party: Liberal Riding: Pitt Meadows--Maple Ridge, British Columbia Military Organization and Past Titles: Member, Canadian Army Reserve Force Party: Liberal Riding: Ville-Marie--Le Sud-Ouest--Île-des-Soeurs, Quebec Military Organization and Past Titles: Commander, Canadian Infantry Party: Liberal Riding: Brampton Centre, Ontario Military Organization and Past Titles: Member, Indian Air Force UP NEXT: Unseen Sides Of The Afghan War Check out a selection of photographs from Razistan below showing the unseen sides of the war. Mussa Ahmadi, an 18-year-old heroin addict in Kabul. Photo: Sandra Calligaro A refugee camp on the outskirts of Kabul. Photo: Jonte Wentzel Outdoor school for children in eastern Afghanistan. Photo: Jacob Simkin Afghan National Army recruits on a night-time training exercise. Photo: Joel van Houdt Fahim Bash rehearses in his studio in Kabul's musicians' neighborhood on Koche Kharabat Road. Photo: Lorenzo Tugnoli Audience members at Afghan Star, a popular Afghan television show. Photo: John Wendle A Pashtun man and his wife visit the doctor. Photo: Mikhail Galustov Soldier in a sandstorm in Northern Afghanistan. Photo: Joel van Houdt The cast and crew of the production "Doste" film a scene on the outskirts of Kabul. Photo: Jonathan Saruk/Getty Images An Afghan commando on patrol in Helmand Province. Photo: Pieter ten Hoopen  Share  Tweet  ✖ Advertisement Share this ✖ close Current Slide The situation has been complicated by the arrival of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, which has launched several deadly attacks across the country over the past year. One NATO official, who was not authorized to comment publicly, said alliance members will gather in Brussels later this month to announce what they can provide. That puts Canada, which ended its military mission in Afghanistan in 2014, on the clock to decide sooner rather than later whether to dive back into the conflict. Any decision to send Canadians, even police officers, back into Afghanistan is sure to stoke strong reactions given the heavy cost of Canada's military involvement in the country between 2001 and 2014. 158 Canadian soldiers died in Afghan conflict Thousands of Canadians who served in Afghanistan during that period continue to suffer from physical or mental injuries, while 158 soldiers, one diplomat and one journalist were killed. Canada also contributed billions of dollars in development assistance to the country - money that continues to flow in the form of about $150 million per year for aid and to pay the Afghan security forces. Yet despite those investments of blood and treasure, peace and stability remain not only elusive, but increasingly scarce as Afghan security forces have lost ground to the Taliban, in particular. More: liberals afghanistan liberals afghanistan mission trudeau afghanistan Harjit Sajjan afghanistan Harjit Sajjan defence spending Suggest a correction   Click here to view Conversations Conversations Suggested For You FOLLOW HUFFPOST Email Email Address Please check the checkbox to indicate your consent Options HuffPost Daily Brief Politics Get top stories and blog posts emailed to me each day.. Facebook HuffPost Politics Twitter HuffPost Follow Politics Follow Google Plus HuffPost Politics RSS The Huffington Post Politics All RSS / Feeds Phone Available on the App Store Android App on Google Play Get it at Blackberry App World advertise make HuffPost your home page RSS careers FAQ user agreement privacy policy comment policy about us about our ads contact us Archive ©2017 Oath Inc. All rights reserved. Part of HuffPost Politics Use this form to alert a HuffPost editor about a factual or typographical error in this story. Notify message * Required * * * What kind of error is this? Choose an option Factual or typographical Comment moderation problem Rights and permissions Other * What is the correction? 0 count Describe the error here (1,000 character limit) * Type the words below so we know you are not a cyborg Sign me up for The Huffington Post's Daily Brief Thanks for your report!
POLITICO Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure https://www.politicopro.com Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video POLITICO Podcasts Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 The First 100 Days: Trade Connect With Us Rattled by shooting, lawmakers want more personal protection Trump, facing deepening probes, revives attacks on Clinton Lawmakers struggle with emotions as Scalise remains in critical condition White House aides fret over Trump’s Russia probe obsession How Tampa Turned a Dead Zone Into a Downtown Prayers and pitches: Scenes from the congressional baseball game Politico Morning Defense A daily briefing from inside Washington’s national security apparatus Get the Morning Defense Newsletter Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print Mattis and Dunford on the Hill for budget hearings By Gregory Hellman 06/12/2017 10:00 AM EDT With Zach Montellaro, Connor O’Brien and Jacqueline Klimas DRIVING THE WEEK — MATTIS AND DUNFORD HIT THE HILL, via our colleague Connor O’Brien: “Defense Secretary Jim Mattis and Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Joseph Dunford will testify before four separate House and Senate panels this week on the Pentagon's fiscal 2018 budget. Story Continued Below “Mattis and Dunford will testify at a House Armed Services Committee hearing Monday evening, then at a Senate Armed Services hearing Tuesday morning. The pair will then discuss their budget at a Senate Defense Appropriations Subcommittee hearing on Wednesday morning and at hearing before the House Defense Appropriations Subcommittee on Thursday morning. GOP hawks skeptical of Trump’s $603 billion budget will likely pose tough questions for the two military leaders. Among other issues, their budget request doesn’t add new soldiers to the Army, maintains the same number of jet fighters and requests only one more ship than planned. Ahead of tonight's hearing, House Armed Services Chairman Mac Thornberry (R-Texas) penned a Wall Street Journal op-ed arguing Trump's budget "shortchanges" the military and calling for major increases in defense spending. Specifically, he points to double digit percentage increases in defense spending during the Carter and Reagan administrations to rebuild the military. — APPROPRIATIONS SEASON KICKS OFF WITH MILCON BILL: The Military Construction-Veterans Affairs Subcommittee marks up its fiscal 2018 spending bill, the first appropriations measure of the year, this evening. The measure, which funds veterans services and Pentagon infrastructure programs, is typically among the least controversial of the 12 annual appropriations measures. Appropriators rolled out the MilCon bill. Under the newly released spending bill, released Sunday, both the VA and military construction programs would see a funding increase, with discretionary spending totaling $88.8 billion. Pentagon programs, including military construction, family housing and BRAC accounts would receive $10.2 billion, a $2.1 billion increase over the enacted level for this fiscal year. And the VA would receive $78.3 billion, a $3.9 billion increase from the current year. The text of the measure is here, and a summary is here. — TAKE TWO FOR THE NAVY DEPARTMENT: SASC convenes its rescheduled Navy posture hearing Thursday. Acting Navy Secretary Sean Stackley, Chief of Naval Operations Adm. John Richardson and Marine Corps Commandant Gen. Robert Neller are scheduled to testify on their service's fiscal 2018 budget request and future years' defense program. Additionally, the SASC Seapower Subcommittee will hear on Tuesday from senior Navy and Marine Corps officers on the services’ aviation programs. — AND TILLERSON MAKES THE ROUNDS: Secretary of State Rex Tillerson testifies before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on his department’s fiscal 2018 budget Tuesday morning before turning to the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations and Related Programs that afternoon. He rounds out his week on Capitol Hill Wednesday morning, testifying at the House Foreign Affairs Committee and that afternoon before the House Appropriations Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations and Related Programs. HAPPY MONDAY AND WELCOME TO MORNING DEFENSE, where we're always on the lookout for tips, pitches and feedback. Email us at ghellman@politico.com, and follow on Twitter @greg_hellman, @morningdefense and @politicopro. MORNING D TRIVIA: Stephen Malone was the first to correctly answer that Orville Wright and Glenn Curtiss were the two aviation pioneers that formed the Manufacturers Aircraft Association in 1919, the precursor of the Aerospace Industries Association of today. Tune in Friday for this week’s question! SHANAHAN WILL RECUSE HIMSELF FROM BOEING DEALINGS: The president’s nominee for deputy defense secretary, Patrick Shanahan, will recuse himself from dealings with aerospace giant Boeing, where he was a senior vice president. His employment with Boeing ended last week. Shanahan's ethics agreement and financial disclosure have been posted publicly by the Office of Government Ethics. Although he was announced in March, Shanahan's nomination was only just sent to the Senate last week. HAPPENING TODAY — SENATE VOTES ON PENTAGON NOMINEE: The Senate is slated to hold a confirmation vote this evening for Kenneth Rapuano to be assistant secretary for homeland defense and global security. He's one of three defense nominees pending before the full Senate. MAKING MOVES — TRUMP TAPS NEW POINTMAN FOR BRAC: The president intends to nominate Lucian Niemeyer as assistant secretary of defense for energy, installations, and environment. Niemeyer previously managed the military installations portfolio for SASC and most recently as president of the consulting firm The Niemeyer Group. If confirmed by the Senate, he would help lead the Trump administration’s proposed round of base closures and realignments. — AND NEW AIR FORCE COUNSEL: The president also has tapped David Ehrhart as the new Air Force general counsel. Ehrhart was most recently associate general counsel at Lockheed Martin Aeronautics, where he was the lead attorney for the F-35 Program. He had served 33 years in the Air Force, retiring as a brigadier general, including tours as staff judge advocate for the Air Force Materiel Command’s headquarters and assistant judge advocate general for military law and operations for Air Force headquarters. WAR REPORT — THREE U.S. SOLDIERS KILLED IN AFGHANISTAN GREEN-ON-BLUE ATTACK, reports The New York Times: “Three American soldiers were killed and one other was wounded after an Afghan soldier opened fire on them in eastern Afghanistan on Saturday, according to Afghan officials. “A statement by the United States Defense Department confirmed the death of the three Americans, and said the fourth had been evacuated for medical treatment. The statement said the military was investigating the episode.” All six of the American soldiers killed-in-action in Afghanistan this year were special operators fighting against ISIS, reports the NYT. And a roadside bomb hits an American convoy patrolling in eastern Afghanistan, the NYT adds. — U.S. STRIKES AL-SHABAB NERVE CENTER, reports The Military Times: “Unspecified American military aircraft struck a terrorist nerve center in Somalia on Sunday, an operation believed to have killed eight al-Qaida loyalists who've staged repeated attacks on U.S. allies in the region. “The precision strike comes as U.S.-backed African forces intensify their campaign against al-Shabaab, a ruthless terrorist organization U.S. officials characterize as determined to plot attacks within the United States and against American interests globally. In recent months, the American military has subtly increased its footprint and activity there, augmenting a small counter-terror force with conventional troops focused on training those doing most of the fighting.” The strike follows reports that Shabab killed dozens of people — soldiers and civilians, including children — when they stormed a military base on Thursday in northeastern Somalia, adds the NYT. — PHILIPPINE MARINES DIE IN CLASH WITH ISIS, reports the NYT: “Thirteen Philippine marines were killed and at least 40 others were wounded in a 14-hour clash with militants linked to the Islamic State in the city of Marawi, the military said on Saturday. “It was believed to be the deadliest single-day toll for military forces battling Islamist militants from the Abu Sayyaf and Maute groups that seized part of the city in May, beginning a wave of violence across Marawi and displacing tens of thousands of Filipinos.” The terrorist group rose as the Philippines’’ President Rodrigo Duterte ignored it to focus upon a violent anti-drug campaign, adds the NYT. And US. forces are supporting Philippine troops as the fighting continues, writes The Wall Street Journal. — U.S.-BACKED FORCES REPORTEDLY USE ILLEGAL PHOSPHORUS IN DRIVE TO RAQQA, reports the NYT: “ Images and reports from witnesses in the northern Syrian city of Raqqa suggest that the United States-led coalition battling the Islamic State there has used munitions loaded with white phosphorus, the use of which in populated areas is prohibited under international law. “Photographs and video clips posted online showed blinding spots of light spreading outward on Thursday night over what residents said was eastern Raqqa. By day, the images showed low white puffs trailing tentacles of white smoke. Both are typical visual signatures of white phosphorus, which can be loaded into artillery shells.” Beyond Raqqa, an even bigger battle to defeat ISIS and control Syria looms, the NYT adds. ** A message from Huntington Ingalls Industries: A multi-ship purchase approach for the U.S. Navy’s aircraft carrier fleet will save American taxpayers more than $1.5 billion. This approach supports thousands of jobs in a supply chain of more than 2,000 companies across 46 states. Freedom, shaped by smart investment. Learn more at Huntington Ingalls Industries. ** SENATE LOOKS TO JAB RUSSIA, writes POLITICO’s Elana Schor: “The Senate is on the verge of a bipartisan deal to strengthen sanctions against Russia — throwing an elbow at President Donald Trump, who has dismissed Moscow’s meddling in the 2016 election. “Their biggest stumbling block is determining how hard a punch to throw at Russia.” UKRAINE VOTES TO PURSUE NATO MEMBERSHIP, reports Defense News: “The Ukrainian parliament has voted to restore NATO membership as the country’s strategic foreign policy objective. “The Verkhovna Rada passed a bill ‘to amend the Ukrainian laws on national security and internal and foreign policies. The new laws hereby enact Ukraine’s commitment to achieve NATO membership strategically by having made it legally binding,’ the parliament said in a statement on June 8. “Passed by a majority of 276 MPs out of the 450 elected lawmakers, the bill represents a shift from Ukraine’s previous non-aligned policy.” And Trump publicly commits to NATO’s collective defense after failing to reaffirm U.S. support for the principle last month in Brussels, via POLITICO’s Louis Nelson. REPUBLICANS SHY FROM TRUMP ON COMEY ATTACKS, writes POLITICO’s Kyle Cheney: “If President Donald Trump was hoping congressional Republicans would rally to his side in his effort to discredit former FBI Director James Comey, he’s probably pretty disappointed. “Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) said Trump might bring down his own presidency. Sen. James Lankford (R-Okla.) said Trump’s interactions with Comey were ‘very inappropriate.’ And Sen. Susan Collins (R-Maine) said it’s unclear whether Trump’s actions toward Comey — leading to his abrupt firing on May 9 — amounted to a crime. And Trump won’t rule out firing special counsel Robert Mueller, Trump attorney Jay Sekulow says, via our colleague Victoria Guida. — TRUMP SLINGS INSULTS AT COMEY, via POLITICO’s Rebecca Morin: “President Donald Trump on Sunday called former FBI Director James Comey's disclosure of their conversations ‘cowardly.’ "’I believe the James Comey leaks will be far more prevalent than anyone ever thought possible. Totally illegal? Very 'cowardly!’’ Trump tweeted Sunday morning, though it was unclear what he meant by the use of the word ‘prevalent.’" On Friday, the president had accused Comey of lying under oath, report Rebecca, Kyle, and Nolan D. McCaskill. The comments are just another demonstration that Trump considers himself his own best defender against Comey’s criticism, writes POLITICO’s Matthew Nussbaum. Meanwhile, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer invites Trump to testify before the Senate on his campaign’s alleged ties to Russia, reports Victoria. And Sen. Jack Reed (D-R.I.) says Mueller should depose the president as part of his investigation, Victoria adds. INDUSTRY INTEL — WHY BUY JUST ONE CARRIER? Asks Huntington Ingalls CEO Mike Petters in a POLITICO Pro Q&A with our colleague Jacqueline Klimas: “If the government is serious about cutting costs on the Gerald R. Ford-class aircraft carriers, Huntington Ingalls CEO Mike Petters has some advice: Buy them three at a time. “Costs of the program to build a new aircraft carrier have come in President Donald Trump’s crosshairs, with his admonishment during a speech on the Ford that the country has ‘got to get a good deal.’" — BOEING SQUARES OFF AGAINST BOMBARDIER, writes POLITICO’s Adam Behsudi: “Move over lumber and dairy: There’s a new trade spat that’s ratcheting up tensions between the United States and Canada. And it could put a potentially huge military contract in jeopardy. “U.S. aerospace giant Boeing succeeded Friday in moving ahead with its aircraft trade complaint against Montreal-based Bombardier. Boeing is accusing the Canadian company of selling its new C-Series aircraft to Delta Airlines far below the price of production and is saying that Bombardier benefits from unfair government subsidies from Canada.” TOP DOC — LAWMAKERS PRESS MNUCHIN TO BLOCK ALUMINUM DEAL: As Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross considers whether to recommend restricting imports of steel and aluminum based on national security grounds, a bipartisan group of House lawmakers is urging Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin to block Chinese-owned company Zhongwang USA from buying aluminum manufacturer Aleris Corp. based. “After repeated congressional, industry and workforce concerns that the acquisition of this aluminum company by a Chinese firm would be detrimental to our nation’s security, it has become abundantly clear that CFIUS must reject this transaction,” the lawmakers said in a letter to Mnuchin, referring to the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, an interagency panel led by the Treasury Department. SPEED READ — How Russia targets the U.S. military: POLITICO Magazine — The shove heard round the world – an interview with the prime minister of Montenegro: POLITICO Magazine — The president gives his chief of staff until July 4th to clean up the White House: POLITICO — Mattis quietly keeps his distance from Trump’s most divisive moves: NYT — U.S. cyberweapons used against Iran and North Korea are a disappointment against ISIS: NYT — The Navy commissions a Littoral Combat Ship named for shooting survivor former Rep. Gabrielle Giffords (D-Ariz.): NBC News — Japan seeks to expand its arms deals in with Southeast Asian countries amid growing tensions with China and North Korea: The Associated Press — The Islamic State has long targeted the United Kingdom, even before the pair of recent deadly attacks: NYT — The U.S., Iran and Russia are all vying for control in Syria as the Islamic State is pushed back: NYT — The Pentagon is looking to upgrade its retirement package for senior enlisted troops: Military Times — The Air Force plans to cut three A-10 Warthog squadrons unless it identifies new funding: Defense News — F-35’s at Luke Air Force Base in Arizona are grounded after pilots suffer oxygen deprivation: Air Force Times — Qatar’s capital, Doha, brims with fear, uncertainty and resilience as the crisis in the Arab Gulf intensifies: The Washington Post — Trump almost immediately undercuts Tillerson’s calls on Arab Gulf countries to ease their blockade on Qatar by calling the action “hard but necessary:” The Washington Post — Why foreign aid is critical to U.S. national security: POLITICO Agenda — A multinational naval coalition, including the U.S. Fifth Fleet, plans to step up patrols in the waters around Yemen after several attacks there by pirates: AP — Iran says it has killed the alleged planner of the ISIS attacks on Tehran last week: WSJ — The son of former Libyan dictator Moammar Ghadhafi, Seif al-Islam, is released after more than five years in detention: AP ** A message from Huntington Ingalls Industries: A multi-ship purchase approach for the U.S. Navy’s aircraft carrier fleet will save American taxpayers more than $1.5 billion. This approach supports thousands of jobs in a supply chain of more than 2,000 companies across 46 states. Every carrier serves our country for over 50 years, making them a valuable, long-term investment. Hard Stuff Done Right. Learn more at Huntington Ingalls Industries. ** « View Archives Authors: Gregory Hellman ghellman@politico.com About The Author Gregory Hellman is a Defense Reporter Most Read Morning Defense - POLITICO Archive Thursday, 6/15/17 Wednesday, 6/14/17 Tuesday, 6/13/17 Monday, 6/12/17 Friday, 6/9/17 View the Full Morning Defense Archives » Politico Magazine Brooklyn’s Latest Craze: Making Your Own Electric Grid By Debra Bruno How Congress Failed to Plan for Doomsday By Garrett M. Graff How an Annual Ballgame Has Kept Congress Civil By Ben Strauss Politicize This Tragedy By Jack Shafer More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video Podcasts POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York POLITICO Live Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Jack Shafer On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Skip to content Menu Local News Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Data Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Health Northwest Data Times Watchdog News Obituaries All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Data Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Health Northwest Data Times Watchdog News Obituaries All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Data Log In Subscribe Gene Balk / FYI Guy The rise and dramatic fall of King County’s black homeowners Originally published June 12, 2017 at 6:00 am Updated June 12, 2017 at 12:28 pm The Boeing Boom elevated the Seattle area’s black homeowners. The tech boom? Just the opposite, as the region’s rate of homeownership ranks among the lowest in the country. Share story By Gene Balk / FYI Guy Seattle Times staff columnist Homeownership — it’s the cornerstone of the American dream. In recent years, with prices soaring out of reach, that dream seems more like a nightmare to many would-be Seattle homebuyers. But for black families in King County, it’s old news. The dream of homeownership is one that’s been slipping away for decades. Pacific NW Magazine Central District’s shrinking black community wonders what’s next In 1970, almost half of King County households headed by a black person owned their home, according to census data. The rate of black homeownership here, at 49 percent, was well above the U.S. average of 42 percent. Since then, black homeownership in King County has been on a steady downward spiral, with just 28 percent of black households in the county owning their home — about 13,000 of the nearly 48,000 total households. Homeownership for Latinos has also declined sharply since 1970, but has remained relatively stable for whites and Asians. What’s happened here for black homeowners does not parallel a wider trend. Nationally, 42 percent of black households own their home, the same as in 1970. King County, once well above average for black homeownership, is now far below. While a racial-affordability gap exists in housing markets across the country, it is more extreme here than in most places. It’s a sign of how the postwar Boeing Boom was, in many ways, more beneficial to Seattle’s black community than the current tech boom, says Ron Sims, former deputy secretary of the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, who also served as the King County Executive. “African Americans have not done well in the economy of King County and the Puget Sound, as Boeing has moved jobs elsewhere,” he said. “I’ll be blunt about it: The tech sector has failed to provide open doors and equal pay to African Americans. And they’ve acknowledged it.” According to the most recent census data, less than 2 percent of King County residents who work in tech jobs are black. That’s about 1,500 people. Compare that with the period after World War II, when tens of thousands of blacks moved to this area for high-paying jobs, primarily at Boeing. By the early 1950s, the median income for black households in Seattle was just 1 percent lower than the U.S. median for whites. In the present census data, it’s 48 percent lower.   It’s not that blacks didn’t face obstacles on the path to homeownership in Seattle’s postwar period. There was the insidious practice of redlining by banks, and many city neighborhoods had racial-restrictive covenants. While some of these institutional barriers are gone, the economic barriers that now exist seem even more insurmountable. “You have escalating housing prices in King County,” Sims said, “and, over time, African Americans have not been able to access that market.” Gary Hammon recalls that time when homeownership didn’t seem so out of reach. Hammon, a jazz musician and educator, lives in the Central District house where he grew up, and which he and his brothers inherited. He says his parents bought the house in 1956 or 1957. “My father escaped Jim Crow Texas to find a better life for his family,” Hammon said. They settled in Seattle, where his father worked for the U.S. Postal Service and other jobs, eventually saving enough for a down payment. At that point, there was a network of community members to advise and help him through the process. “It was a big deal,” Hammon said of his father’s home purchase. “He came out here from the rural South. That was his dream, and he fulfilled his dream.” Most Read Stories UW professor got it right on Trump. So why is he being ignored? | Danny Westneat Federal judge rejects Dakota Access Pipeline permits, calls for do-over Boeing plans to shift hundreds of jobs to Arizona Mayor Ed Murray not ruling out write-in campaign, as accuser in sex-abuse lawsuit vows to revive case The fourth-best burger in America — it’s in South Park?Unlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. Stories like the Hammons’ are a lot less common these days. Among the 100 U.S. counties with the largest black populations, King now has the fifth-lowest rate of black homeownership. Three of the counties with lower rates than King are boroughs of New York City, which are also classified as counties: Manhattan, Brooklyn and the Bronx. But in New York City, homeownership rates are low for everybody, not just blacks. Three of four households are renters in the three boroughs. That isn’t the case in King County. While homeownership rates have slipped below the national average in recent years, owners remain in the majority, at 57 percent — more than twice the rate for black households here. Sims says the repercussions are profound for blacks, who are less likely than whites to invest in the stock markets or have other types of assets. “For a lot of African Americans, their home became their wealth gain. So the loss of homeownership is very significant in regards to the overall, long-term wealth and prosperity of a family or a community,” he said. “If you can’t get a house, you can’t gain wealth — that’s just the way it is.” Sims mentions his own home as an example. “I bought a house in 1978,” he said. “I look at our property values in King County now and I go, ‘whoa.’” Gene Balk: gbalk@seattletimes.com. On Twitter @genebalk Previous Story Are you a mega-commuter, traveling 90+ minutes one way? We want to hear from you Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Your Morning Brief will arrive every weekday morning. Back to the story
Canada’s definitive information source for Engineers, Product Designers & OEMs Design Engineering News Products Features Events More DEX Expo Digital Edition E-Newsletter Contacts Advertise E-newsletter Related Topics General Related Industries Aerospace Tagged with Boeing Bombardier CSeries ITC Boeing vs. Bombardier: The fight continues Boeing won the first phase with the ITC voting to continue investigating the Canadian aerospace giant's subsidization of its CSeries jets. 0 June 12, 2017 by Ross Marowits MONTREAL — The U.S. International Trade Commission voted unanimously Friday for the government to continue its investigation into allegations by Boeing that Bombardier’s CSeries jets are being unfairly subsidized. The commission said there is a “reasonable indication” that a U.S. industry is threatened with “material injury” due to the aircraft allegedly being sold in the United States at less than fair value. As a result of the decision, the U.S. Department of Commerce will continue its investigation and disclose its preliminary countervailing duty determination around July 21 and anti-dumping duty decision around Oct. 4. Chicago-based Boeing petitioned the U.S. Commerce Department and the U.S. International Trade Commission earlier this year alleging subsidies given to Bombardier have allowed the Montreal aircraft manufacturer to sell the CSeries planes at well below cost. Canadian Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan has said Boeing is not behaving like a “trusted partner” and the government wants the company to withdraw the complaint. Ottawa has also issued a thinly veiled retaliation threat to scrap the planned purchase of 18 Super Hornet fighter jets from the Boeing. Boeing spokesman Dan Curran said the aerospace giant values Canada as a customer and partner for its commercial and defence businesses. “It’s a relationship that has existed since 1919 and that will continue to thrive long after this commercial trade matter is resolved,” he wrote in an email. “Global trade only works if everyone plays by the same rules of the road, and that’s a principle that ultimately creates the greatest value for Canada, the United States, and our aerospace industry.” Bombardier has rejected the accusations and argued that their CSeries planes never competed with Boeing in a key sale to Delta Airlines. “Today’s preliminary decision was expected given the very low bar for Boeing in this first step of the process,” spokesman Simon Letendre wrote in an email. “Going forward, we are confident that a detailed review and analysis of the facts will demonstrate that Boeing’s claim is without merit.” Last year, the Quebec government invested US$1 billion in exchange for a 49.5 per cent stake in the CSeries. Bombardier also shored up its finances by selling a 30 per cent stake in its railway division to pension fund manager Caisse de depot for US$1.5 billion. Meanwhile, Ottawa provided a $372.5-million loan earlier this year to help support Bombardier’s CSeries and Global 7000 aircraft programs. That’s on top of about $1 billion received in 2008 from Ottawa, Quebec and Britain to develop the CSeries. On the Toronto Stock Exchange, Bombardier’s shares fell more than five per cent, losing 13 cents at $2.42 in afternoon trading. News from © Canadian Press Enterprises Inc. 2016 Share Tweet Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Tags Boeing Bombardier CSeries ITC Related Boeing and Bombardier trade dispute heats up How could Boeing’s attack on Bombardier CSeries affect sales? Could Boeing’s future military contracts with Canada be at risk? Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * E-mail * Website Engineered material for body armour inspired by conch shells Rehabilitation robotic device helps stroke survivors recover Poll What is the most compelling reason to become an engineer? Social status Financial/job stability Societal impact Intellectual/creative challenge Open-ended career paths Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Events Feature Fluid Power 2017 Fluid Power Round Table Canada’s fluid power leaders discuss growth sectors, career opportunities in the field and the Trump administration’s effect on the industry. → More Features → Digital Edition View Digital Edition Subscribe To Print Browse Print Archives Canada’s definitive information source for Mechanical Engineers, Product Designers, and OEMs @design_eng_mag Only one more week until the #Moncton #DEXExpo! Hurry up and register for this FREE one-day table top show: https://t.co/WgDsN2W0oo Follow @design_eng_mag Services Subscribe to Print Subscribe to E-newsletter Advertise Contacts Manufacturing Network Sitemap Copyright Notice Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Annex Business Media × Close REDWIRE Powered by FRASERS REDWIRE is News you can use from Leading Suppliers. Why? Suppliers realize that B2B Buyer behavior has changed and so must they. Fact is buyers are doing a lot more upfront online research as part of their buying process today. Leading Suppliers want to support this buying process with useful facts, insights and newsworthy content – goes well beyond your typical press release or web site content. Suppliers realize that the content cannot just be “self serving” in nature because the content will not engage and be useful to prospective buyers. Post your own REDWIRE News Okay
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH  • Business •  Markets Money Real Estate Legal Corporate News One News Page > Business > Ramos named Boeing senior vice president Ramos named Boeing senior vice president Donald Trump Monday, 12 June 2017 (4 days ago) Boeing on Friday named Jenette Ramos, a 29-year Boeing veteran, as senior vice president of supply chain and operations effective immediately. Ramos, 51, replaces Pat Shanahan, who has been nominated by President Donald Trump to serve as U.S. deputy secretary of defense. Ramos was previously vice president and general manager of the fabrication division at Boeing Commercial Airplanes. She will now oversee Boeing's manufacturing operations and supplier management functions, including implementation… » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Source: Wochit Tech - 4 days ago< > Embed Uber CEO Expected To Take Leave Of Absense 00:32 Uber's Chief Executive Travis Kalanick is expected to take a leave of absence from the ride-hailing company, but a source familiar with the outcome of a Sunday board meeting said no final decision has been made. The source also revealed that Uber's senior vice president Emil Michael will be leaving... Recent related news Boeing promotes executive to replace Trump nominee Pat ShanahanBoeing on Friday named Jenette Ramos, a 29-year Boeing veteran, as senior vice president of supply chain and operations effective immediately. Ramos, 51,... bizjournals 6 days ago - Business Magento Names Aparna Bawa as Senior Vice President and General CounselCAMPBELL, CA--(Marketwired - Jun 7, 2017) - Today Magento Commerce, the worldwide leader in cloud digital commerce innovation, announced the appointment of... Marketwired 1 week ago - Press Releases ABM Announces COO Succession PlanNEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--ABM (NYSE: ABM), a leading provider of facility solutions, today announced that Scott Giacobbe, Senior Vice President and President of... Business Wire 1 week ago - Press Releases Jacqueline Fernandez Joins AerSale As Senior Vice President Materials GroupCORAL GABLES, Fla.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--#aersale--Jacqueline Fernandez joins AerSale as Senior Vice President Materials Group Business Wire 1 week ago - Press Releases LivaNova Appoints Keyna Skeffington as Senior Vice President and General CounselLONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--$LIVN--LivaNova, a market-leading medical technology company, announced the appointment of Keyna Skeffington as senior vice president... Business Wire 4 days ago - Press Releases Halliburton hires CFO from Houston drilling co.Houston-based Halliburton Co. (NYSE: HAL) has named a new CFO to fill the position Mark McCollum vacated more than three months ago. Christopher “Chris”... bizjournals 3 days ago - Business Axcella Appoints Tony Tramontin, Ph.D., as Senior Vice President, Chief Scientific OfficerCAMBRIDGE, Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--#AminoAcid--Axcella announces that Tony Tramontin, Ph.D., has joined the company as Chief Scientific Officer and Senior Vice... Business Wire 2 days ago - Press Releases Williams Appoints Chad Zamarin as Senior Vice President of Corporate Strategic DevelopmentTULSA, Okla.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--The Williams Companies, Inc. (NYSE: WMB) (“Williams”) today announced that Chad Zamarin has been appointed senior vice... Business Wire 2 days ago - Press Releases You Might Like Other recent news in Business FACEBOOK will use AI to block terrorists Breaking: Eurogroup reach agreement on GREECE SPOTIFY hits more than 140 million users WELLS FARGO may be in hot water again (WFC) Boca Raton OFFICE park sold for $60M Jeff Bezos Wants Ideas for Philanthropy, So He Asked TWITTER Nike, KROGER and Nucor skid while Mid-America rises BANK OF JAPAN keeps policy steady, upgrades economic outlook Blimp crashes near U.S. Open at ERIN HILLS: TMJ4 Consumer Products & Retail Winners, Bob Bonder, President/Co-founder and Bryant Goulding, VICE PRESIDENT/Co-founder, Rhinegest Brewery Twitter Facebook Page People Donald Trump Rory McIlroy Barack Obama Ernie Els Mike Pence Current Topics Baseball Game Congressional Baseball ESCAPED GEORGIA Afghanistan Jared Kushner Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories Have We Found The 51st State? Is Netflix About To Kill The Movie Theater For Good? Will Trump Have To Release His Tax Returns? These Lawsuits Reckon So Should The Mummy Have Been Kept Under Wraps? New Tom Cruise Movie Getting Cold Reception Is The Missing Link Between The US And North Korea.. Dennis Rodman? MOVIE REVIEW: Rock Dog Trump vs Comey - What Happens Now? MOVIE REVIEW: The Mummy Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Friday, 16 June 2017 اردو Türkçe العربیة فارسی TASNIM NEWS .com Home All Stories Politics Economy World Defense Nuclear Society/Culture Science Sports Tourism Other Media Photos Cartoons Interview Boeing Seeking Permission from US Treasury for Deal with Iranian Airline News ID: 1434734 Service: Economy June, 12, 2017 - 16:50 TEHRAN (Tasnim) – US aircraft maker Boeing announced that it still does not have a license from the US Treasury for a $3 billion contract with Iran Aseman Airlines, media reports said. Aseman Airlines signed a final purchase agreement with Boeing in Tehran on Saturday for 30 737 Max jets and an option for 30 more, spokesman Amir Reza Mostafavi said, according to the Bloomberg. “Boeing has applied to the US Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control, or OFAC, for a license to see the deal through,” Boeing said in an emailed statement. Aseman Airlines is confident the deal will not face a political backlash in Washington, days after the US Senate voted to advance a bill that could bring new sanctions against the Islamic Republic, according to the report. Aseman signed a memorandum of agreement (MOA) with the US giant to buy 60 airplanes in early April. The delivery of the first purchased airplane to the Aseman Airlines would take place in 2019, according to the airline. On June 7, the US Senate voted to advance a bill that would impose new sanctions on Iran. The vote was 92-7 on a procedural motion to end debate on the Iran sanctions bill, clearing the way for a vote later on the passage of the legislation.   R1016170/P42410/S1193/CT18 Share this story: http://tn.ai/1434734 Related news May, 02, 2017 - 11:21 Iran to Take Delivery of Jets Next Year, Boeing CEO Says All Stories USA Coach Speraw Satisfied with Win over Iran Pentagon to Send Nearly 4,000 More Troops to Afghanistan IRGC Smashes Terrorist Team Southeast of Iran Electricity from Sewage: Process Also Kills Germs FIVB World League: Iran Suffers Defeat against USA Saudi Arabia Certainly Behind Terrorist Attacks in Tehran: Italian Analyst Deaths as Suicide Bomber Hits Shiite Mosque in Kabul Our Sun Could Have Been Born With an Evil Twin Called "Nemesis" Explosion Strikes Kindergarten in Eastern China: Police Germany, UNHCR to Cooperate, Strengthen Support for Iran’s Refugee Policy Iranian Parliament Drafts Motion to Counteract New US Move: MP China Launches Its First X-Ray Space Telescope Spokesman Bashes US State Secretary for Anti-Iran Remarks Putin Says Proposed New Sanctions Result of Internal Politics in US Thousands Rally in Turkish Capital after Opposition Lawmaker Jailed MSV Duisburg Completes Signing of Ex-Iran Keeper Daniel Davari Philippines Says Senior Member of Daesh-Backed Group Arrested Chinese Naval Fleet Docks in Southern Iran for Joint Drill × نمودار تغییر قیمت ارز و طلا تغییر قیمت لحظه نوع (1.66%) 62 3,731 price_dollar (2.15%) 91 4,237 price_eur (-1.55%) -76 4,843 price_gbp (1.57%) 16 1,019 price_aed (-0.09%) -10,000 11,720,000 sekeb (0%) 500 12,000,000 sekee (-0.16%) -10,000 6,340,000 nim (-0.27%) -10,000 3,640,000 rob (0.4%) 10,000 2,470,000 gerami (-0.01%) -120 1,137,360 geram18 (-0.01%) -150 1,516,470 geram24 (-0.01%) -500 4,926,500 mesghal (-0.01%) -10 1,254.50 ons (-0.11%) -100 925.00 platinum -- 16.85 silver (-0.11%) -100 879.00 palladium (0.07%) 3 44.59 oil (0.06%) 3 47.12 oil_brent (0.17%) 8 46.01 oil_opec (0%) 2 79,466 bourse (-1.8%) -20 1,091 price_try (1.05%) 6 569 price_cny -- 34 price_jpy (1.74%) 50 2,868 price_cad (3.48%) 99 2,844 price_aud (-0.72%) -20 2,760 price_nzd (1.87%) 73 3,894 price_chf -- 56 price_afn (1.39%) 6 433 price_sek (2.85%) 16 561 price_dkk (1.59%) 7 441 price_nok (8.16%) 1,000 12,250 price_kwd (4.5%) 45 999 price_sar (6%) 60 1,000 price_qar (9.23%) 900 9,750 price_omr -- 3 price_iqd -- 8 price_syp (22.86%) 16 70 price_inr (5.56%) 2 36 price_pkr (-0.72%) -20 2,760 price_sgd (-2%) -10 490 price_hkd (0.56%) 5 899 price_myr -- 114 price_thb -- 68 price_rub (-0.22%) -5 2,230 price_azn (8.54%) 840 9,840 price_bhd بیشتر بروزرسانی: جمعه ۲۶ خرداد - ۱۱:۳۴ × ثبت نام در خبرنامه خبرگزاری تسنیم برای دریافت خبرنامه آدرس ایمیل شما ضروری می باشد هر زمان که نیاز به ویرایش این اطلاعات داشتید، با وارد کردن ایمیلتان تغییرات را ذخیره کنید در صورتی که تمایل به ادامه اشتراک نداشتید، در ایمیلی که از سوی ما دریافت می کنید، عدم اشتراک را انتخاب کنید پس از ثبت نام، جهت تایید ایمیل/تلفن همراه ، برای شما پیامی ارسال می شود، لطفاً پیام را تایید کنید Name: Email: Mobile: نوع اخبار: اخبار برگزیده خبر فوری پیشنهاد سردبیر پوشش اخبار: کل سایت سرویس/حوزه ای خاص سرویس ها : Politics Economy World Defense Nuclear Society/Culture Science Sports Tourism Other Media Interview بازه زمانی دریافت خبر: هر 12 ساعتهر 24 ساعتهر 48 ساعتهفته ای یکبار Submit About Contact Us Archive Site map Home All Stories Politics Economy World Defense Nuclear Society/Culture Science Sports Tourism Other Media Photos Cartoons Interview TASNIM NEWS .com   All Content by Tasnim News Agency is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License.
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Thomson Reuters Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Thomson Reuters Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Business Development MENA Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East LOGIN REGISTER You are on: MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط السعودية الإمارات Search   Dubai 16 Jun 2017 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology UAE leads MENA private equity investments by value and volume Dubai Economy launches mobile payment service Saudi Arabia's Prince Alwaleed buys stake in Dubai's Careem Top hoteliers eye huge growth potential in Saudi Arabia Dubai tenant alert: No electricity or water services without Ejari Dubai developers ramping up incentives: Pay 10% and move into Nakheel home Deyaar ex-CEO jailed for 25 years after losing appeal in Dubai court Recovery Mode: Dubai’s freehold areas make steady gains Saudi and Bahrain planning new road and rail causeway Nakheel calls for construction bids for Nad Al Sheba Mall Exclusive: Former Drake & Scull CEO sells stake in Dubai contractor Majid Al Futtaim to start construction of mall in Ras Al Khaimah Saudi Arabia launches new water projects worth $1.3bln Saudi Aramco seeks exclusive talks over India oil refinery stake Oil prices struggle on doubts OPEC can rein in oversupply Saudi Arabia's oil exports seen below 7mln bpd in summer: sources, data UAE leads MENA private equity investments by value and volume Taxing times: VAT to boost GCC government revenue Islamic finance industry frets as UAE's Dana Gas deems its sukuk invalid Morgan Stanley CEO says Saudi Arabia could be 'major opportunity' Dana Gas's sukuk holders say firm's offer "repudiation" of English law Saudi Arabia's Sedco Capital launches green investment strategy Islamic finance industry frets as UAE's Dana Gas deems its sukuk invalid Abu Dhabi's Dana Gas gets injunction blocking claims on $700mln sukuk Dubai Economy launches mobile payment service Saudi Arabia's Prince Alwaleed buys stake in Dubai's Careem Dubai's Emirates considers introducing augmented reality aboard Instagram to add label for paid product endorsements Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global One wounded in missile attack on UAE ship off Yemen, SPA reports Gulf states ministers meet to discuss airspace logjam Countries best for pursuing expat careers revealed Protests in northern Morocco swell with calls for royal intervention One wounded in missile attack on UAE ship off Yemen, SPA reports Gulf states ministers meet to discuss airspace logjam Countries best for pursuing expat careers revealed GCC proposes 31% safeguard tariff on some iron and steel imports One wounded in missile attack on UAE ship off Yemen, SPA reports US expands presence in Syrian desert, rebels say Jordan, Kuwait set to boost cooperation US assistance to Jordan amounts to $1.3bln in 2017 Libya smugglers broadcast abuse of African migrants on social media Egyptian economy grows 4.3% in third quarter of 2016/17 Protests in northern Morocco swell with calls for royal intervention Friction likely as Egypt MPs ratify islands deal Countries best for pursuing expat careers revealed US's Trump blasts report on possible obstruction of justice probe Share of working women not improving globally: UN Pakistan's PM appears before panel investigating family wealth Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Oil price fall has mixed impact on Gulf, Doha extends recovery Kuwait skips rate hike as liquidity lets it be flexible UAE firms distributed $7.75bln in cash dividends, bonus shares in 2016 Dana Gas's sukuk holders say firm's offer "repudiation" of English law Oil price fall has mixed impact on Gulf, Doha extends recovery UAE firms distributed $7.75bln in cash dividends, bonus shares in 2016 Saudi banks strong before Fed; Dana Gas volatile Air Berlin sees tough 2017, but targets positive EBIT in 2018 Dollar subdued as Trump probe, weak U.S. data overshadow Fed Egypt central bank says removes foreign currency transfer limit Dollar on tenterhooks as investors await Fed policy clues Sterling steadies as British PM scrambles to unite party Gold gains as stocks fall after report of Trump probe Oil prices struggle on doubts OPEC can rein in oversupply Saudi Arabia's oil exports seen below 7mln bpd in summer: sources, data Gold edges higher, all eyes on Fed Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Workers' midday break in UAE to begin today US's Trump blasts report on possible obstruction of justice probe China censures Emirates airline after two safety incidents - Xinhua Attempt to steal millions from UAE bank foiled Workers' midday break in UAE to begin today US's Trump blasts report on possible obstruction of justice probe Pakistan's PM appears before panel investigating family wealth UAE bans BeIN Sports receivers London Fire: Police commander hopes death toll not in "triple figures" Libya smugglers broadcast abuse of African migrants on social media Attempt to steal millions from UAE bank foiled Defence lawyers walk out of top Bahraini activist trial China censures Emirates airline after two safety incidents - Xinhua Health insurance firms reject 25% of Saudi claims as 'fraudulent' India antitrust watchdog imposes $13.6mln fine on Hyundai Motor's local unit Gas stations in Makkah, Jeddah shut down for diluting petrol Workers' midday break in UAE to begin today Top 3 complaints Dubai residents make about their neighbours How safe are Oman's nurseries for our children? Housewives avoid recruitment hassle by hiring illegal maids Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports London Fire: Police commander hopes death toll not in "triple figures" India cruise past Bangladesh to set up final with Pakistan Share of working women not improving globally: UN Top 3 complaints Dubai residents make about their neighbours Irregular sleep tied to worse grades Science may be able to provide sunless tans UAE's FNC member calls for stricter control over cement, petrochemical factories Syrian doctors plead for help, fearing the world is "bored" with their conflict Abu Dhabi approves fee hikes for 24 private schools How safe are Oman's nurseries for our children? Shop, Spin & Win: Dubai shoppers have a chance to go home with big prizes UAE announces Eid al-Fitr holiday Heavy Metal - the first 3D-printed aluminium guitar 5.7mln Umrah pilgrims so far this year Etihad Airways to drop San Francisco route from October Careem set to launch in Palestine Supreme Court gives Trump more time to file travel ban briefs Bob Dylan accused of borrowing some of Nobel lecture from study guide Deepika Padukone to act in another Hollywood film Sean Combs ousts Taylor Swift as highest-paid global entertainer Spanish prosecutor files tax fraud lawsuit against Cristiano Ronaldo India cruise past Bangladesh to set up final with Pakistan UAE bans BeIN Sports receivers Cricket-Ruthless Pakistan overwhelm shell-shocked England Tennis-Haas cuts Federer comeback short in Stuttgart Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Article aviation Ethiopian airlines continued fleet expansion 12 June, 2017 Facilitates humanitarian aid & gains global recognition 12 June 2017 Africa’s largest airline group, Ethiopian Airlines, is delighted to announce that it has won the African Aviation ‘African Airline of the Year’ Award for 2017, for the second year in a row, during the 26th Annual Air Finance Africa Conference & Exhibition held in Johannesburg, South Africa.  The award was presented to Ethiopian in recognition of its continued rapid growth, increased profitability and its outstanding contribution to aviation development in Africa. Just this week the airline utilized the delivery of yet another B787 aircraft from Boeing to facilitate the delivery of 6.5 tons of humanitarian aid to Ethiopia.  Currently, Ethiopian has 18 B787 in operation, deployed on its long-haul passenger routes, and will receive the 19th by the end of this month, this time utilizing the delivery flight to ferry medical equipment and supplies for St. Paul’s Hospital, Addis. Group CEO Ethiopian Airlines, Mr. Tewolde GebreMariam, said; “For us, fulfilling our corporate social responsibility is as important as our focus on pure business performance. This round of our humanitarian delivery is a continuation of our commendable collaboration with Boeing that has served as a source of vital service for our community and neighbouring countries. Pursuant to our fleet modernization plan and to further meet the ever-growing demand of our customers, we are in the process of modernizing and expanding our fleet, networks and facilities. Hence, this move will further ensure unmatched combination of operational flexibility, efficiency, and passenger comfort that will allow Ethiopian to achieve its goal to be the leading Aviation Group in Africa and a leading global airline.” Current Fleet Summary Advertisement -Ends-  About Ethiopian Ethiopian Airlines (Ethiopian) is the fastest growing Airline in Africa. In its seven decades of operation, Ethiopian has become one of the continent’s leading carriers, unrivalled in efficiency and operational success. Ethiopian commands the lion’s share of the pan-African passenger and cargo network operating the youngest and most modern fleet to more than 95 international destinations across five continents. Ethiopian fleet includes ultra-modern and environmentally friendly aircraft such as Airbus A350, Boeing 787, Boeing 777-300ER, Boeing 777-200LR, Boeing 777-200 Freighter, Bombardier Q-400 double cabin with an average fleet age of five years. In fact, Ethiopian is the first airline in Africa to own and operate these aircraft. Ethiopian is currently implementing a 15-year strategic plan called Vision 2025 that will see it become the leading aviation group in Africa with seven business centers: Ethiopian Domestic and Regional Airline; Ethiopian International Passenger Airline; Ethiopian Cargo; Ethiopian MRO; Ethiopian Aviation Academy; Ethiopian In-flight Catering Services; and Ethiopian Ground Service. Ethiopian is a multi-award-winning airline registering an average growth of 25% in the past seven years. For more information about this press release, please contact: Julie Hedley or Anita Powell at Small World Marketing e: info@smallworldmarketing.co.uk   t: 0845 634 1460 www.ethiopianairlines.com www.facebook.com/ethiopianairlines www.twitter.com/flyethiopian © Press Release 2017 © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. More from: global Advertisement Most Popular In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Al Tamimi & Company announces promotion of six lawyers to the partnership 2 days ago Qatar's Sidra appoints Professor Khalid Hussain as Program Director for Research in Children's Services 2 days ago Balbir Dhillon is named Sales Director of Audi Middle East 2 days ago NES smart grid announces Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer appointments 2 days ago  from Orient Planet UAE's Tanfeeth appoints Maryam Bahlooq as CEO 13 Jun 2017 UAE's KBBO Group's regional growth continues with the appointments of Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officers KBBO appoints Yazen Abu Gulal as Chief Executive Officer and Sunil Singh as Chief Financial Officer. 13 Jun 2017 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2017 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Statement. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
Finance Search Search WMPWThe World’s Most Powerful Women: June 15 TakataFacing Billions in Liabilities for Air Bag Defects, Takata ‘Prepares to Declare Bankruptcy’ aviationAn American Airlines Passenger Says a Runaway Beverage Cart Caused His Brain Injury Foreign PolicyTrump’s New Cuba Policy Is Expected to Partly Rollback Travel and Business Links Relaxed under Obama Fortune 500 5 Best Defense Stocks to Buy Now Jen Wieczner Jun 12, 2017 As hawkish as he was as a presidential candidate—advocating, for example, that the U.S. “bomb the hell out of ISIS”—as Commander-in-Chief, Donald Trump has sent some mixed signals to the aerospace and defense industry. Investors remember, in particular, a stretch in December, when the President-elect’s breakfast routine apparently included lobbing Twitter attacks at America’s biggest government contractors. There was the day he targeted Boeing (ba) with a tersely tweeted missive to “Cancel order!” for a new Air Force One, shaving 1% off the planemaker’s stock. A week later, he similarly fired away at Lockheed Martin’s F-35 fighter jet program, whose costs, Trump tweeted, were “out of control.” Lockheed stock swooned as much as 4% that morning, then another 2% just before Christmas when Trump threatened to revoke its contract—and hire Boeing to build a jet instead. “There is a lot of noise, and the noise is going both directions,” says Dan Denbow, senior portfolio manager for USAA. Related Fortune 500Walmart May Beat Amazon’s Sales Growth in Back-to-School Season Fortune 500 Walmart May Beat Amazon’s Sales Growth in Back-to-School Season Indeed, since taking office, Trump has become a powerful ally of the Boeings, Lockheeds, and Northrop Grummans (noc) of America, contractors that are also among the largest U.S. manufacturers and biggest taxpayers. Bumps aside, Boeing has seen its stock rise 31% since the presidential election. The S&P 500 aerospace and defense index is up more than 21% over the same span, nearly double the returns of the broader market. Now investors believe that Trump could be the best thing to happen to the sector in years, with the Commander-in-Chief promising “historic” increases in U.S. defense spending (which has declined 17%, to $585 billion, since its peak in 2011) and an enormous expansion of the U.S. Navy to 350 ships, up from the current 275. “We’re in the early innings of a defense up cycle,” says Jason Adams, an aerospace and defense analyst at T. Rowe Price, who has recently been making the rounds to clients explaining why the asset manager is currently overweight in the stocks. After all, companies that make airplanes and armaments for the U.S. and other governments—not to mention passenger jets, the safest mode of transportation for civilian travel today—have a proven ability to survive even unsympathetic Presidents and recessions, in peacetime as well as war. In fact, on this year’s Fortune 500, of the 54 companies that have made the list every year since its launch in 1955, eight are in the aerospace and defense industry. A handful of others are industrials that contribute engines and other parts for both military and commercial planes. Nicolas Rapp  Military contractors, employing multitudes of engineers and, yes, rocket scientists, are also something of a stealth center of American innovation, responsible for breakthroughs in everything from autopilot (now the foundation for self-­driving cars) to fiber-optic networks (being used by Google (googl) and others to provide ultrafast Internet) and semiconductors. “The things that we as consumers today just take for granted were pioneered by these companies,” says James Cross, vice president, research analyst, and portfolio manager with Franklin Equity Group. “These companies classified as old-world metal benders are also on the leading edge of a whole host of technology.” Of course, those advances have largely been driven by necessity, and the bull case for defense stocks is partly based on the fact that the world has become a scarier place than many of us believed just a few years ago. Since 2013, Russia has invaded Crimea, putting much of Eastern Europe on alert; North Korea has persisted in testing its slowly improving missiles; ISIS and its followers have made mass terrorist attacks an all-too-regular occurrence; and cyberattacks have emerged as a formidable danger, from the WannaCry ransomware that crippled businesses worldwide to the revelation that foreign hackers likely interfered in the U.S. election. “The threat environment has become more complex, and the list of worry items has lengthened,” says Cross. Increased U.S. military spending should boost defense contractors like Lockheed Martin, maker of the F-35 fighter jet; Raytheon, whose missile product line includes the Tomahawk Block IV (above); and Boeing, whose Chinook helicopter is crucial to moving troops and artillery in combat zones. Courtesy of Raytheon  RAYTHEON (RTN, $163) (rtn) One company addressing those threats on multiple fronts is Raytheon (No. 116 on this year’s 500 list), the defense company that also invented the microwave oven shortly after World War II. When Trump ordered a strike on Syria in April in response to the Assad regime’s chemical attacks, the U.S. military used 59 of Raytheon’s Tomahawk missiles to carry it out—and promptly placed another order. Investors like Raytheon because it’s a provider of high-tech weapons systems that can be guided to long-distance targets by computers while keeping U.S. soldiers out of harm’s way—an approach the military is increasingly shifting to for the future. “What’s the point if you’re dropping dumb bombs off a great new aircraft?” says Cross, who manages the Franklin Small-Mid Cap Growth fund. “You need both.” Raytheon is likely to be a major beneficiary of the nearly $110 billion arms deal Trump signed in May with Saudi Arabia. Already on track to grow earnings at a clip of 10%-plus through at least 2019, Raytheon is also enjoying international demand from other countries, such as Poland, where a deal worth as much as $7.6 billion is currently pending. Raytheon benefits from its focus on perennial staples of modern warfare. “They don’t make ships. They don’t make planes. They don’t make tanks. They don’t make submarines. They make missiles,” says Chuck Harris, director of research at ClearBridge, which is a major owner of Raytheon stock. At the same time, its wide range of products, which includes cybersecurity technology, makes its revenue more stable. Its more than 8,000 contracts mean it’s less dependent on any one program than the typical defense company. Raytheon stock, trading a little under 22 times estimated earnings for the next 12 months, is not cheap, but Harris thinks the valuation will be justified by accelerating growth in the next few years. “Unfortunately, we believe the threat is high enough that spending for their product is going to continue to increase,” he says. BOOZ ALLEN HAMILTON (BAH, $39) (bah) When the U.S. government gets nervous about getting hacked, its first call is often to Booz Allen Hamilton (No. 481). “This is the preeminent cybersecurity franchise in the government-­contracting industry,” says Adams. Rather than selling the software itself, “Booz Allen Hamilton sells you the best systems engineers in the world,” he adds. And yet Booz Allen, which grew revenue 11% last quarter, trades at 21 times estimated earnings, far lower than Silicon Valley cyber stocks like Palo Alto Networks, which has a forward price-to-earnings ratio of 45. “This is an entire new category of defense investing,” adds Cross. Lockheed Martin, F-35 fighter jet. Andy Wolfe/Lockheed Martin  LOCKHEED MARTIN (LMT, $284) (lmt) The defense giant behind the F-35, Lockheed Martin (No. 56) has reached a truce with President Trump (in part by pledging to bring 1,800 new jobs to Texas) and is moving ahead with the next-generation fighter jet. The one-seater plane is packed with enough sophisticated technology to make it a mission control center in and of itself, from reconnaissance sensors to radar-evading technology that allows it to sneak up on enemies undetected. Lockheed offers “incredible amounts of technological ability that we don’t think Wall Street always understands,” says Cross. Lockheed already has buyers lined up for the fighter in the U.S. Air Force, Navy, and Marines, plus at least 10 other countries; Saudi Arabia is also expected to order some F-35s. “That’s still very early days, so that’ll have a good tailwind, pardon the pun, for Lockheed as that program rolls out,” says Denbow, who believes the company’s costs will also come down the more F-35s it makes, as production becomes more efficient. By 2018, Denbow thinks, Lockheed’s earnings will accelerate to a yearly growth rate of 10% or more for years to come, perhaps giving it room to further boost its dividend, which has grown at least 10% annually for the past 14 years, and currently yields 2.6%. Boeing, Chinook helicopter. Courtesy of Boeing  BOEING (BA, $187) (ba) The kind of technology found on F-35s is also landing on commercial flights, creating what investors are calling the “connected plane,” the way Internet-of-things gadgets have given rise to the “smart” home. Boeing (No. 24), whose latest planes generate 10 times as much data as its previous models and can also be equipped with high-speed Wi-Fi, is now selling services to airline customers to harness that information to make maintenance and air-conditioning more efficient. The company has racked up a “tremendous” backlog for its newest 737 MAX and other planes, says ClearBridge’s Harris, setting it up to boost earnings and profit margins through 2021 and beyond. “It’s a nice equation for ­success for the next several years,” he says. Boeing also makes transport helicopters and fighter jets, ­programs that are in line to get a piece of Trump’s $52 billion proposed budget increase for the military. HONEYWELL (HON, $133) (hon) Though it’s more of a diversified industrial company than others on this list, Honeywell (No. 73) claims to have made something for every commercial, military, or space aircraft flying today. The company has also sent its “smart” wireless tech 51,000 feet up: Its touch screens can be found on planes in both the cockpit (supplying real-time weather updates and 3D maps) and cabin (offering on-demand movies). “We’re in the very early stages of exploring that opportunity set,” Adams says. If investors are right, such stocks are ready for takeoff. A version of this article appears in the June 15, 2017 issue of Fortune with the headline "Defending Your Portfolio." Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Jump directly to the content News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Bingo Sun Gifts £9.50 Hols Superdays News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz News Living Money Motors Travel Tech Sun Bets Sun Bingo All News All News UK News World News Politics Opinion FLIGHT OF FANCY? Boeing is planning PILOTLESS passenger jets… but would YOU put your life in the hands of a computer? The terrifying development would mean computers using artificial intelligence are responsible for making life-or-death decisions By Corey Charlton 12th June 2017, 12:21 pm Updated: 12th June 2017, 12:22 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments PLANE manufacturer Boeing has begun researching how to create PILOTLESS passenger jets – and is set to begin testing as early as next year. The terrifying development would mean computers are in total control of the jets and responsible for making life-or-death decisions. Alamy 4 Boeing is planning tests next year for pilotless passenger jets. File image used The research would mark the next terrifying development in driverless technology with most major car manufacturers, as well as newer companies such has Uber and Tesla, already close to rolling out automated designs. Mike Sinnett, Boeing’s vice president in charge of future technologies, admitted to The Seattle Times that the development still had to meet the safety benchmark. He said: “There’s going to be a transition from the requirement to have a skilled aviator operate the air plane to having a system that operates the vehicle autonomously – if we can do that with the same level of safety. That’s a really big if. MOST READ IN NEWS 'How many children died?' Sadiq Khan confronted by seven-year-old boy as furious locals demand answers about who's to blame for Grenfell Tower blaze LIAR HIGH CLUB Man filmed romping with woman in front of passengers on Ryanair flight was 'cheating on his pregnant fiancée who was waiting at home' 'turning on taps saved us' Family made miraculous escape from tower block after mum used bath to flood flat 'EGGED ON BY LADS' Pal says 'strait-laced' Ryanair romp mum 'gave stranger lapdance because his pals said he was sad to leave his pregnant fiancee at home' hero of grenfell tower Brave man catches four-year-old girl thrown by mum from the 5th floor seconds before flat was engulfed in flames 'i knew so many of the dead' Owner of Grenfell Tower flat where fire started tells of agony with fears  death toll will pass 100 “We are not smart enough to pre-program all those things. The machine has to be capable of making the same set of decisions. If it can’t, we cannot go there.” However, Sinnett claims the basic technology required for pilotless planes is already in place. An example of this is seen when pilots put passenger jets in cruise control mode during long haul flights, or when they allow jets to perform automatic landings. But incidents such as the Miracle on the Hudson, made recently into the Hollywood film Sully starring Tom Hanks, raise questions about whether technology is up to the task. The US Airways flight lost all its engines minutes after taking off from New York City when it struck a flock of geese in January 2009. Within two minutes, hero pilot Chesley Sullenberger had assessed the damage and its implications, then decided his only option was to crash land in the Hudson River. Four minutes they initially lost power, he guided the jet into the water and evacuated everybody on board without any loss of life. Reuters 4 The so-called Miracle on the Hudson crash is an example of life-saving human decision making that would be extremely hard to re-create with computers EPA 4 Pilot Chesley Sullenberger was left with no choice but to crash land in the Hudson River – saving the lives of all 155 people on board Warner Bros 4 His heroics that day were recently made into a Hollywood film starring Tom Hanks We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368.   The Sun Topics Plane crashes and air disasters Travellers Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Popular 'How many children died?' Sadiq Khan confronted by seven-year-old boy as furious locals demand answers about who's to blame for Grenfell Tower blaze News WATER MESS Justin Bieber's ex Sahara Ray suffers awkward wardrobe malfunction as her bikini top falls down TV & Showbiz alv-way there Man United 'reach agreement' with Alvaro Morata over move — and will start haggling with Real Madrid over £70million price tag today Football Spoiler ROYAL JELLY Prince Harry’s ex Camilla Thurlow twerks to compete for affections of new hunk on Love Island... before girls squat to pop balloons in 'Battle of the Booties' TV & Showbiz Gossip Roud offer Arsenal set to offer second world-record £100m-plus bid AND Olivier Giroud for Monaco's Kylian Mbappe Football Exclusive LIAR HIGH CLUB Man filmed romping with woman in front of passengers on Ryanair flight was 'cheating on his pregnant fiancée who was waiting at home' News Style it out Chrissy Teigan refuses to have 'doggy style' sex with John Legend after she discovers dirty secret TV & Showbiz 'turning on taps saved us' Family made miraculous escape from tower block after mum used bath to flood flat News Exclusive 'EGGED ON BY LADS' Pal says 'strait-laced' Ryanair romp mum 'gave stranger lapdance because his pals said he was sad to leave his pregnant fiancee at home' News Exclusive hero of grenfell tower Brave man catches four-year-old girl thrown by mum from the 5th floor seconds before flat was engulfed in flames News PATERNITY TEST KLAXON Big Brother fans are convinced Joe Quaranta is Pete Wicks’ DAD TV & Showbiz Exclusive 'i knew so many of the dead' Owner of Grenfell Tower flat where fire started tells of agony with fears  death toll will pass 100 News 'Shame on you' Katie Price is trolled for showing off her new hair on day of London tower block fire TV & Showbiz Exclusive Mor Blimey Real Madrid superstar Alvaro Morata could cost Manchester United a staggering £180m this summer Football Exclusive star's happy family secret BBC sports presenter Gabby Logan lets 11- year-old twins be gender fluid at home TV & Showbiz Just Published KIM WAS BEHIND NHS HACK NHS cyber attack 'was carried out by North Korea with same cyber-hackers who targeted Sony in 2014' News FIRE VICTIMS How many people have died in the London fire? What to do if someone is missing and what we know so far News BUILDING BOSSES Who owns Grenfell Tower, who are KCTMO and what other properties do they run? News TOWER BLOCK BLAZE Where is Grenfell Tower, what happened in the London fire and what are the latest travel updates? News 'I LOVE YOU MUM' Italian couple's heartbreaking final phone call as fire crept into their home on 23rd floor - as hopes fade for Grenfell Tower missing News Comment the sun says Grenfell fire is inexcusable, and fury over failures is justified — but blaming 'Tory cuts' is facile News Comment PRUE LEITH There is no magical diet - the only way to lose weight is to simply eat less News NATION BASKS IN SUNSHINE Brits flock to parks and beaches as weather hots up across the country during mini-heatwave News Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here.
Middle-east Arab News Opinion | Asharq Al-awsat Boeing: Gulf States Are International Central Point for Air Transportation - ASHARQ AL-AWSAT English English edition of Asharq Al-Awsat - the world’s premier pan-Arab daily. News, Politics, Middle-East, Saudi Arabia, Oponion, and Lots more... ENGLISH EDITION OF ASHARQ AL-AWSAT فارسي FA عربی AR اردو UR Middle East Middle East Putin Planning to ‘Bolster’ Syrian Regime Forces, Sees No Solution without US International Community Supports Gulf Solution to ‘Qatari Role’ Crisis Sudan: Ambiguity Surrounds Fate of Presidential Offices’ Director Crown Prince Conveys King’s Condolences to Family of Martyr Major Tareq Alaqi Custodian of Two Holy Mosques Receives Phone Call from British PM Iraq’s Popular Mobilization Forces Cross into Syria with Heavy Weapons World World US Senate Punishes Russia, Iran with More Sanctions ISIS Hardliners Seize Control over Former Bin Laden Hideout China Nursery Blast: Seven dead, 59 Injured in Jiangsu ISIS Claims It Has Captured Afghanistan’s Tora Bora Caves Trump Blasts Media Report on Obstruction of Justice Death Toll in London Tower Block Fire Rises as PM Orders Public Inquiry Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabia, Egypt Condemn Mogadishu Terror Attack France Mediates In Qatari Crisis Palestinian Chief of Intelligence: We Stand by Saudi Arabia, Refuse Iranian Projects Saudi, UAE, Egypt, Bahrain Diplomats Meet with Tunisia’s Foreign Minister King Salman to Receive Iraqi PM Wednesday in Jeddah King Salman Center Delivers Food Aid in Taiz | Opinion Opinion Iran: The Mullahs’ Discomfort With Persian Language Is Radicalism Possible Today? The EU Won’t Help a Weakened Theresa May UK: Two Failed Gambles Within Two Years ‘Starving The Beast’ Starts in Qatar Britain Will Pay for Theresa May’s Election Gamble Features Features US Cyberweapons Are a Disappointment Against ISIS After fleeing Raqqa, Indonesians Speak of their Journey to the Land of ISIS Gaza Faces Mounting Frustration as Hamas Marks a Decade of Independent Policy Paris Preparing ‘New Initiative’ on Syria Haqqani Network Denies Role in Latest Terror Attacks on Afghanistan Why Terror Suspects in Europe Slip Through Security Cracks Lifestyle Book Reviews A Rainbow That Makes the Heart Leap Aleppo: A City That Refuses to Die The Crossing Between the Ayatollah and the Marquis Fashion ‘Net-a-Porter’ Cooperates with Five International Designers to Serve Arab Woman The New Markets Enjoy Decent Fashion Designs Fashion, Politics to Dedicate 2017 to Women Out of Fashion: How Men Could Fall off the Catwalk Sports Ernesto Valverde Ready to Be the Resurrection at Barcelona Borrowed Time: Premier League Loanees Who May Make a Top-Flight Impact Next Season Kylian Mbappé in Poll Position as France Urges Change after World Cup Loss Riyad Mahrez: A Creative, Mooching Trend-bucker English Football Should Cherish Entertainment Producer Jamal El Adl: Sherihan Will Make a Comeback with Major Show Coming to Video Games Near You: Depressed Towns, Dead-End Characters The End of In-Flight Entertainment? Arab Film Institute (AFI) Launched during DIFF 2016 Business Boeing: Gulf States Are International Central Point for Air Transportation Sabri Najeh4 days agoJune 12, 2017 223 Boeing Co's logo is seen above the front doors of its largest jetliner factory in Everett, Washington, U.S. January 13, 2017. REUTERS/Alwyn Scott Putin Planning to ‘Bolster’ Syrian Regime Forces, Sees No Solution without US - International Community Supports Gulf Solution to ‘Qatari Role’ Crisis - Sudan: Ambiguity Surrounds Fate of Presidential Offices’ Director - Crown Prince Conveys King’s Condolences to Family of Martyr Major Tareq Alaqi - Iran: The Mullahs’ Discomfort With Persian Language - Custodian of Two Holy Mosques Receives Phone Call from British PM - Iraq’s Popular Mobilization Forces Cross into Syria with Heavy Weapons - Brussels Hosts First “Olympics for Seniors” - 'Beirut Cultural Festivals' Features Biggest Lebanese Animated Movie - UN Urges Greater Support for Efforts to Combat Cholera in Yemen Cairo – The Gulf area is an important hub for all airliners, said an official at the American multinational corporation for airplane manufacturing Boeing. Bernard Dunn, President of Boeing Middle East, North America, and Turkey, said that his company is sure to meet the area’s needs of designing, manufacturing, and maintaining in the aviation sector. Dunn told journalists in Cairo, Egypt, that the Gulf is pivotal in air navigation, however, he hoped that with the new headquarters in the city, the company would be able to expand in the region. Dunn said that while Egypt focused on local transportation and the internal market, Gulf States have become an international central point for air transportation. Boeing had been in the Middle East for over 70 years when US President Franklin Roosevelt offered in 1945 Saudi King Abdulaziz Al Saud a Douglas DC3 Dakota plane. Gulf airlines are accused by US and EU counterparts of receiving governmental support of $40 billion, reducing competition chances. Gulf airlines denied those allegations especially in light of the Open Skies agreement between the European Union and the United States. The agreement allows any airline to fly between any point in EU and US. World Trade Organization (WTO) said on Friday the United States had failed to remove aid for Boeing, as alleged in a trade complaint filed by the European Union. WTO found that one US subsidy program, a business tax rate reduction in the state of Washington, where Boeing builds most of its aircraft, had “adverse effects”, involving customers from the United Arab Emirates, Canada, and Iceland. The program reduced about $325 million between 2013-2015. Dunn said the company made offers to Egypt Air which recently announced a global tender for the supply of new aircraft as part of its fleet development plan. Airbus could move production of new aircraft models out of Britain if the European planemaker’s “non-negotiable” demands over the free movement of people and trade tariffs are not delivered in upcoming Brexit talks, according to the Sunday Times. Chief operating officer of Airbus Fabrice Bregier said a deal must allow its staff from all over the world to enter Britain easily and ensure certain regulatory standards are maintained. Otherwise, he said, Britain would risk losing Airbus production in the future. “For new productions, it’s very easy to have a new plant somewhere in the world. We would have plenty of offers to do that,” Bregier said, according to the newspaper, adding: “We want to stay in the UK, provided the conditions to work in an integrated organization are met.” Airbus Chief Executive Tom Enders said on Thursday that a “hard Brexit” where trade tariffs between the UK and the European Union were imposed could potentially impact the competitiveness of the firm’s activities in Britain. Airbus employs over 10,000 people across two plants in Britain, according to the company’s website. Sabri Najeh More Posts Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Related AirbusBoeingGulf Previous ArticleSana’a: Three Stops Showing Houthi Enmity towards UN Envoy Ould CheikhNext ArticlePutin Critic Navalny Arrested Minutes before Mass Moscow Rally What’s Trending Amaq – 24/7 News Agency Run by ISIS 46840 Saudi Sources: the Ultimate Solution in Yemen will Put an End to the Militias 34287 Crown Prince Patronizes Deluge 6 Exercise 29592 Air Strikes Target al Qaeda in Yemen, Troops Capture Aden District 28279 10,000 More Syrian Refugees to Be Taken in by Canada 27728 Join our social media 264kFans 126kFollowers 281Followers Subscribe to News Asharq Al-awsat Newsletter Email address PRINT SUBSCRIPTIONS DISTRIBUTION ADVERTISING TERMS & CONDITIONS PRIVACY STATEMENT ABOUT US SUBMISSIONS © Copyright 2016 Asharq Al Awsat - Sub Division of SRPC - Site Last updated June 16, 2017 7:56 am Middle East Opinion Saudi Arabia Features World Lifestyle This website uses cookies to improve your experience. Click to continue Accept Privacy & Cookies Policy Subscribe to News Asharq Al-awast English Newsletter Email address
r google-plus facebook twitter linkedin2 nujij P P M G W Monitor Nieuwsbrief pdclogo Afstudeer hoed man met tas twitter Zoeken | Hoofdmenu | Inhoud Home | Over deze site | Site-map | Tips | Reageer Zoek: Menu Praktisch Europa Mobiel bellen/internetten in EU Ziekte en gezondheid Voordelen één markt Recht en rechtspraak Kopen en huren Reizen Wonen Werken Studeren Ondernemen Cultuur en plezier Subsidies 2014-2020 Europa in de wereld Europa in cijfers Europese landen Relatie van EU met andere landen De toekomst van Europa Wereldspelers Wereldspelers Navo Raad van Europa Verenigde Naties Algemene Vergadering Veiligheidsraad Wereld Handels Organisatie Nederland en Europa Hoe denken wij over Europa? Europa in de verkiezingsprogramma's Voor- en nadelen van Europa Voor- en nadelen van Europa Nederlandse afdrachten aan de EU, subsidies en naheffingen Subsidies voor Nederland Profijt interne markt Behandelvoorbehoud Nederlandse Europarlemen­tariërs Lesideeën Europese Unie Hot Issues Goedkoper internetten en bellen Brexit Migrantenstroom Europees Openbaar Ministerie Erasmus+ Defensiebeleid Antiterrorismebeleid EU Klimaatverandering Relatie EU-China Associatieverdrag EU-Oekraïne Griekse crisis Duitse tolplannen Hongaarse democratie onder druk Toekomst Europese Unie Sociale Pijler EU Goedkoper mobiel bellen Schengen onder druk Relatie EU-Turkije TTIP: handelsverdrag EU-VS Relatie EU-Rusland Energie-unie Handelsverdrag EU-Canada Relatie EU-VS Maltees voorzitterschap Europese bankenunie Aanpak belastingontwijking Digitale interne markt Overzicht hot issues Beleid en toekomst Buitenland Antiterrorismebeleid Asiel- en migratiebeleid Buitenlands Beleid Buurlanden Defensie Douane Humanitaire hulp Mensenrechten Ontwikkelingshulp Schengen- en visabeleid Uitbreiding EU Cultuur en onderwijs Audiovisueel en mediabeleid Cultuur Informatiemaatschappij Onderwijs- en jeugdbeleid Onderzoeks- en innovatiebeleid Economie en geld Begroting Europese Unie Concurrentiebeleid Coördinatie nationale economieën Douane Economisch en monetair beleid Energiebeleid Euro Fiscaal beleid Fraudebestrijding Handel Informatiemaatschappij Interne markt Ondernemingen- en industriebeleid Onderzoeks- en innovatiebeleid Regionaal beleid Telecommunicatie Vervoer Gezondheid en sociale zaken Consumentenrechten Voedselveiligheid Volksgezondheid Werkgelegenheids- en sociaal beleid Landbouw en milieu Energiebeleid Landbouw Milieu Visserij Recht en veiligheid Antiterrorismebeleid Asiel- en migratiebeleid Consumentenrechten Criminaliteit Defensie Fraudebestrijding Justitie, vrijheid en veiligheid Mensenrechten Rechtspraak Schengen- en visabeleid Institutioneel beleid Wie doet wat Europese Unie Europees Parlement Europees Parlement Europarlementariërs parlementaire commissies fracties EVP/ED Europese Volkspartij en Europese Democraten S & D Progressieve Alliantie van Socialisten en Democraten ECR Europese Conservatieven en Hervormers ALDE Alliantie van Europese Liberalen en Democraten Europees Unitair Links/Noords Groen Links EVA Groenen/Europese Vrije Alliantie EFD Europa van Vrijheid en Directe Democratie ENF Europa van Naties en Vrijheden Raad van Ministers Raad van Ministers Raad Algemene Zaken Raad Buitenlandse Zaken Raad Concurrentievermogen Raad Economische en Financiële zaken Raad Justitie en Binnenlandse Zaken Raad Landbouw en Visserij Raad Milieu Raad Onderwijs, Jeugdzaken, Cultuur en Sport Raad Vervoer, Telecommunicatie en Energie Raad Werkgelegenheid, Sociaal Beleid, Volksgezondheid en Consumentenzaken Eurogroep Comité van Permanente Vertegenwoordigers Europese Raad Europese Raad Vaste voorzitter Voorzitterschap Europese Commissie Europese Commissie Directoraten-Generaal en diensten Eurocommissarissen Europese Hof van Justitie Europese Rekenkamer Europese Ombudsman Europese Centrale Bank Economisch en Sociaal Comité Comité van de Regio's Europese agentschappen Lidstaten In het kort België t/m Luxemburg België Bulgarije Cyprus Denemarken Duitsland Estland Engeland Finland Frankrijk Griekenland Hongarije Ierland Italie Kroatië Letland Litouwen Luxemburg Malta t/m Zweden Malta Nederland Oostenrijk Polen Portugal Roemenië Slovenië Slowakije Spanje Tsjechië Verenigd Koninkrijk Zweden Kandidaat-lidstaten Macedonië Turkije Montenegro Servië Potentiële kandidaat-lidstaten Albanië Bosnië-Herzegovina Kosovo Wat komt eraan Agenda Europa Nieuws Europa Groenboeken Witboeken Richtlijnen Laatste nieuws:  Dijksma: compenseer IPCC na vertrek VS EU secures another important win in the WTO Boeing Dispute - Hoofdinhoud Met dank overgenomen van Europese Commissie (EC), gepubliceerd op vrijdag 9 juni 2017. The WTO ruling confirms that the United States has taken no appropriate action to comply with its obligation to withdraw subsidies declared illegal by the WTO's Appellate Body in 2012, or to remove their adverse effects. Today's ruling backs the EU position, finding that the US has not only failed to remove the existing subsidies but has extended them and added significant new distorting subsidies, including incentives from South Carolina and a US Federal Aviation Administration R&D programme. The panel also found that US subsidies to Boeing continue to cause severe damage to Airbus in lost sales and market opportunities. ‘Today's ruling is another victory for the EU, its industry and EU workers in this strategic sector. The panel agrees that the US has simply ignored existing WTO rulings and has continued to subsidise Boeing,' said EU Trade Commissioner Cecilia Malmström. ‘We will continue to firmly defend our industry to ensure we have a level-playing-field. EU companies must be able to compete on fair and equal terms. Today's panel report is an important step in that direction.' In 2012, the WTO ruled that the United States had granted massive subsidies to Boeing in violation of WTO rules. Between 1989 and 2006 Boeing benefited from NASA, US Department of Defense and Washington State/Kansas subsidies totalling over $5 billion. The subsidies allowed Boeing to sell its aircraft more cheaply, to the detriment of Airbus. The illegal subsidies include export support, direct grants, free access to facilities, technology transfer at no cost, and tax abatements. Today's findings add to another WTO ruling of November 2016 in which - for the first time in the aircraft disputes - the WTO found the US guilty of providing prohibited subsidies to Boeing of around $5.7 billion. These subsidies by Washington State were conditional on the use of domestic over imported goods. Under WTO rules, these are the worst kind of subsidies and they caused further severe harm to Airbus' market position. For More Information History of the Boeing WTO case WTO dispute resolution IP/17/1591   Press contacts: -  Alexander WINTERSTEIN (+32 2 299 32 65) -  Kinga MALINOWSKA (+32 2 2 295 13 83) General public inquiries: Europe Direct by phone 00 800 67 89 10 11 or by email origineel bericht: 'EU secures another important win in the WTO Boeing...' Meer over... Concurrentiebeleid Delen Stuur deze pagina door Voeg deze pagina toe aan Twitter Voeg deze pagina toe aan Facebook Voeg deze pagina toe aan Google Plus   Voeg deze pagina toe aan LinkedIn Zoekt u nog een    GOED BOEK? Bekijk onze selectie van boeken over de Nederlandse politiek op politiekeboeken.com Terug naar boven Nieuws rss Nieuws-items bij Beleid economie en geld 15-06 Lagarde (IMF): lonen Nederland moeten omhoog 15-06 Brexit-gesprekken beginnen maandag 15-06 Computerstoring kost BA tientallen miljoenen 15-06 Twee jaar extra garantie sjoemel-VW's in EU 15-06 Roaming in Europa zonder extra kosten 15-06 Indicative programme - Economic and Financial Affairs Council meeting, 16 June 2017 15-06 Speech: Keynote speech by Vice-President Ansip in charge of the Digital Single Market 15-06 More future-oriented investments in neediest EU economies 15-06 Online platforms: fight fake news, protect privacy, foster fair competition 15-06 President Tajani: " Today marks the end of the era of roaming charges in the EU" MEER  Agenda rss Agenda-items bij Beleid economie en geld 18-07 Public hearing on sustainable finance, Brussel VERLOPEN  Columns rss Nieuws-items bij Beleid economie en geld 13-07-2015 Wetgeving voor datalokalisatie een tegenslag voor de wereldhandel 16-12-2011 Naar Europese begrotingsunie zonder Britten Print deze pagina Print met voetnoten Volg ons: aanmelden Aanmelden voor nieuwsbrief Terug naar boven Praktisch Europa Mobiel bellen/ internetten in EU Ziekte en gezondheid Voordelen één markt Recht en rechtspraak Kopen en huren Reizen Wonen Werken Studeren Ondernemen Europa in de wereld Europa in cijfers Europese landen Relatie van EU met andere landen De toekomst van Europa Wereldspelers Nederland en Europa Hoe denken wij over Europa? Europa in de verkiezingsprogramma's Voor- en nadelen van Europa Behandelvoorbehoud Nederlandse Europarlemen­tariërs Lesideeën Europese Unie Hot Issues Goedkoper internetten en bellen Brexit Migrantenstroom Europees Openbaar Ministerie Erasmus+ Defensiebeleid Antiterrorismebeleid EU Klimaatverandering Relatie EU-China Associatieverdrag EU-Oekraïne + meer Beleid en toekomst Buitenland Cultuur en onderwijs Economie en geld Gezondheid en sociale zaken Landbouw en milieu Recht en veiligheid Institutioneel beleid Wie doet wat Europese Unie Europees Parlement Raad van Ministers Europese Raad Voorzitterschap Europese Commissie Europese Hof van Justitie Europese Rekenkamer Europese Ombudsman Europese Centrale Bank + meer Wat komt eraan Agenda Europa Nieuws Europa Groenboeken Witboeken Richtlijnen Servicelinks Europa NU Home Over deze site Site-map Tips Reageer Website van PDC logo Parlementair Documentatie Centrum Universiteit Leiden Bezoek ook Parlement & politiek Parlement & Politiek Montesquieu instituut Montesquieu Instituut Montesquieu instituut De Nederlandse Grondwet
Can't connect right now! retry Home latest pakistan world sports entertaintment business health Amazing Sci-Tech Videos shows GEO Urdu Tv . Radio. X Home Latest Pakistan World Sports Entertainment Business Health Amazing Sci-Tech TV Shows Videos Urdu .Radio .Tv Panama Leaks Champions Trophy UK Election Gulf Crisis Nehal Hashmi Advertisement business Sunday Jun 11 2017 By RREUTERS Iran's Aseman signs final deal for 30 Boeing 737s: IRNA By RREUTERS Sunday Jun 11, 2017 Aseman Airlines has signed a final deal to buy 30 Boeing (BA.N) 737 MAX jets in Iran's first new business with the US planemaker since President Donald Trump took office vowing to take a tougher stance toward the country. Aseman and Boeing had signed a tentative deal in April. Iran's state news agency IRNA reported that representatives of Aseman and Boeing signed the final agreement in the capital Tehran on Saturday. "I am very pleased that after a year of negotiation with Boeing, the contract to buy 30 Boeing 737s was signed today," Aseman CEO Hossein Alaei was quoted as saying by IRNA after the signing ceremony. Owned by Iran's civil service pension foundation but managed as a private company, Aseman is Iran's third-largest airline by active fleet size, according to the CAPA consultancy. Alaei said Aseman was ready to order another 30 of the same planes once the delivery of the first order was finished. IRNA reported that the deal for 60 jets would be worth $3 billion, saying Aseman would pay five percent and seek financing for the rest. Boeing has already agreed to sell 80 aircraft to flag carrier IranAir under a deal between Tehran and major powers that led to the lifting of most sanctions in return for curbs on its nuclear technology development activities. Trump has said he opposes the nuclear sanctions pact but has not stated a public view on the aircraft deals reached under the accord. The US aerospace industry says they support Trump's agenda for protecting US manufacturing jobs. Advertisement More From Business: business Takata close to filing for bankruptcy: report Updated an hour ago business Eurozone agrees Greek bailout payment, IMF comes on board Updated 5 hours ago business Baskin-Robbins to soon open shops in Pakistan Updated 13 hours ago business Volkswagen Japan executive arrested on drug charges Updated 22 hours ago business Qatar signs $12 billion deal to buy F-15 jets from US Updated yesterday business Greece pushed to take bailout deal without debt relief Updated yesterday business Pakistani made traditional rickshaws being exported to Japan Updated 2 days ago business GDP growth targeted at 6% for fiscal 2017-18: Ishaq Dar Updated 3 days ago business Sky TV sees 14% drop in Premier League viewers Updated 3 days ago Load More Advertisement Latest view all Pakistan 3 minutes ago Take a 360 virtual tour of the State Bank Museum Pakistan 24 minutes ago Qatari prince says will affirm letter to SC in toto if JIT visits Qatar Pakistan 38 minutes ago Karachi prison break: Suspects used main gate, not boundary wall to escape, says CTD Pakistan an hour ago Sindh bans pillion riding, mobile services on Youm-e-Ali Advertisement
VietNamNet New ABOUT US | VIETNAMESE | RSS | Update 16/06/2017 13:05:03 (GMT+7) VietNamNet | TuanVietNam | vef.vn | 2Sao | TintucOnline | Vland | Thể thao Home Special Reports Vietnam In Photos What’s On Vietnam Reference Search Government Business Society Art & Entertainment Travel Education Science & IT Environment Sports World News Your Vietnam Odd News Vietnam's marine sovereignty   business Last update 12:00 | 12/06/2017    FacebookTwitter addthis_button_compactSend EmailPrinter Vietnam’s goal of being producers for Boeing, Airbus dashed VietNamNet Bridge - Both Airbus and Boeing have chosen China to build airplane assembling factories. French Airbus has kicked off construction of a helicopter assembling factory in the eastern port city of Qingdao, Shandong Province which is expected to be completed by the end of 2018. The factory will be run by Airbus Helicopters and Qingdao Helicopter Aviation Company. Airbus President Guillaume Faury said on May 27 that the first helicopter would be produced by mid-2019, and that with the production capacity of the assembling line, the factory can make 18 H135s every year. The distance between the dream and reality of an aircraft industry in Vietnam is wide China is lacking civilian helicopters for emergency medical and other services because of tight military control over national airspace. Prior to that, the US-based Boeing in March 2017 also started construction of a Boeing 737 aircraft completion facility with total capacity of 100 units per year in Choshan City of Choshan City, Zhejiang Province. The first product is expected to be delivered to customers in 2018. Meanwhile, a factory 287 kilometers southeast of Shanghai provides coating, repair and maintenance of Boeing aircraft. With such moves taken by Airbus and Boeing, Vietnam seems to have lost the opportunity of being chosen by the two big aircraft manufacturers to open aircraft component factories. Local newspapers two years ago reported that Airbus Group wrote to the Vietnamese Government expressing its interest in establishing a new aircraft components factory in Vietnam. The facility would produce electrical safety belts for Airbus A320 aircraft.  Bui Ngoc Son, an economist from the Institute for the World Economic and Political Research Institute, said that Vietnam cannot manufacture simple spare parts, let alone aircraft components. The distance between the dream and reality of an aircraft industry in Vietnam is wide, experts say. Son, commenting on the news that Vietnam can make flaps for Boeing 737, said an aircraft includes thousands of accessories, and the flap is just one. “The production of flaps, of course, is good news for Vietnam. However, the production of the part doesn’t require high technology. The design is also carried out by the foreign partner,” he said. “Vietnam should not cherish an unrealistic dream when it still has to import simple products such as air conditioners and refrigerators," he added.  In related news, the national flag carrier Vietnam Airlines received the 11th Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner, the last of its 787-9 Dreamliner order with Boeing, on May 6, at Noi Bai International Airport. RELATED NEWS Vietnam Airlines uses Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner on route to Germany Vietjet and Boeing sign US$11.3 billion contract Dat Viet vietnam economy, business news, vn news, vietnamnet bridge, english news, Vietnam news, news Vietnam, vietnamnet news, vn news, Vietnam net news, Vietnam latest news, Vietnam breaking news, Boeing, Vietjet, Vietnam Airlines   Name: * Email from: * Email to: * Messages:     Send      Read on Building a brand for Vietnam bird nest VN banks struggle to keep interest rates steady VN seeks to boost livestock product exports Jetstar Pacific leads in flight cancellations, delays BUSINESS IN BRIEF 11/6 Fruit growers in Vietnam over-reliant on Chinese buyers HCM City struggles to collect tax from Facebook sellers VN property developers see new tricks in VR Vietnam looks to private sector to fund infrastructure Vietnam's seafood exports to US face tough recovery     Top Stories Vietnam’s businesses try to stay ‘invisible’ to taxation bodies Thai businesses take quiet but firm steps into Vietnam market Under-the-table fees block Vietnam enterprises’ way Old-style coffee shops across Vietnam Transmission & broadcasting companies report losses Great opportunities exist for securities investors in second quarter Mekong Delta protective forests wiped away by rising waters 11th grader invents robotic arm for disabled Thai businesses struggle for power in Vietnam’s real estate market Travel around Saigon on a weekend afternoon Latest News HCMC budget meets 20% of investment demand HCM City launches digital traffic app Airport overload puts airlines in trouble Third runway deemed feasible for Tan Son Nhat airport Visa exemption extended for five European countries Reservoir wall leaks worry Hue residents Climate change forecast to shrink rice yield Invasive species concern Vietnamese agencies Hanoi to recycle construction waste Phong Nha-Ke Bang National Park admission prices discounted     RssIN FOCUS Indonesia transport plane crash kills at least five The debate about Nem Thuong pig-chopping ritual Vietnam International Fashion Week 2014 review The China-Philippines dispute in the East Sea Overview of the East Sea Dispute The East Sea disputes Legendary General Vo Nguyen Giap The sadness of heritage Human resources training for healthcare in trouble Analyzing Vietnam-China trade relations PrevNext   Home | Advertising | Weblink | Contact Us VNN © Copyright of VIETNAMNET Bridge Tel: 04.37722792 Fax: 04.37722882, Email: evnn@vietnamnet.vn
Friday 16 June 2017 Home Trade News Trade News Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Media & Promotion Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Lifestyle Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Miscellaneous Other Sectors Business Directory Contact Advertise Newsletter Premium Content Home   » Travel, Tourism & Hospitality   » Story Jenette Ramos Boeing appoints senior VP for supply chain CHICAGO, 4 days ago Boeing has appointed Jenette Ramos, a 29-year Boeing veteran with executive leadership roles in fabrication, supplier management, and environment, health and safety, as senior vice president, Supply Chain & Operations. Ramos, 51, replaces Pat Shanahan, who has been nominated to serve as US Deputy Secretary of Defence. Ramos, most recently vice president and general manager of Fabrication at Boeing Commercial Airplanes, now will oversee the company's Manufacturing Operations and Supplier Management functions, including implementation of advanced manufacturing technologies and global supply chain strategies. She also leads Boeing's Environment, Health & Safety organization. She joins the Boeing Executive Council and reports to Boeing chairman, president and CEO Dennis Muilenburg. "Jenette brings to this role a tremendous set of leadership skills and aerospace experience that spans nearly three decades, including deep knowledge of the entire Boeing production system and great passion for our people, products and customers," Muilenburg said.  “Jenette's most recent work to transform our commercial airplanes fabrication operations will serve her well in this new assignment, which is critical to our long-term success and growth and productivity goals." Ramos is a graduate of the Harvard Business School Advanced Management Program, and she earned a master's degree in business from Seattle Pacific University and a bachelor's of science degree from Washington State University. Shanahan, a 30-year veteran of the company, held executive leadership programs across the enterprise. Prior to his most recent position, he served as vice president/general manager of Airplane Programs at Commercial Airplanes, where he oversaw management of the 737, 747, 767, 777 and 787 production programs. He also previously led the missile defence and rotorcraft organizations within Boeing Defence, Space & Security. "Pat's influence has touched just about everything we do at Boeing – across all of our commercial, defence and space programs, as well as how we design, engineer and produce them," Muilenburg said. "We will miss his leadership, creativity and problem-solving, but we are thrilled by the opportunity he has in front of him, and we appreciate his stepping up in service of our country." – TradeArabia News Service Tags: | Boeing | operations | supply chain | More Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Stories Saudia Holidays unveils key family packages Special Ramadan offers at Four Seasons Riyadh Bahrain, Tunisia discuss strengthening cooperation in tourism sector Al Manshar Rotana appoints two new team members Record 10.4m tourists visit Morocco Lausanne unveils exclusive travel packages for GCC residents IHG signs contract to build and operate hotels in Kuwait Flydubai sees 3.5pc increase in UAE passengers to Africa Sheraton Grand Hotel, Dubai celebrates third 'iftar for cabs' Global theme park market seen topping $44bn Emirates SkyCargo transports first UAE-designed and built car The Ritz-Carlton Abu Dhabi, Grand Canal welcomes new GM Etihad to suspend San Francisco flights in October Abu Dhabi Ports sees record growth in 2016/17 cruise season Rehlat offers customers free Fetchr delivery Atlantis, The Palm introduces new summer packages Boeing to restructure defence and space unit Philippine Airlines to relaunch Business Class service to Dubai Iridium Spa now open at St. Regis Dubai, Al Habtoor Polo Resort Top travel destinations for UAE residents this Eid Stratajet appoints new marketing manager InterCon to open new waterfront hotel in Abu Dhabi Over 120,000 hotel rooms under construction in MEA Flynas tries to poach Qatar Airways staff Hargeisa to join Air Arabia’s African network UAE, Saudi, Bahrain airspace ban only for Qatar firms Dubai to test 'facial recognition' airport checks Emaar unit to operate Jabal Omar's Makkah luxury hotel Egypt eases airspace ban on flights to and from Qatar Europe to discuss measures to avert expanded US laptop ban Calendar of Events View all events Tools Exchange Rates Weather Forecast BBC World Service Ads Sectors | Information | About Us | Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Government & Laws Media & Promotion Back to top Trade News Newsletter Events Business Directory TradeArabia Network Advertising Contact Feedback Privacy Statement Terms of Service Web Feeds
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to sidebar News National More Liberals face tough questions on Afghanistan and interim fighter jets Lee Berthiaume, The Canadian Press  06.11.2017 The Boeing F-18 Super Hornet performs during its demonstration flight. In this Feb. 28, 2017, photo, a Lockheed Martin F-35A Lighting II from the 323 Squadron, Royal Netherlands Air Force flies through the nicknamed Star Wars Canyon on the Jedi transition in Death Valley National Park, Calif. Minister of Defence Harjit Sajjan arrives at CFB Trenton in Trenton, Ont., on Thursday, June 8, 2017. Although the Trudeau government launched its long term plan for modernizing the military last week, more immediate realities are tugging for attention on the Liberals' list of defence priorities. ShareAdjustCommentPrint Although the Trudeau government launched its long term plan for modernizing the military last week, more immediate realities are tugging for attention on the Liberals’ list of defence priorities. The government continues to grapple with two critical, short-term questions: what to do about “interim” fighter jets, and whether to take on a new role in Afghanistan? The Canadian Press has learned that Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan met with the head of Lockheed Martin, the U.S. defence giant behind the F-35 stealth fighter, in Singapore earlier this month. Word of Sajjan’s meeting with Lockheed president Marilyn Hewson come as the minister told CTV’s Question Period that the government is looking at “different options” for addressing a critical shortage of fighter jets. The Liberals announced last November that they would address the jet shortage by purchasing 18 “interim” Super Hornets from Boeing, before holding a competition to replace all of Canada’s CF-18s. But that was before Boeing complained to the U.S. Commerce Department that Canadian aerospace firm Bombardier had sold its CSeries jet liners at an unfair discount with help from the federal government. The Liberals have since threatened to scrap the Super Hornet plan because of the dispute, which took another turn Friday when the U.S. International Trade Commission said it would continue investigating. Sajjan’s spokeswoman Jordan Owens confirmed the minister met with Hewson at a defence summit in Singapore at the beginning of June, but could not immediately comment on the discussion. However, a Lockheed official speaking on background said Hewson told Sajjan that her company was ready and eager to deliver F-35s on an urgent basis if required. The Liberals recently spent another $30 million to stay at the table as a partner in the F-35 project, while Boeing for its part has emphasized its long-standing economic and commercial ties to Canada. Meanwhile, Sajjan’s office said Sunday that NATO has asked Canada to send police officers to Afghanistan to help train the war-torn country’s beleaguered security forces. “We just received this and are looking into it,” Sajjan’s spokeswoman, Jordan Owens, told The Canadian Press. “The door hasn’t been closed yet.” The request comes as the U.S. and NATO seek to bolster the alliance’s footprint in Afghanistan, where local police and military forces have struggled against a resurgent Taliban. The situation has been complicated by the arrival of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, which has launched several deadly attacks across the country over the past year. One NATO official, who was not authorized to comment publicly, said alliance members will gather in Brussels later this month to announce what they can provide. That puts Canada, which ended its military mission in Afghanistan in 2014, on the clock to decide sooner rather than later whether to dive back into the conflict. Any decision to send Canadians, even police officers, back into Afghanistan is sure to stoke strong reactions given the heavy cost of Canada’s military involvement in the country between 2001 and 2014. Thousands of Canadians who served in Afghanistan during that period continue to suffer from physical or mental injuries, while 158 soldiers, one diplomat and one journalist were killed. Canada also contributed billions of dollars in development assistance to the country – money that continues to flow in the form of about $150 million per year for aid and to pay the Afghan security forces. Yet despite those investments of blood and treasure, peace and stability remain not only elusive, but increasingly scarce as Afghan security forces have lost ground to the Taliban, in particular. Comments We encourage all readers to share their views on our articles and blog posts. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion, so we ask you to avoid personal attacks, and please keep your comments relevant and respectful. If you encounter a comment that is abusive, click the "X" in the upper right corner of the comment box to report spam or abuse. We are using Facebook commenting. Visit our FAQ page for more information. x Share Liberals face tough questions on Afghanistan and interim fighter jets Email Twitter Facebook Pinterest Google Linkedin Video Today's National News Best of Postmedia Canadian hospitals vulnerable to hackers, warns health-care expertThere are only two kinds of hospitals in Canada: those that know they’ve been hacked and those that just don’t realize it yet.  That is among the wisdom that Bill Tholl, president and CEO of HealthCareCAN, has picked up over the last two years while working on a plan to keep Canadian health-care providers safe […] Jeff Paterson: Blink, and your shot at the Stanley Cup is goneA tweet from hockey writer and statistical analyst Tyler Dellow earlier in the week got me thinking. Dellow posted to social media: “Good way to realize how hard it is to get to the final is to go back and look at a team that lost and count the players who get another shot.” I […] Jillian Harris: B.C. design diva, former Bachelorette heads back to reality TVIt's Jillian Harris like you've never seen her before. Columnists Vaughn Palmer: Liberals start making nice with mayors where votes vanishedOn arriving at government house this week, B.C. Liberal MLA Sam Sullivan paused to banter briefly with... Vaughn Palmer: Horgan downplays 'division' with 'gabby' WeaverNDP Leader John Horgan lost no time Wednesday clarifying what he had and had not agreed to during talks... Vaughn Palmer: Clark leaves Hydro hot potatoes for Horgan to juggleIf NDP leader John Horgan becomes premier as expected, he will straightaway face billion-dollar decisions... Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy
Friday, June 16, 2017Switch to हिन्दी Home Politics Presidential Election 2017: Amit Shah to meet Uddhav Thackerey to ensure Shiv Sena’s support Presidential Election 2017: Venkaiah Naidu, Rajnath Singh meet Sonia Gandhi; Congress demands names from BJP Voting for Shimla civic body polls begins, counting on Saturday Arunachal Pradesh Chief Minister Pema Khandu slams Congress for portrying BJP as 'anti-Christian' AIADMK 'two-leaves' symbol row: Panneerselvam faction reaches out to Election Commission with truckload of affidavits Those who lost polls are behind unrest in BJP-ruled states: UP deputy CM Dinesh Sharma Sports ICC Champions Trophy 2017: England's Joe Root laments missing 'golden chance' to win tournament ICC Champions Trophy 2017: India's bowlers mix discipline with intelligence to form a rampant force Nico Hulkenberg interview: ‘I needed to adapt my driving style quite a bit to win 24 Hours of Le Mans in 2015’ Hockey World League Semi-Finals: India must learn from lapses against Scotland with tougher battles to follow Cheick Tiote's body arrives in Ivory Coast as thousands turn up at Abidjan Airport to mourn footballer Ligue 1: Claudio Ranieri optimistic about a great season after taking over as Nantes coach India 1993 Mumbai blasts verdict LIVE: Judge arrives at TADA court, hearing begins Hockey World League Semi-Finals: Roelant Oltmans credits half-time changes for come-from-behind win India's government schools in disarray: Here's a blueprint to improve quality of education, bring about accountability Tamil Nadu lodges protest against Andhra Pradesh's move to construct check dam across Kusa river Prime minister, president condole death of former chief justice PN Bhagwati 1993 Mumbai blasts case: TADA Court to pronounce judgment on Abu Salem and six others today World South Korea’s oldest nuclear plant to halt operations on its 40th birthday Donald Trump set to reverse Barack Obama's relaxations in new Cuba policy Russia probe: Special counsel Robert Mueller to probe Jared Kushner's business dealings with Moscow China and South Korea put missile rift on hold to attend AIIB meeting European Union, European Commission release joint statement confirming Brexit talks to begin on 19 June Brexit negotiations between Great Britain and EU officials to begin on Monday Business Infosys US head Sandeep Dadlani resigns to pursue personal interests; jolt for Vishal Sikka India's gold imports surge 3-fold to US $4.95 bn in May ED seizes Rs 7 cr of Delhi jewellers in Panama Papers case Exports grow 8.32% in May; trade deficit hits 30-month high RBI's move to cut risk weight, provisioning for home loans credit negative for banks: Moody's She's the boss: Work-life balance doesn’t mean choosing between the two, but giving 100% to both, says Chanda Kochhar Entertainment Gene Simmons claims he used iconic devil's horn gesture first; files for trademark Despicable Me 3 movie review: If you’re in the mood for harmless entertainment, can’t go wrong with this Baahubali 2: SS Rajamouli's magnum opus to open 39th Moscow International Film Festival Bank Chor movie review LIVE: Zero parts funny, but saved by Riteish Deshmukh, Sahil Vaid's acts Tubelight's new song 'Main Agar' captures Salman Khan-Martin Tangu's heartwarming camaraderie Tubelight's Pakistan release uncertain: Salman Khan-starrer could lose up to Rs 35 crore Photos Videos Shows TECH2 CT 2017 FAKING NEWS Oppo You are here: Latest News Fwire News Boeing to restructure defence, space unit | Reuters Boeing to restructure defence, space unit | Reuters FwireReutersJun, 14 2017 04:30:05 IST #Reuters Tweet Boeing Co (BA.N) said on Tuesday it would restructure its defence, space and security (BDS) division into smaller units and cut about 50 executive positions, as the world's largest plane maker seeks to make its business more responsive to customers. The business, which accounted for nearly a third of the company's total revenue in 2016, will be divided into seven units, instead of the present five. All will report to BDS Chief Executive Leanne Caret.The executives to be cut represent a layer of middle management in between senior officials and each individual business unit. Caret told Reuters the restructuring will make the business faster and help Boeing better anticipate the needs of defence customers."Customers have "a desire to move fast, and we need to be part of the solution," she said. Boeing's defence arm sells a variety of military equipment including jet fighters, missiles and unmanned underwater vehicles to the United States and its allies.Boeing's military aircraft business, part of the BDS unit, will be rearranged into three smaller segments: autonomous systems, strike surveillance and mobility, and vertical lift.Autonomous systems, led by Chris Raymond, will comprise Boeing's subsidiaries Liquid Robotics, which makes the Wave Glider ocean surface robot, and Insitu unmanned aerial vehicles, among other businesses. The strike surveillance and mobility business, led by Shelley Lavender, will include the F-15 and F/A-18 fighters and P-8 maritime patrol aircraft.Boeing's AH-6i, AH-64 Apache, and CH-47 Chinook helicopters will become part of the new vertical lift segment, led by David Koopersmith. Boeing said its network and space systems business, also part of the BDS unit, will be reconstituted as space and missile systems. The business will be led by Jim Chilton.The business makes satellites and other space and intelligence systems, and includes its joint venture operation with Lockheed Martin Corp (LMT.N) - United Launch Alliance.The development, global operations, and phantom works segments will remain largely unchanged within the BDS unit, the company said. Boeing is aggressively building its services businesses to capture new revenue and lift profit margins from high single digits to mid-teens by 2020. Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg established a services business unit earlier this year that combines commercial aircraft and defence services. (Reporting by Mike Stone in Washington and Ankit Ajmera in Bengaluru; Editing by Arun Koyyur and Matthew Lewis) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. #Reuters Published Date: Jun 14, 2017 04:30 am | Updated Date: Jun 14, 2017 04:30 am Also See South Korea says anti-missile deployment on hold pending environmental review | Reuters U.S.-backed forces seize Raqqa ruins; U.N. sees 'dire' situation | Reuters U.N. chief condemns attack in Iran, urges unity fighting terrorism | Reuters U.S. finds March bombing in Syria legal, may have killed one civilian | Reuters Champions Trophy 2017 Match Date Details 1 Jun 18 PAK Vs IND Full Schedule Top Stories Presidential Election 2017: Venkaiah Naidu, Rajnath Singh meet Sonia Gandhi; Congress demands names from BJP Aamer Sohail Indirectly Accuses Pak of Fixing Matches in Champions Trophy Diwakar Reddy is Ravindra Gaikwad 2.0: With netas thinking they're above the law, VVIP culture is here to stay Tubelight's Pakistan release uncertain: Salman Khan-starrer could lose up to Rs 35 crore Dream home or nightmare? Buyers beware Gulf diplomatic crisis: Why Saudi Arabia-Egypt ties are linked to the failed ban on Qatar Reliance Industries, BP to invest $6 bn to develop new gas fields in Krishna Godavari basin ICC Champions Trophy 2017: Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Jasprit Bumrah's versatility makes them automatic choice in ODIs Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Zimbabwe in Scotland, 2 ODI Series, 2017 SCO Vs ZIM Scotland beat Zimbabwe by 26 runs (D/L method) ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 BAN Vs IND India beat Bangladesh by 9 wickets Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 ODI Series, 2017 WI Vs AFG Match Abandoned ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 ENG Vs PAK Pakistan beat England by 8 wickets ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 SL Vs PAK Pakistan beat Sri Lanka by 3 wickets Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 ODI Series, 2017 WI Vs AFG West Indies beat Afghanistan by 4 wickets ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 IND Vs SA India beat South Africa by 8 wickets ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 ENG Vs AUS England beat Australia by 40 runs (D/L method) Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 ODI Series, 2017 WI Vs AFG Afghanistan beat West Indies by 63 runs ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 NZ Vs BAN Bangladesh beat New Zealand by 5 wickets Zimbabwe in Scotland, 2 ODI Series, 2017 SCO vs ZIM - Jun 17th, 2017, 03:15 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 PAK vs IND - Jun 18th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST South Africa in England, 3 T20I Series, 2017 ENG vs SA - Jun 21st, 2017, 11:00 PM IST India in West Indies, 5 ODI Series, 2017 WI vs IND - Jun 23rd, 2017, 06:30 PM IST South Africa in England, 3 T20I Series, 2017 ENG vs SA - Jun 23rd, 2017, 09:30 PM IST India in West Indies, 5 ODI Series, 2017 WI vs IND - Jun 25th, 2017, 06:30 PM IST South Africa in England, 3 T20I Series, 2017 ENG vs SA - Jun 25th, 2017, 07:00 PM IST India in West Indies, 5 ODI Series, 2017 WI vs IND - Jun 30th, 2017, 06:30 PM IST India in West Indies, 5 ODI Series, 2017 WI vs IND - Jul 2nd, 2017, 06:30 PM IST Basil D'Oliveira Trophy, 2017 ENG vs SA - Jul 6th, 2017, 03:30 PM IST Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Video Room Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India ICC Champions Trophy 2017 IPL 2017 E-Learning Franchise Opportunity Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of usePrivacy
Friday, June 16, 2017 Login Register Subscribe Welcome Guest Account Settings Register Log out Navigation Editors’ Picks Weather Search OK, so it wasn't all bad news in Springfield In era of research cuts, romance blossoming much earlier between universities and Big Pharma Betting college students will pay up for deluxe digs Springfield seeks a cure for dying College Illinois Is there enough money for all the nonprofit news outlets? Why Trump needs to be bolder on his infrastructure plan Emanuel could and should have done more in the budget fight × OK, so it wasn't all bad news in Springfield Semiprivate is the new trend in dining In era of research cuts, romance blossoming much earlier between universities and Big Pharma Betting college students will pay up for deluxe digs Springfield seeks a cure for dying College Illinois Is there enough money for all the nonprofit news outlets? Why Trump needs to be bolder on his infrastructure plan Emanuel could and should have done more in the budget fight Why e-commerce will threaten luxury retailers next Best places to buy a home × Weather × Search News Economy Education Finance Health Care Law & Professional Services Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Consumer Goods Small Business Sports Technology Transportation Utilities Politics Andy Shaw City and County Government Greg Hinz Rich Miller State and Federal Government Opinion & Columnists Editorial Editorial Cartoon Opinion Cahill on Business Ecker on Sports Hinz on Politics Kapos Takes Names Miller on Springfield Pletz on Tech Shaw on Government Lifestyle & Dining Architecture & Style Arts & Culture Dining Gadgets & Tech Society & People Travel Wellness & Fitness Real Estate Special Reports All Lists Book of Lists Privately Held Publicly Held Fast 50 40 Under 40 20 in Their 20s Best Places to Work Who's Who Tech 50 Small Business Guide Coolest Offices This Week's Crain's Academy & Events Crain’s Academy Crain’s Events Advertise People on the Move June 13, 2017 Boeing defense to cut 50 exec jobs in management shakeup (Bloomberg)—Boeing Co.'s defense business is shedding about 50 executive positions in a shake-up that eliminates a layer of management and gives a greater operational role to the division's boss... To see the full article, subscribe or log in. Today's Crain's Get our daily roundup of important business news. Company Contact Us Crain’s Chicago Data Center Order Reprints Connect Subscribe to Crain’s Chicago Business Subscribe to Crain’s Free E-Newsletters Attend Crain’s Events Submit to People on the Move Advertise Advertise with Crain’s Crain’s Custom Media Opportunities Classified Advertising Privacy Policy • Terms of Service Copyright © 2017 Crain Communication, Inc.
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 25° | Max. 34° Air Quality: PSI 54-67 We set you thinking Friday 16 June 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream China&India China kindergarten blast was bomb, suspect killed: official 1497595560 Singapore Stamford Law, Lee Suet Fern had no role in drafting any of Mr Lee’s Last Will: Lee Hsian Yang 1497594900 World 'Happy Mrs Jung-sook' begins work as S.Korea's first lady among equals 1497595602 Business BHP names packaging guru MacKenzie as new chairman 1497595533 Business U.S. acts to seize stolen assets, Picasso in probe of Malaysian fund 1497594872 World Lawyers for Kim Jong-nam murder suspects given key documents 1497595028 Singapore Man jailed 4 years for forging ex-wife's cheques, stealing her branded handbags 1497591180 World At least 65 people missing or feared dead in London fire: The Sun 1497593728 Business Asia stocks steady after U.S. tech rout, yen slips as BOJ stands pat 1497593337 World Exclusive: U.S. nears decisions on resettlement of Australian-held refugees 1497592648 World Chinese conglomerate HNA sues exiled tycoon Guo 1497591985 Singapore Arrested: Teenager who allegedly hurled ofo bike down from flat 1497591000 Singapore Free MRT rides at Tuas West Extension Open House on Friday 1497586260 World Trump to clamp down on Cuba travel, trade, curbing Obama's detente 1497589592 Business Malaysia's 1MDB says it was not contacted in connection with U.S. lawsuit 1497589117 Singapore Foreign worker charged with molest 1497588300 Singapore Couple charged for insulting, shoving elderly man in Toa Payoh hawker centre 1497495900 Singapore Here's another sign Singapore's housing market is recovering 1497576540 World Angry Trump decries being target of Russian probe 1497572520 China&India China probes kindergarten blast after eight killed 1497577020 Singapore Dispute between brothers surfaced at reading of Mr Lee’s Last Will 1497565680 Singapore PM Lee raises 'serious questions' about LKY's last will; Hsien Yang, Dr Lee hit back 1497545040 Singapore PM wanted to avoid ‘public fight that would tarnish family name’ 1497556920 Business Singapore exports shrink in May in second straight month 1497574620 Singapore Foreign companies’ application to support Pink Dot rejected 1497556920 Entertainment US moves to seize DiCaprio’s Picasso, ‘stolen’ funds in 1MDB case 1497578820 World Four killed in attack on mosque in Kabul 1497556092 Entertainment Britney Spears’ concert organisers add ‘slightly more affordable’ tickets, stage catwalk 1497528720 Lifestyle Beat the heat 1497556920 China&India As Trump bets on China’s help on North Korea, aides ask: Is it worth it? 1497585420 World U.S. military has made no decision on new Afghanistan troop levels: spokesman 1497585770 World Jihadist arrests in Europe nearly double in two years: Europol 1497585060 World At least eight killed in Chinese kindergarten blast; 65 injured 1497575627 Business BHP's new chairman built reputation on Amcor turnaround 1497584014 World Trump to limit Cuba travel, restrict business deals with military: U.S. officials 1497574892 World Putin talks grandchildren, offers Comey asylum in phone-in 1497581160 World US student suffered ‘extensive’ brain damage in North Korea 1497581819 Business Even before Anbang chairman detained, some banks halted its products 1497533640 Voices Exits, re-entries at separate stations counted as different trips 1497556920 World Australia introduces illegal gun amnesty after Islamist-inspired attacks 1497579719 World U.S. accuses Chinese company of money-laundering for North Korea 1497578499 World On buses and trains, Venezuela opposition leaders protest Maduro 1497577229 World In Philippines battle, troops pinned down by sniper fire, Molotov cocktails 1497576487 Business Elliott says supports BHP's selection of MacKenzie as next chair 1497576155 Business BP's Dudley seen reigning for years to restore major's might 1497575459 Business Air bag maker Takata to file for bankruptcy this month: sources 1497574953 Singapore ofo considering legal action over bicycle abuse video 1497516660 Voices Would we know what to do when a fire breaks out? 1497556920 World Hoax donation shocker for family bullied-to-death teen in Malaysia 1497573419 Voices Republic offers technical expertise instead of funds 1497556920 Business Boeing to restructure defense, space unit Boeing logo at their headquarters in Chicago. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 5:00 AM, June 14, 2017 Updated: 6:20 AM, June 14, 2017 Boeing Co <BA.N> said on Tuesday it would restructure its defense, space and security (BDS) division into smaller units and cut about 50 executive positions, as the world's largest plane maker seeks to make its business more responsive to customers. The business, which accounted for nearly a third of the company's total revenue in 2016, will be divided into seven units, instead of the present five. All will report to BDS Chief Executive Leanne Caret. The executives to be cut represent a layer of middle management in between senior officials and each individual business unit. Caret told Reuters the restructuring will make the business faster and help Boeing better anticipate the needs of defense customers. "Customers have "a desire to move fast, and we need to be part of the solution," she said. Boeing's defense arm sells a variety of military equipment including jet fighters, missiles and unmanned underwater vehicles to the United States and its allies. Boeing's military aircraft business, part of the BDS unit, will be rearranged into three smaller segments: autonomous systems, strike surveillance and mobility, and vertical lift. Autonomous systems, led by Chris Raymond, will comprise Boeing's subsidiaries Liquid Robotics, which makes the Wave Glider ocean surface robot, and Insitu unmanned aerial vehicles, among other businesses. The strike surveillance and mobility business, led by Shelley Lavender, will include the F-15 and F/A-18 fighters and P-8 maritime patrol aircraft. Boeing's AH-6i, AH-64 Apache, and CH-47 Chinook helicopters will become part of the new vertical lift segment, led by David Koopersmith. Boeing said its network and space systems business, also part of the BDS unit, will be reconstituted as space and missile systems. The business will be led by Jim Chilton. The business makes satellites and other space and intelligence systems, and includes its joint venture operation with Lockheed Martin Corp <LMT.N> - United Launch Alliance. The development, global operations, and phantom works segments will remain largely unchanged within the BDS unit, the company said. Boeing is aggressively building its services businesses to capture new revenue and lift profit margins from high single digits to mid-teens by 2020. Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg established a services business unit earlier this year that combines commercial aircraft and defense services. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “Tech with Heart” scheme to empower start-ups with social innovation focus “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble Yahoo shareholders approve sale of core business to Verizon WTO largely backs Boeing in trade row, faults tax break Wilbur Ross sees 'genuine' national security concern on steel Wilbur Ross seen imposing Mexico sugar deal over industry objections Western Digital to raise Toshiba chip offer in last-ditch bid: source Western Digital seeks court injunction to block sale of Toshiba chip unit Wells Fargo employees paid for first time using new pay scheme Warren Buffett to encourage investing in Israel bonds Wall Street technology share selloff leaves Apple bruised Wall St. dips after Fed rate hike; tech slumps again Inside Today World 'Happy Mrs Jung-sook' begins work as S.Korea's first lady among equals Lawyers for Kim Jong-nam murder suspects given key documents At least 65 people missing or feared dead in London fire: The Sun Exclusive: U.S. nears decisions on resettlement of Australian-held refugees Chinese conglomerate HNA sues exiled tycoon Guo Business BHP names packaging guru MacKenzie as new chairman U.S. acts to seize stolen assets, Picasso in probe of Malaysian fund Asia stocks steady after U.S. tech rout, yen slips as BOJ stands pat Malaysia's 1MDB says it was not contacted in connection with U.S. lawsuit BHP's new chairman built reputation on Amcor turnaround Sports Sprint queen Pereira runs into relay hurdle with S’pore Athletics UFC Fight Night set for an annual date in Singapore McGregor v Mayweather is just what MMA needs: UFC fighters UFC fighter Masvidal provides words of wisdom and inspiration to Boys' Home residents Japan limbers up with monkey bars, radio drills Entertainment US moves to seize DiCaprio’s Picasso, ‘stolen’ funds in 1MDB case Singer Adele joins vigil for victims of London tower block inferno Britney Spears’ concert organisers add ‘slightly more affordable’ tickets, stage catwalk Tokyo Ghoul, based on bestselling manga, set for world premiere in Los Angeles Review: Despicable Me 3 or Predictable Me 3? About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Friday, June 16, 2017Switch to हिन्दी Home Politics Presidential Election 2017: Amit Shah to meet Uddhav Thackerey to ensure Shiv Sena’s support Presidential Election 2017: Venkaiah Naidu, Rajnath Singh meet Sonia Gandhi; Congress demands names from BJP Voting for Shimla civic body polls begins, counting on Saturday Arunachal Pradesh Chief Minister Pema Khandu slams Congress for portrying BJP as 'anti-Christian' AIADMK 'two-leaves' symbol row: Panneerselvam faction reaches out to Election Commission with truckload of affidavits Those who lost polls are behind unrest in BJP-ruled states: UP deputy CM Dinesh Sharma Sports ICC Champions Trophy 2017: England's Joe Root laments missing 'golden chance' to win tournament ICC Champions Trophy 2017: India's bowlers mix discipline with intelligence to form a rampant force Nico Hulkenberg interview: ‘I needed to adapt my driving style quite a bit to win 24 Hours of Le Mans in 2015’ Hockey World League Semi-Finals: India must learn from lapses against Scotland with tougher battles to follow Cheick Tiote's body arrives in Ivory Coast as thousands turn up at Abidjan Airport to mourn footballer Ligue 1: Claudio Ranieri optimistic about a great season after taking over as Nantes coach India 1993 Mumbai blasts verdict LIVE: Judge arrives at TADA court, hearing begins Hockey World League Semi-Finals: Roelant Oltmans credits half-time changes for come-from-behind win India's government schools in disarray: Here's a blueprint to improve quality of education, bring about accountability Tamil Nadu lodges protest against Andhra Pradesh's move to construct check dam across Kusa river Prime minister, president condole death of former chief justice PN Bhagwati 1993 Mumbai blasts case: TADA Court to pronounce judgment on Abu Salem and six others today World South Korea’s oldest nuclear plant to halt operations on its 40th birthday Donald Trump set to reverse Barack Obama's relaxations in new Cuba policy Russia probe: Special counsel Robert Mueller to probe Jared Kushner's business dealings with Moscow China and South Korea put missile rift on hold to attend AIIB meeting European Union, European Commission release joint statement confirming Brexit talks to begin on 19 June Brexit negotiations between Great Britain and EU officials to begin on Monday Business Infosys US head Sandeep Dadlani resigns to pursue personal interests; jolt for Vishal Sikka India's gold imports surge 3-fold to US $4.95 bn in May ED seizes Rs 7 cr of Delhi jewellers in Panama Papers case Exports grow 8.32% in May; trade deficit hits 30-month high RBI's move to cut risk weight, provisioning for home loans credit negative for banks: Moody's She's the boss: Work-life balance doesn’t mean choosing between the two, but giving 100% to both, says Chanda Kochhar Entertainment Gene Simmons claims he used iconic devil's horn gesture first; files for trademark Despicable Me 3 movie review: If you’re in the mood for harmless entertainment, can’t go wrong with this Baahubali 2: SS Rajamouli's magnum opus to open 39th Moscow International Film Festival Bank Chor movie review LIVE: Zero parts funny, but saved by Riteish Deshmukh, Sahil Vaid's acts Tubelight's new song 'Main Agar' captures Salman Khan-Martin Tangu's heartwarming camaraderie Tubelight's Pakistan release uncertain: Salman Khan-starrer could lose up to Rs 35 crore Photos Videos Shows TECH2 CT 2017 FAKING NEWS Oppo You are here: Latest News Fwire News Boeing to restructure its defence and space unit | Reuters Boeing to restructure its defence and space unit | Reuters FwireReutersJun, 14 2017 02:30:05 IST #Reuters Tweet Boeing Co (BA.N) said on Tuesday it would restructure its defence, space and security (BDS) division into smaller units and cut about 50 jobs this year, as the world's largest plane maker looks to make the business more agile.The business, which accounted for nearly a third of the company's total revenue in 2016, will be divided into seven units, instead of five currently, effective July 1, with all reporting to BDS Chief Executive Leanne Caret.Boeing's military aircraft business, part of the BDS unit, will be rearranged into three smaller segments: autonomous systems, strike surveillance and mobility, and vertical lift.Autonomous systems, led by Chris Raymond, will comprise Boeing's subsidiaries Liquid Robotics, which makes the Wave Glider ocean surface robot, and Insitu unmanned aerial vehicles, among some other businesses. The strike surveillance and mobility business, led by Shelley Lavender, will include the F-15 and F/A-18 fighters and P-8 maritime patrol aircraft.Boeing's AH-6i, AH-64 Apache, and CH-47 Chinook helicopters will become part of the new vertical lift segment, led by David Koopersmith. Boeing said its network and space systems business, also part of the BDS unit, will be reconstituted as space and missile systems. The business will be led by Jim Chilton.The business makes satellites and other space and intelligence systems, and includes its joint venture operation with Lockheed Martin Corp (LMT.N) - United Launch Alliance. The development, global operations, and phantom works segments will largely remain unchanged within the BDS unit, the company said.Boeing is aggressively building its services businesses to capture new revenue and lift profit margins from high single digits to mid-teens by 2020. Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg established a services business unit earlier this year that combines commercial aircraft and defence services. (Reporting by Mike Stone in Washington and Ankit Ajmera in Bengaluru; Editing by Arun Koyyur) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. #Reuters Published Date: Jun 14, 2017 02:30 am | Updated Date: Jun 14, 2017 02:30 am Also See South Korea says anti-missile deployment on hold pending environmental review | Reuters U.S.-backed forces seize Raqqa ruins; U.N. sees 'dire' situation | Reuters U.N. chief condemns attack in Iran, urges unity fighting terrorism | Reuters U.S. finds March bombing in Syria legal, may have killed one civilian | Reuters Champions Trophy 2017 Match Date Details 1 Jun 18 PAK Vs IND Full Schedule Top Stories Presidential Election 2017: Venkaiah Naidu, Rajnath Singh meet Sonia Gandhi; Congress demands names from BJP Aamer Sohail Indirectly Accuses Pak of Fixing Matches in Champions Trophy Diwakar Reddy is Ravindra Gaikwad 2.0: With netas thinking they're above the law, VVIP culture is here to stay Tubelight's Pakistan release uncertain: Salman Khan-starrer could lose up to Rs 35 crore Dream home or nightmare? Buyers beware Gulf diplomatic crisis: Why Saudi Arabia-Egypt ties are linked to the failed ban on Qatar Reliance Industries, BP to invest $6 bn to develop new gas fields in Krishna Godavari basin ICC Champions Trophy 2017: Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Jasprit Bumrah's versatility makes them automatic choice in ODIs Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Zimbabwe in Scotland, 2 ODI Series, 2017 SCO Vs ZIM Scotland beat Zimbabwe by 26 runs (D/L method) ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 BAN Vs IND India beat Bangladesh by 9 wickets Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 ODI Series, 2017 WI Vs AFG Match Abandoned ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 ENG Vs PAK Pakistan beat England by 8 wickets ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 SL Vs PAK Pakistan beat Sri Lanka by 3 wickets Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 ODI Series, 2017 WI Vs AFG West Indies beat Afghanistan by 4 wickets ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 IND Vs SA India beat South Africa by 8 wickets ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 ENG Vs AUS England beat Australia by 40 runs (D/L method) Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 ODI Series, 2017 WI Vs AFG Afghanistan beat West Indies by 63 runs ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 NZ Vs BAN Bangladesh beat New Zealand by 5 wickets Zimbabwe in Scotland, 2 ODI Series, 2017 SCO vs ZIM - Jun 17th, 2017, 03:15 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 PAK vs IND - Jun 18th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST South Africa in England, 3 T20I Series, 2017 ENG vs SA - Jun 21st, 2017, 11:00 PM IST India in West Indies, 5 ODI Series, 2017 WI vs IND - Jun 23rd, 2017, 06:30 PM IST South Africa in England, 3 T20I Series, 2017 ENG vs SA - Jun 23rd, 2017, 09:30 PM IST India in West Indies, 5 ODI Series, 2017 WI vs IND - Jun 25th, 2017, 06:30 PM IST South Africa in England, 3 T20I Series, 2017 ENG vs SA - Jun 25th, 2017, 07:00 PM IST India in West Indies, 5 ODI Series, 2017 WI vs IND - Jun 30th, 2017, 06:30 PM IST India in West Indies, 5 ODI Series, 2017 WI vs IND - Jul 2nd, 2017, 06:30 PM IST Basil D'Oliveira Trophy, 2017 ENG vs SA - Jul 6th, 2017, 03:30 PM IST Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Video Room Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India ICC Champions Trophy 2017 IPL 2017 E-Learning Franchise Opportunity Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of usePrivacy
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU About The Company Bloomberg London Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Latest Issue Debrief Podcast Subscribe More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Nicky Loh/Bloomberg Boeing Defense to Cut 50 Executive Jobs in Management Shakeup by Julie Johnsson @juliejohnsson More stories by Julie Johnsson June 13, 2017, 4:28 PM EDT June 13, 2017, 7:17 PM EDT About 60 other positions will be moved to services operation Moves advance CEO’s efforts to cut costs throughout company Boeing Co.’s defense business is shedding about 50 executive positions, eliminating a layer of management and expanding the operational role of the division’s boss, Leanne Caret. Starting July 1, the $29.5 billion defense unit’s main businesses -- Boeing Military Aircraft and Network & Space Systems-- will split into smaller entities reporting directly to Caret, the company said in a statement Tuesday. A third segment is being transferred to Boeing Global Services, a new operation to be launched next month. The moves advance Boeing Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg’s efforts to tamp down costs. Caret has the added challenge of meeting the CEO’s goal for bolstering profit margins while losing a lucrative segment to the services unit. The changes are designed to speed decision-making, Caret said in an interview. “Everything is moving faster,” she said of the competitive environment for defense contractors. As she took stock of the second-largest U.S. defense business last year after taking over as its head, Caret said her priorities were to lower costs, encourage innovation and determine “how we can be most responsive to our customers.” One of her first moves was to shift work or close sites in Southern California, Missouri, Alabama, Washington, Texas and Virginia. Caret also moved the defense unit’s headquarters from St. Louis to Northern Virginia to be closer to the Pentagon. Caret had mulled streamlining the management structure, but decided to wait as plans evolved for the services group. “Change upon change is hard,” she said. “So we wanted to make sure we do it in a smart fashion.” About 60 defense executives will be transferred to the services operation, said Todd Blecher, a spokesman for Chicago-based Boeing. That unit -- which will combine defense and commercial aircraft parts, maintenance and information technology products -- is a key initiative for Muilenburg, who sees it evolving into a $50 billion business. New Structure Boeing’s development, global operations and Phantom Works segments reporting to Caret will be largely unchanged. The main businesses will be divided into four smaller units: Strike, Surveillance and Mobility will be led by Shelley Lavender, Boeing’s senior executive in its former St. Louis defense hub. It replaces the segment formerly known as Boeing Military Aircraft, which Lavender also ran. Space and Missile Systems will be headed by Jim Chilton. It includes Boeing’s share of the United Launch Alliance joint venture with Lockheed Martin Corp., the International Space Station and other areas. Autonomous Systems, which includes the Insitu and Liquid Robotics subsidiaries, will be led Chris Raymond. It includes the Echo Voyager maritime drone and unmanned vertical lift. Vertical Lift, headed by David Koopersmith, will manage Boeing’s Apache and Chinook helicopter programs and the V-22 Osprey tilt rotor. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Solar Power Will Kill Coal Faster Than You Think Bitcoin Tumbles Most in More Than Two Years After Record Run U.S. Stocks Slip on Tech Drop, Dollar Up After Fed: Markets Wrap Fed Raises Rates, Maintains Forecast for One More Hike Message Startup Slack Draws Interest From Amazon.com Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out10:05 GMT +316 June 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm Fault Lines Photo Video Infographics Live Search US Navy Teams with Boeing, Huntington to Build Advanced Underwater Drone © Youtube/Boeing Military & Intelligence 22:02 13.06.2017(updated 02:39 14.06.2017) Get short URL 1707311 Shipbuilding company Huntington Ingalls and aerospace giant Boeing are teaming up with the US Navy to build the Echo Voyager, a 50-ton underwater drone. The unmanned, autonomous 51-foot long unmanned submarine is designed to stay underwater for months at a time. "We are combining Boeing’s preeminent [unmanned underwater vehicle] maritime engineering team with our nation’s leading shipbuilder and Navy technical services company to get operational vehicles to the Navy years ahead of the standard acquisition process," Darryl Davis, president of Boeing Phantom Works, the advanced prototyping arm of one of the US’ largest airplane manufacturers, said in a release. With its various modules the service plans for the new craft to have a range of capabilities, including underwater research, firing missiles and dropping mines. © Flickr/ Nelson Pavlosky Pentagon’s DARPA Tests Underwater Drone Positioning System After visiting Boeing's Huntington Beach Factory in California in December, Deputy Defense Secretary Bob Work said the underwater drone was "impressive in every way."  "The capabilities that it has, being able to drop things out of the bottom as well as launch things out of the top, long endurance, deep-diving depth, persistence, all of those things were really, really exciting to see," he said, according to Defense One. Before adding the craft to the fleet, the Navy plans to conduct trials on existing underwater drone technology while developing new drones, telling Congress as much in its 2018 budget submission in May.  © Photo: Youtube/25th Hour Pentagon Confirms China's Return of Seized Underwater Drone to US Defense One cites budget documents explaining that "This will help develop experience and demonstrate launch, communications, command and control, navigation, endurance, recovery, payload feasibility, and mission planning and execution for [extra large unmanned underwater vehicles]." Testing for the Echo Voyager began June 5 in the Pacific Ocean off the coast of California, focusing on battery systems, autonomy and communication. Stressing the importance of the craft’s ability to function independently, David Flowers, Boeing’s program manager for XLUUV (Extra-Large Unmanned Underwater Vehicle) development, said in a release, "Unlike an aerial vehicle, or a satellite where you can communicate with it when it’s in trouble, with subsea vehicles you can’t do that … So autonomy is that much more important. The vehicle has got to understand what to do if it gets in trouble, make rule-based decisions and act in a way that allows it to stay safe and complete its mission." ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 311 Related: Northrop Grumman Wins $33Mln to Install Radar in US Navy Chopper Drone Alleged Daesh Drone Carrying a Spycam Crashes Near Mosul How to Take an Aerial Selfie Without a Drone US Drone Strike Kills 6 Taliban Militants in Central Afghan Wardak Province Lockheed Martin’s New 4-Rotor Drone Designed to Boost Military Intel Missions Tags: unmanned underwater vehicle (UUV), underwater drone, Drone, US Navy, Huntington Ingalls Industries Inc, Boeing, California, United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All commentsShow more comments (20) Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 10:04Russia Gov't Approves Council of Europe Convention Against Financing Terrorism 09:42SCO Will Help India, Pakistan Collaborate On Mutual Issues Of Interest 09:25Police Establish Perpetrator of East China Kindergarten Blast 09:14Moscow Verifying Reports of Incident Between Russian Yacht, N Korean Ship 09:05Dassault Begins Process to Offset Largest Ever FDI in Indian DefenseAll news Not One More Step: Putin Outlines 'Red Lines' Which US & NATO Shouldn't Cross 20783 Equalizer: How a Russian 4th Gen Su-35S Will Be Able to Defeat 5th Gen F-22s 13751 Iran Sends Its Warships to the Gulf of Aden, Here's Why 10954 India's Kerosene-Based Semi-Cryogenic Engine to Be Flight Test Ready by 2021 9896 Mission Complete: What the US Really Had in Mind for Ukraine 8573All news US Senate Votes To Impose New Sanctions on Russia 56 Not One More Step: Putin Outlines 'Red Lines' Which US & NATO Shouldn't Cross 50 Equalizer: How a Russian 4th Gen Su-35S Will Be Able to Defeat 5th Gen F-22s 33 US Acknowledges That Its Military Superiority is 'No Longer a Given Fact' 26 Putin: Russia Ready to Grant Asylum to Comey if He is Persecuted in US 22All news Recommended News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Voyage Voyage! Welcome Aboard Russia's Knyaz Vladimir Cruise Liner Boomerang Effect 2017 FIFA Confederations Cup: Facts and Figures Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 239% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 111% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/15/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 239% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 111% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/15/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: 5 Best Titanium Stocks to Buy You may be surprised to learn that some of the best titanium companies around aren't miners or aerospace suppliers but make products you use every day. Maxx Chatsko (TMFBlacknGold) Jun 13, 2017 at 1:45PM Are you looking to invest in titanium stocks? While high-strength, low-weight titanium alloys are becoming increasingly important in next-generation aerospace parts, titanium companies are more diverse than that specialty market. And no, I'm not talking about titanium miners, either. Company Market Cap 2016 Revenue Dividend Yield Allegheny Technologies Inc. (NYSE:ATI) $1.8 billion $3.1 billion N/A Arconic (NYSE:ARNC) $12.0 billion $12.4 billion 0.9% Chemours Co. (NYSE:CC) $7.4 billion $5.4 billion 0.3% Huntsman Corporation (NYSE:HUN) $5.6 billion $9.6 billion 2.1% Kronos Worldwide (NYSE:KRO) $2.1 billion $1.3 billion 3.3% Source: Google Finance. The best titanium stocks to buy include titanium alloy manufacturers for industrial applications and chemical manufacturers that serve various industrial and consumer markets. On one hand, the end use may be airframes that are hundreds of feet long. On the other, consumer brands are relying on titanium nanomaterials hundreds of times smaller than the width of a human hair. Both approaches represent intriguing long-term opportunities for individual investors looking to gain exposure to the titanium market. Aerospace parts and 3-D printed metals Titanium is becoming increasingly important to aerospace applications, and since rockets and double-decker commercial aircraft easily capture our imaginations, this growing application easily grabs most of the headlines for the material. Allegheny Technologies and Arconic are among the leading manufacturers of high-strength titanium alloys for this and other industrial markets. Image source: Getty Images. Allegheny Technologies is an under-the-radar stock emerging from a massive restructuring. After shedding low-margin steel manufacturing, it has cozied up to higher margin specialty markets uniquely suited for its technology platform. In 2016, the company generated 62% of its revenue from the high-performance materials and components segment, with 75% coming from aerospace and defense customers. Management expects the segment to drive 10% sales growth in 2017 and low-double-digit operating margin. The ability to carry forward losses from previous years will be critical to avoiding income taxes this year, as the company puts the finishing touches on its rebirth. That should allow cash flow positive operations to remain a permanent feature in normal market conditions.  One of the biggest growth opportunities for Allegheny Technologies lies in producing metal powders for additive manufacturing. While only a small portion of revenue today, the 3-D printed metal industry is quickly heating up. The company already serves General Electric and Snecma's 3-D printed fuel nozzles for jet engines, and could piggyback on a recent deal between Norsk Titanium and Boeing to 3-D print airframes. It's a major supplier for Boeing's titanium airframes today. Arconic, which was formed when Alcoa split into two, is beginning to hit its stride despite a rough start to public life. Although aluminum is a key driver of its growth, especially in automotive markets, the company is a major titanium supplier to the aerospace industry. Unfortunately, the industry's move away from aluminum airframes toward titanium alloys may end up cannibalizing some of its business. ARNC data by YCharts The good news is that airframes aren't the only component being swept up by the titanium craze. Arconic figures to offset negative impacts from its airframe business with growth in other components -- specifically, jet engine parts (which saw 9% growth in first-quarter 2017 compared with the year-ago period) and new contracts for landing-gear components. And, not to be undone by competitors, the company is also gearing up to supply metal powders to the 3D-printed metal industry.  Investors may also be surprised to learn that one of the leading titanium alloy manufacturers is none other than Berkshire Hathaway. In 2015, the conglomerate acquired Precision Castparts for $32 billion, making it the largest single acquisition of Warren Buffett's career. While a small part of the overall business empire, Precision Castparts solidified its position in the market by acquiring Titanium Metals years before. However, given the diverse operations of Berkshire Hathaway, it's not among the best titanium stocks to gain direct exposure to the market.  Paints, sunscreen, and cosmetics Contrary to conventional wisdom, the largest use for titanium is within pigment and additive markets -- and it's not even close. Over 90% of all titanium ore is used to produce titanium dioxide, which is white pigment with various protection characteristics added to paints, toothpaste, and sunscreen. In fact, it happens to be the ingredient in sunscreen that blocks harmful UV rays. Image source: Getty Images. Titanium dioxide is the most-produced man-made nanomaterial on Earth, which means there's no shortage of competition. However, rising prices since early 2016 have lifted the performance of such as Chemours, Huntsman Corporation, and Kronos Worldwide, which are among the world's leading titanium companies. Chemours, fresh off a settlement involving manufacturing of toxic fluoroproducts, is the world's largest producer of titanium dioxide, with over 1.25 million metric tons of annual manufacturing capacity that serves over 800 customers. That represents 22% of global demand -- and production capacity will increase by at least 200,000 metric tons in the coming years after an expansion project in Mexico comes online in the next several years.  The titanium segment was responsible for 31% of sales and over half of Chemours' adjusted EBITDA in 2016. Those numbers grew in the first quarter of 2017 on the heels of rising prices and the company's high-quality product grades, which easily make this one of the best titanium stocks on the market for the long haul.  Huntsman Corporation owns approximately 782,000 metric tons of annual production capacity for titanium dioxide. It's a bit different from its competitors in that it utilizes both of the dominant manufacturing processes to produce the material, which allows it serve more diverse customer needs. That hasn't amounted to much of an advantage in recent years, however. The company's pigment and additives segment generated $2.1 billion in revenue and $130 million in adjusted EBITDA last year, accounting for 22% and 11% of the respective totals. That makes it clear that Huntsman Corporation isn't enjoying the same bounce from a strong titanium dioxide market as Chemours. Then again, its bread and butter continues to be polyurethanes, not titanium. ^SPX data by YCharts Last but not least, Kronos Worldwide owns approximately 555,000 metric tons of annual production capacity of titanium dioxide -- the company's only product. Sales have slid along with global prices, which peaked in 2012 but should rebound along with selling prices in the coming years. It got off to a hot start in 2017, with first-quarter revenue up 16% from the year-ago period. Better yet, cost of sales decreased.  While it boasts the smallest top line of the titanium stocks listed above, Kronos Worldwide pays the highest dividend. It hasn't looked quite so sustainable in recent years, as operating cash flow has failed to cover the dividend and capital expenditures since 2013, but rising selling prices should once again alleviate those concerns and save a dwindling cash position.  What does it mean for investors? The top titanium stocks to own don't necessarily operate in the high-flying, media-hogging industries that dominate the conversation. While there are ample growth opportunities within next-generation aerospace and 3-D printing, the top use of the material will continue to be the tiny nanomaterials in the paints, cosmetics, and other consumer products you use in everyday life. Just remember that when thinking about the best titanium companies on the market.  Maxx Chatsko has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Berkshire Hathaway (B shares). The Motley Fool owns shares of General Electric. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Maxx Chatsko (TMFBlacknGold) Maxx has been a contributor to Fool.com since 2013 focusing on renewable fuels, agriculture, engineered biology, and materials. He graduated from SUNY-ESF (2012) with a Bachelor of Science in Bioprocess Engineering and from Carnegie Mellon University (2016) with a Master of Science in Materials Science & Engineering. Follow @maxxchatsko Article Info Jun 13, 2017 at 1:45PM Energy, Materials, and Utilities Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $195.45 up $3.07 (1.60%) General Electric NYSE:GE $28.94 up $0.49 (1.72%) Allegheny Technologies NYSE:ATI $16.26 down $0.98 (-5.68%) Huntsman NYSE:HUN $23.79 down $0.39 (-1.61%) Kronos Worldwide NYSE:KRO $18.25 down $0.05 (-0.27%) Chemours NYSE:CC $37.03 down $-1.68 (-4.34%) Berkshire Hathaway Inc. New NYSE:BRK.B $170.55 down $0.90 (-0.52%) Arconic Inc. NYSE:ARNC $26.70 down $0.20 (-0.74%) Read More Why Allegheny Technologies Incorporated's Shares Popped 11% Today 5 Stocks Growing Their Dividends by 15% Per Year Timken: Barbarians Inside the Gate Why Allegheny Technologies Incorporated Stock Plunged Today Huntsman Prices Additional $250 Million Offering at 4.875% Prev 1 2 3 4 Next Compare Brokers Motley Fool push notifications are finally here Allow push notifications to help you stay on top of... Breaking investing news Earnings coverage Market movers Special offers and more Subscribe to notifications You can unsubscribe at any time. Current 5 Best Titanium Stocks to Buy @themotleyfool #stocks $BA, $GE, $ATI, $HUN, $KRO, $CC, $BRK.B, $ARNC
Arrow-right Camera Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather Search E-edition Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Obits Opinion Classifieds Search Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service News Spokane Washington Idaho Nation World Business Health Marijuana WA Government ID Government Sports Outdoors Gonzaga basketball WSU football EWU basketball EWU football Gonzaga women High school sports Seattle Mariners Seattle Seahawks Seattle Sounders Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire Spokane Indians UW basketball UW football Vandals basketball Vandals football Whitworth WSU football Arts and Entertainment A&E Art Books Beer/Drinks Cooking Dining Entertainment Dorothy Dean Features Food Home and garden Home Movies Music Pop culture Seven Stage The Slice Travel Voices Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Know Spokane data.spokesman.com Photos Reader Photos Blogs Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Spokane Jobs Spokane Autos Public Records Brides Births Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Advertising inserts Close Wash. Idaho Business Health Marijuana Nation World Photos Pacific Northwest Firm building 35,000-square-foot hangar at Medford airport Tue., June 13, 2017, 11:10 a.m. Associated Press Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS MEDFORD, Ore. – Private Boeing 737s parked on the Medford airport tarmac will soon have a garage. The Mail Tribune reported Million Air Medford plans to build one of the largest airplane hangars in the state, a $5 million, 35,000-square-foot hangar just west of the control tower. The project will give Million Air 75,000 square feet spread over four buildings. At present, the largest building is 25,000 square feet with a 28-foot-high door. The new hangar will have a 45-foot-high door and be able to handle two 737s, side by side. Groundbreaking is scheduled later this month, with completion expected before winter. Million Air Medford caters to business and leisure clients. Its president, Joe Keith, says the hangar will be lower than the control tower, but “will throw a pretty big shadow.” Published: June 13, 2017, 11:10 a.m.  Tags: airport, Boeing, Medford, oregon Click here to comment on this story » Most read stories Spokane judge denied prosecutors request to have former police officer jailed for violating the term … Probes launched amid grim search for London fire victims … The Spokesman-Review … Doug Clark: Psychedelic flashbacks, bucket thieves on camera and other highlights from Street Music … Historic shipwreck discovered off Southern California coast … ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Masthead Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 25° | Max. 34° Air Quality: PSI 54-67 We set you thinking Friday 16 June 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream China&India China kindergarten blast was bomb, suspect killed: official 1497595560 Singapore Stamford Law, Lee Suet Fern had no role in drafting any of Mr Lee’s Last Will: Lee Hsian Yang 1497594900 World 'Happy Mrs Jung-sook' begins work as S.Korea's first lady among equals 1497595602 Business BHP names packaging guru MacKenzie as new chairman 1497595533 Business U.S. acts to seize stolen assets, Picasso in probe of Malaysian fund 1497594872 World Lawyers for Kim Jong-nam murder suspects given key documents 1497595028 Singapore Man jailed 4 years for forging ex-wife's cheques, stealing her branded handbags 1497591180 World At least 65 people missing or feared dead in London fire: The Sun 1497593728 Business Asia stocks steady after U.S. tech rout, yen slips as BOJ stands pat 1497593337 World Exclusive: U.S. nears decisions on resettlement of Australian-held refugees 1497592648 World Chinese conglomerate HNA sues exiled tycoon Guo 1497591985 Singapore Arrested: Teenager who allegedly hurled ofo bike down from flat 1497591000 Singapore Free MRT rides at Tuas West Extension Open House on Friday 1497586260 World Trump to clamp down on Cuba travel, trade, curbing Obama's detente 1497589592 Business Malaysia's 1MDB says it was not contacted in connection with U.S. lawsuit 1497589117 Singapore Foreign worker charged with molest 1497588300 Singapore Couple charged for insulting, shoving elderly man in Toa Payoh hawker centre 1497495900 Singapore Here's another sign Singapore's housing market is recovering 1497576540 World Angry Trump decries being target of Russian probe 1497572520 China&India China probes kindergarten blast after eight killed 1497577020 Singapore Dispute between brothers surfaced at reading of Mr Lee’s Last Will 1497565680 Singapore PM Lee raises 'serious questions' about LKY's last will; Hsien Yang, Dr Lee hit back 1497545040 Singapore PM wanted to avoid ‘public fight that would tarnish family name’ 1497556920 Business Singapore exports shrink in May in second straight month 1497574620 Singapore Foreign companies’ application to support Pink Dot rejected 1497556920 Entertainment US moves to seize DiCaprio’s Picasso, ‘stolen’ funds in 1MDB case 1497578820 World Four killed in attack on mosque in Kabul 1497556092 Entertainment Britney Spears’ concert organisers add ‘slightly more affordable’ tickets, stage catwalk 1497528720 Lifestyle Beat the heat 1497556920 China&India As Trump bets on China’s help on North Korea, aides ask: Is it worth it? 1497585420 World U.S. military has made no decision on new Afghanistan troop levels: spokesman 1497585770 World Jihadist arrests in Europe nearly double in two years: Europol 1497585060 World At least eight killed in Chinese kindergarten blast; 65 injured 1497575627 Business BHP's new chairman built reputation on Amcor turnaround 1497584014 World Trump to limit Cuba travel, restrict business deals with military: U.S. officials 1497574892 World Putin talks grandchildren, offers Comey asylum in phone-in 1497581160 World US student suffered ‘extensive’ brain damage in North Korea 1497581819 Business Even before Anbang chairman detained, some banks halted its products 1497533640 Voices Exits, re-entries at separate stations counted as different trips 1497556920 World Australia introduces illegal gun amnesty after Islamist-inspired attacks 1497579719 World U.S. accuses Chinese company of money-laundering for North Korea 1497578499 World On buses and trains, Venezuela opposition leaders protest Maduro 1497577229 World In Philippines battle, troops pinned down by sniper fire, Molotov cocktails 1497576487 Business Elliott says supports BHP's selection of MacKenzie as next chair 1497576155 Business BP's Dudley seen reigning for years to restore major's might 1497575459 Business Air bag maker Takata to file for bankruptcy this month: sources 1497574953 Singapore ofo considering legal action over bicycle abuse video 1497516660 Voices Would we know what to do when a fire breaks out? 1497556920 World Hoax donation shocker for family bullied-to-death teen in Malaysia 1497573419 Voices Republic offers technical expertise instead of funds 1497556920 Business Ryanair in talks with Boeing over new version of 737 - sources mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 12:40 AM, June 14, 2017 Updated: 1:20 AM, June 14, 2017 PARIS/DUBLIN - European low-cost airline Ryanair <RYA.I> is in talks with Boeing <BA.N> about placing an order for its proposed new 737 MAX 10 airliner, two people familiar with the matter said on Tuesday. Boeing is expected to launch what would become the largest version of its 737 MAX medium-haul family, designed to challenge the popular Airbus <AIR.PA> A321 flown by Ryanair rivals, at the opening of the Paris air show next week. A Boeing spokesman for the region declined to comment. A Ryanair spokesman said: "We do not comment upon rumor or speculation". Ireland-based Ryanair, which was the launch customer for the 196-passenger Boeing MAX 200 aircraft in 2014, is in discussions about buying the new plane which seats up to 230 passengers, the people said. It currently only flies 189-seat 737-800s. It was not clear if a MAX 10 order would be in addition to or at least partly a substitute for the MAX 200 order for 100 planes. Talks are progressing but it also remained unclear whether a deal would be ready in time for the June 19-25 air show, one of the people said. Ryanair rarely attends such events and is expected to hold out for the best possible price before placing an order. Ryanair executives have said repeatedly in recent months that they would be interested in additional aircraft if they were available at the right price, saying the only thing curtailing faster growth was a lack of available planes. Chief Executive Michael O’Leary said in May Ryanair was talking to Boeing about opportunistically adding planes to its current order and for additional orders to cover growth from 2023 to 2028. The latest talks come as Hungarian rival Wizz Air <WIZZ.L> shifts from the 180-seat A320 to A321s which can carry up to 239 passengers and has said it hopes the larger planes will help bring its unit costs below those of Ryanair. UK budget airline easyJet <EZY.L> said in May it would take 30 Airbus A321neo jets with 235 seats from next summer, instead of 30 smaller A320neo planes, which it said would enable it to reduce costs per seat on affected trips by around 8 to 9 percent. Indonesia's Lion Air is also preparing to place an order for the 737 MAX 10, Reuters reported last week. Industry sources said the carrier could order about 50 planes but that some may displace earlier orders for other 737 models. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “Tech with Heart” scheme to empower start-ups with social innovation focus “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble Yahoo shareholders approve sale of core business to Verizon WTO largely backs Boeing in trade row, faults tax break Wilbur Ross sees 'genuine' national security concern on steel Wilbur Ross seen imposing Mexico sugar deal over industry objections Western Digital to raise Toshiba chip offer in last-ditch bid: source Western Digital seeks court injunction to block sale of Toshiba chip unit Wells Fargo employees paid for first time using new pay scheme Warren Buffett to encourage investing in Israel bonds Wall Street technology share selloff leaves Apple bruised Wall St. dips after Fed rate hike; tech slumps again Inside Today World 'Happy Mrs Jung-sook' begins work as S.Korea's first lady among equals Lawyers for Kim Jong-nam murder suspects given key documents At least 65 people missing or feared dead in London fire: The Sun Exclusive: U.S. nears decisions on resettlement of Australian-held refugees Chinese conglomerate HNA sues exiled tycoon Guo Business BHP names packaging guru MacKenzie as new chairman U.S. acts to seize stolen assets, Picasso in probe of Malaysian fund Asia stocks steady after U.S. tech rout, yen slips as BOJ stands pat Malaysia's 1MDB says it was not contacted in connection with U.S. lawsuit BHP's new chairman built reputation on Amcor turnaround Sports Sprint queen Pereira runs into relay hurdle with S’pore Athletics UFC Fight Night set for an annual date in Singapore McGregor v Mayweather is just what MMA needs: UFC fighters UFC fighter Masvidal provides words of wisdom and inspiration to Boys' Home residents Japan limbers up with monkey bars, radio drills Entertainment US moves to seize DiCaprio’s Picasso, ‘stolen’ funds in 1MDB case Singer Adele joins vigil for victims of London tower block inferno Britney Spears’ concert organisers add ‘slightly more affordable’ tickets, stage catwalk Tokyo Ghoul, based on bestselling manga, set for world premiere in Los Angeles Review: Despicable Me 3 or Predictable Me 3? About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contests Events Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Place A Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Manage Subscriptions June 16, 2017 70° Dothan, AL (36303) Today Scattered thunderstorms. High 86F. Winds W at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 60%.. Tonight Partly to mostly cloudy with isolated thunderstorms developing overnight. Low 72F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 30%. Updated: June 16, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast Toggle navigation Home Contests Events Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Place A Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local AP Firm building 35,000-square-foot hangar at Medford airport Jun 13, 2017 Updated Jun 13, 2017 (…) MEDFORD, Ore. (AP) — Private Boeing 737s parked on the Medford airport tarmac will soon have a garage. The Mail Tribune reports (http://bit.ly/2soKWTr ) Million Air Medford plans to build one of the largest airplane hangars in the state, a $5 million, 35,000-square-foot hangar just west of the control tower. The project will give Million Air 75,000 square feet spread over four buildings. At present, the largest building is 25,000 square feet with a 28-foot-high door. The new hangar will have a 45-foot-high door and be able to handle two 737s, side by side. Groundbreaking is scheduled later this month, with completion expected before winter. Million Air Medford caters to business and leisure clients. Its president, Joe Keith, says the hangar will be lower than the control tower, but "will throw a pretty big shadow." ___ Information from: Mail Tribune, http://www.mailtribune.com/ Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags General News Locations Medford Oregon United States North America Popular Missing Ozark man found dead Police search for missing Ozark man Sheriff: Lawmen 'desperately' searching for killer inmates Man to officers: 'Yeah, I've got (marijuana), wanna see 'em?' New trial begins for man who pleaded guilty to molesting 10 children Suspects sought in robbery that left employee shot DA: Threats made against teen charged in Kendarrius Martin murder Hightower named head baseball coach at Rehobeth Northview's Jonathan Rasberry resigning from baseball post Woman charged with stealing $66K from local medical office Featured Businesses Jim Roberts Realty 4207 Lafayette St, Marianna, FL 32446 850-482-4635 Hearing Associates Of Dothan 1891 Honeysuckle Rd, Dothan, AL 36305 334-702-4327 Conestoga Steak House 3549 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-794-4445 Latta Music Company 3332 W Main St, Dothan, AL 36305 334-793-6011 Hometown Lenders 110 E Broad St, Eufaula, AL 36027 334-794-2661 McLeod's Publick House 5540 W Main St, Dothan, AL 36305 334-648-1912 Miracle-Ear of Dothan - Southern Hearing 4440 W Main St, Ste 3, Dothan, AL 36305 334-377-4065 Bondy's Ford Lincoln 3615 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-792-5171 Vehicles W. Terry Bullard Attorney at Law 707 W Main St, Dothan, AL 36301 The Dothan Eagle 227 N Oates St, Dothan, AL 36303 334-792-3141 Coupons Beltone 2115 Denton Rd, Ste 2, Dothan, AL 36303 334-712-6778 Billy Lawrence Buick GMC 525 Kirkland St, Abbeville, AL 36310 334-585-3551 The Bobby Dean Team 2307 Hartford Hwy, Ste 5, Dothan, AL 36305 334-701-1102 James Grant Realty 1254 Westgate Pkwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-793-2200 Mosquito Squad 125 P.R. 1575, Midland City, AL 36350 334-405-7964 Alabama Eye Physicians & Surgeons 5937 W Main St, Dothan , AL 36305 334-446-0872 Jackson County Floridan 4403 Constitution Ln, Marianna, FL 32448 850-526-3614 US Mobile Homes of Alabama 5214 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-983-5658 Bama RV 5386 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-678-9510 Jim Skinner Honda 3823 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-671-8100 Center for Vein Restoration 3280 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-678-9494 Our New Baby 3119 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-677-2229 Dothan Brace Shop 1240 E Main St, Dothan, AL 36301 334-792-4330 All Metal Building Systems 409 S Broad St, Cowarts, AL 36321 800-440-1307 Bryant's Outdoor Equipment 2200 S Brannon Stand Rd, Dothan, AL 36305 334-794-4419 Miles of Flowers 4143 W Main St, Ste 5, Dothan, AL 36305 334-699-5773 Bondy's Nissan 3693 W Main St, Dothan, AL 36305 334-794-6736 Hometown Lenders 3124 W Main St, Ste 6, Dothan, AL 36305 334-794-2661 Derrel's Sewing and Vacuum Center 2507 Montgomery Highway, Dothan, AL 36303 334-794-0824 Contests Water World Family Admission Pack Giveaway Father's Day Sweepstakes Wiregrass' Wildest Fans Subscriber Services Dothan Eagle Subscriber Services e-Edition online Subscriber log-in Demo ePaper Print edition Subscribe for delivery Manage subscription Sections News Sports Lifestyles Obituaries Photos Weather Services Contact Us Subscription Rates Submission Forms Newspapers Enterprise Ledger Jackson Co. Floridan Eufaula Tribune Army Flier Contact Information dothaneagle.com 227 N. Oates Street Dothan, AL 36303 Phone: 334-792-3141 Email: webmaster@dothaneagle.com Follow Us Dothan Eagle, Dothan AL ©2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In The Irish Times Fri, Jun 16, 2017 The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Companies Transport & Tourism Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Businessperson Awards Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Irish company to maintain Boeing’s Dreamliners Lufthansa Technik Shannon spends up to €3m to prepare facilities for long-haul craft Tue, Jun 13, 2017, 17:13 Barry O'Halloran Boeing has delivered 540 Dreamliners to airlines around the world and has orders for 1,213 more. Photograph: Reuters         Aircraft maintenance specialist Lufthansa Technik ’s Irish operation expects to begin work on Boeing’s 787 Dreamliner shortly after investing between €2 million and €3 million in its facilities. The company is extending hangars at its Shannon base to allow it to maintain and repair large wide-body aircraft such as the Dreamliner. From the autumn, Lufthansa will modify, repair and refurbish Boeing 737 cabins and interiors, paint the inside and outside of the craft and carry out other work such as compliance checks at the Co Clare facility. While the company did not give an exact figure for the investment involved, it is understood to be between €2 million and €3 million. It also hopes that the extra work will result in it hiring more staff to add to its 485 workers. Specialist training Staff are getting specialist training for the work. The 787, which is 68m long with a 60m wingspan, is one of the better known of the new generation of long-haul aircraft launched in recent years. Boeing has delivered 540 of them to airlines around the world has orders for 1,213 more. Lufthansa Technik Shannon’s chief executive, Pat Shine, described the development as good news. He pointed out that the Republic has an excellent reputation aircraft maintenance and added that “with B787 capabilities, we have extended and grown our customer offering.” Lufthansa Technik also plans to launch specialist aircraft maintenance trainee classes in the autumn. The company’s programmes regularly draw students from around the world.       Topics: Pat Shine Boeing Lufthansa Read More Profits at SMBC Aviation Captial up 48% Iarnród Éireann ‘nearly insolvent’ due to losses Qatar Airways kicks off Dublin service as blockade continues Threat of turbulence for Gulf carriers over EU rules on state aid Flybe swings to loss due to slowing consumer demand Irish air travellers pay more than UK and French counterparts Ryanair lowers fares and market guidance for next year’s profits Belfast Airport aims ‘Bexit’ campaign at travellers from Republic More ‘nuisance’ bus changes for passengers in Dublin Bus overhaul Willie Walsh breaks silence on British Airways fiasco  Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Financial Services Big read: Irish banks plot loan sales as ECB turns up heat Work ‘Lack of worker engagement is a real risk factor for business’ Gaelic Games Jackie Tyrrell: Waterford are nice, you’d want your sister going out with one of them Ireland Cycle Series: Bloomin’ great route in the midlands Sponsored Mater Private launches same-day appointment service To give your business a boost, ask more of your payroll provider A new whiskey story: from father to son Business Achievers allows Ulster Bank reboot business support Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE GO BACK The account details entered are not currently associated with an Irish Times subscription. Please subscribe to sign in to comment. Comment Sign In I agree to the Terms & Conditions, community standards and Privacy Policy SIGN IN Forgot password? Thank you You should receive instructions for resetting your password. When you have reset your password, you can Sign In. Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Screen Name Selection Hello Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Only letters, numbers, periods and hyphens are allowed in screen names. CONFIRM Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE Forgot Password Please enter your email address so we can send you a link to reset your password. SUBMIT Sign In Your Comments Sign In Sign Out We reserve the right to remove any content at any time from this Community, including without limitation if it violates the Community Standards. We ask that you report content that you in good faith believe violates the above rules by clicking the Flag link next to the offending comment or by filling out this form. New comments are only accepted for 3 days from the date of publication. Latest Business Tesco reports strongest quarterly sales in seven years 07:26 Applegreen appoints new chief financial officer 07:20 ‘Lack of worker engagement is a real risk factor for business’ 07:00 Oil sits near half-year lows as global supply overhang weighs 06:44 The Irish brains behind video game hit Football Manager 06:34 Most Read in Business 1 ‘Don’t come to Dublin. It’s a rip-off,’ says tourism expert 2 Five questions to ask about corporate culture 3 Big read: Irish banks plot loan sales as ECB turns up heat 4 Ireland is second most expensive EU state for goods and services 5 Anglo-Irish Treaty could be a blueprint to solve Brexit bill impasse 6 The final reckoning for the Brexit shambles will be ugly 7 Applegreen appoints new chief financial officer 8 When will the State get serious on corporate governance? 9 AIB settled Citigroup dispute over Rusnak at fraction of $872m claim 10 Oil sits near half-year lows as global supply overhang weighs Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE News - direct to your inbox Which Daily Digest would you like? Morning Lunchtime Both Google ID Name Surname Email Sign Up Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper Subscriber Rewards Subscriber Tour Breaking news app IT Sunday My Account eBooks Email Newsletters Crossword Club Newspaper Archive Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Fri 16/6/2017 News Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit Sport Lions Tour Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations Subscriber Tour Explore the features of your subscription Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism My Account Manage your account IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
// // // Toggle navigation Toggle Search Toggle menubar Toggle Search Toggle fullscreen Friday, June 16, 2017 Friday, June 16, 2017 News Home Page Cuba North America Central America / Caribbean South America Bolivia Europe Asia / Oceania Africa / Middle East Sports Culture Science Economy Opinion Opinion Selected Opinions Alternative Views Photos Radio Television Publications Globe Newspaper Business in Cuba The Havana Reporter Cuba International Medical Advances More Specials Cuba Politics Economy 3rd Millenium Women Infancy On the Slave Route Indigenous People Sports Culture Science Chronicles Offers Contact Who we are Letter to the Editor Social Networks Twitter Facebook Google + RSS feed Specials Cuba Politics Economy 3rd Millenium Women Infancy On the Slave Route Indigenous People Sports Culture Science Chronicles Offers Contact Who we are Letter to the Editor Home Page Options Print Share France Demands End of US Subsidies to Boeing France Demands End of US Subsidies to Boeing France Demands End of US Subsidies to Boeing Paris, Jun 13 (Prensa Latina) France today demanded the end of the subsidies granted by the United States to the aeronautical company Boeing, considering that they are an obstacle to the rules of fair trade. In a statement, the French Foreign Ministry recalled the report of the World Trade Organization (WTO) four days ago, confirming that Washington and Boeing did not withdraw those subsidies despite the fact that the WTO itself banned them Since 2012. The international organization corroborates in the report 'that no measures have been taken to withdraw prohibited subsidies and that other supplementary subsidies were agreed despite the WTO decision in 2012,' the Foreign Ministry stressed. According to the French ministry's statement, such aids 'are a proven obstacle to fair trade rules, has strongly affected the world market for commercial aircraft and seriously harmed Airbus' (the European manufacturer). The statement added that 'defending the industrial and commercial interests of our companies is a priority of the diplomatic action.' sgl/abo/mem/lmg Temas Relacionados: France Demands End of US Subsidies to Boeing Paris, Jun 13 (Prensa Latina) France today demanded the end of the subsidies granted by the United States to the aeronautical company Boeing, considering that they are an obstacle to the rules of fair trade. In a statement, the French Foreign Ministry recalled the report of the World Trade Organization (WTO) four days ago, confirming that Washington and Boeing did not withdraw those subsidies despite the fact that the WTO itself banned them Since 2012. The international organization corroborates in the report 'that no measures have been taken to withdraw prohibited subsidies and that other supplementary subsidies were agreed despite the WTO decision in 2012,' the Foreign Ministry stressed. According to the French ministry's statement, such aids 'are a proven obstacle to fair trade rules, has strongly affected the world market for commercial aircraft and seriously harmed Airbus' (the European manufacturer). The statement added that 'defending the industrial and commercial interests of our companies is a priority of the diplomatic action.' sgl/abo/mem/lmg   Norteamérica,  Economía,  Europa,  Portada Economía,  Nota Informativa,  Repositorio,  Interior Economía, Home Page Options Go Top Print Share By the minute Most read 12:24  Nicaraguan Experts Discover Archaeological Site 12:22  US Reveals Serious Shortcoming in New Aircraft carrier of US Fleet 12:20  Poverty also Reaches Children in Rich Countries, UNICEF Warns 12:18  Andrzej Olejniczak and Chucho Valdes in Getxo Jazz Festival 12:18  Asian Bank AIIB Approves First Capital Investment 12:16  Prensa Latina: 58 Years of Service to Truth 7:29  UN General Assembly Elects 18 Economic and social Council Members 6:11  United States leaves Paris climate agreement 5:56  US Coalition Deplores Trump's Announcement on Cuba 5:54  Cuban Pole-Vaulter Wins Gold Medal at IAAF Diamond League in Oslo ... Eritrea-Ethiopia Border Tensions Persists Due to US Meddling Namibian Defense Minister Honors Cuban Pro-independence Antonio Maceo Clashes between Terrorist Groups in Syrian South Cuban FM Begins Round of Contacts in Turkey Haiti to Strengthen Trade Relations with Cuba Peru to Sign Free Trade Agreement with Australia and India Cuba Defends Universal Access to Benefits on New Technologies UN Calls for Quick Diplomatic Solution to Qatar Crisis Cuban Minister of Industries to Visit Canada Security Council Extends African Mission in Somalia ... Highlights Controversial Anti Terror Bill Enacted in Japan Controversial Anti Terror Bill Enacted in Japan Controversial Anti Terror Bill Enacted in Japan Stanford Classic: Maria Sharapova Gets Wildcard Entry Stanford Classic: Maria Sharapova Gets Wildcard Entry Stanford Classic: Maria Sharapova Gets Wildcard Entry 31 Killed in Al-Shabab Attack on Restaurant in Somali Capital 31 Killed in Al-Shabab Attack on Restaurant in Somali Capital 31 Killed in Al-Shabab Attack on Restaurant in Somali Capital China Confirms Million-dollar Economic Losses Due to Typhoon Merbok China Confirms Million-dollar Economic Losses Due to Typhoon Merbok China Confirms Million-dollar Economic Losses Due to Typhoon Merbok French Citizens Hope for Better Legislative Results French Citizens Hope for Better Legislative Results French Citizens Hope for Better Legislative Results Putin Jokes About Possible Asylum for Former FBI Director Putin Jokes About Possible Asylum for Former FBI Director Putin Jokes About Possible Asylum for Former FBI Director Copyright © 2016 Agencia Informativa Latinoamericana Prensa Latina Calle E # 454 esq 19, Vedado, La Habana, Cuba. Teléf: (+53) 7 838 3496, (+53) 7 838 3497, (+53) 7 838 3498, (+53) 7 838 3499
Jane's 360 Jane's Airport 360 IHS.com Products Advertise Client Login Register 360 My Preference 360 Home Defence Platforms Platforms Home Air Platforms Land Platforms Sea Platforms Weapons Weapons Home Air-Launched Weapons Infantry Weapons Naval Weapons C4iSR & Missions Systems C4iSR & Missions Systems Home C4iSR: Air C4iSR: Land C4iSR: Maritime C4iSR: Joint & Common Equipment CBRNE & EOD Defence Security Country Risk Military Capabilities CBRN Assessment Terrorism & Insurgency Industry Capability Profiles Thought Leadership Multimedia Press Events DSEI 2017 Paris Air Show 2017 CANSEC 2017 IDEX 2017 INDODEFENCE 2016 Africa Aerospace & Defence 2016 Farnborough Air Show 2016 Eurosatory 2016 CANSEC 2016 SOFEX 2016 DSEI 2015 AUSA 2015 Magazines IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review More Industry Press Releases Multimedia IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review Defence HOME DEFENCE PLATFORMS AIR PLATFORMS ARTICLE CONTENT PREVIEW To read the full article, Client Login Air Platforms Boeing drops MSA and RAMIS platforms from portfolio Gareth Jennings, London - IHS Jane's Defence Weekly 13 June 2017 The MSA, seen being showcased in South Korea in 2015, has failed to land any sales since it was launched in 2012. As such, the platform has been dropped by Boeing. Source: IHS Markit/Gareth Jennings Boeing has dropped both the Maritime Surveillance Aircraft (MSA) and Reconfigurable Airborne Multi-Intelligence System (RAMIS) from its portfolio, after failing to secure sales for either platform. A company representative acknowledged to Jane's in early June that, despite showcasing the Bombardier Challenger 605 business jet-based MSA to potential operators around the world, no sales have been forthcoming and the aircraft is no longer being actively marketed. The King Air 350-based RAMIS was discontinued in late 2014, Jane's was told. "Boeing developed the Maritime Surveillance Aircraft and demonstrated the system's capabilities around the world in 11 different countries and 50 demonstration flights for potential customers. We have not yet had a customer purchase the capability that we have offered," a company statement to Jane's read, adding, "As the leader in providing airborne ISR [intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance] to customers worldwide, Boeing carefully evaluates each customer's needs in order to offer them the best solution for the mission. Our portfolio features a wide range of products with various capabilities as we continue discussions with customers about their maritime requirements." This wide range of maritime products comprises the P-8 Poseidon maritime multimission aircraft (MMA), the Insitu ScanEagle/Integrator unmanned aerial vehicle, and the Echo Voyager unmanned undersea vehicle (UUV). Launched at the Farnborough Airshow in 2012, the Boeing MSA was pitched as a relatively cheap yet capable option for those operators who had a requirement to conduct missions such as counterpiracy operations, exclusive economic zone enforcement, immigration patrol, coastal and border security, and long-range search-and-rescue (SAR). For these roles, it was equipped with a number of P-8A Poseidon mission systems, although it was not provisioned for the carriage of offensive anti-submarine or anti-surface warfare weaponry. Want to read more? For analysis on this article and access to all our insight content, please enquire about our subscription options:　ihs.com/contact The RAMIS was the latest King Air 350ER-based ISR solution that Boeing offered onto the international market. It was dropped by the company in late 2014. (Boeing) To read the full article, Client Login (303 of 801 words) Related IHS Products IHS Jane's Defence: Platforms IHS Jane's Defence: Air & Space IHS Jane's Defence: Land IHS Jane's Defence: Sea IHS Jane's Defence: Air Platforms IHS Jane's All the World's Aircraft IHS Jane's All the World's Aircraft: In Service IHS Jane's All the World's Aircraft: Unmanned IHS Jane's Defence Weekly AMERICAS US Air Force's Space Fence enters hardware installation phase C4ISR: LAND India scraps planned acquisition of S-70B Seahawk helos MILITARY CAPABILITIES Japanese drills seek to enhance response to potential ballistic missile attack CBRN ASSESSMENT Trump gives Mattis authority to set US troop levels in Afghanistan MILITARY CAPABILITIES ARDS ELINT pod set for 2018 flight testing on Predator B C4ISR: AIR AMERICAS US Air Force's Space Fence enters hardware installation phase C4ISR: LAND India scraps planned acquisition of S-70B Seahawk helos MILITARY CAPABILITIES Japanese drills seek to enhance response to potential ballistic missile attack CBRN ASSESSMENT Trump gives Mattis authority to set US troop levels in Afghanistan MILITARY CAPABILITIES ARDS ELINT pod set for 2018 flight testing on Predator B C4ISR: AIR PLATFORMS IDF buying mass-market DJI drones AIR PLATFORMS Davie prepares Resolve-class oiler for delivery, eyes new conversions on the horizon SEA PLATFORMS Gripen E makes maiden flight AIR PLATFORMS New Macedonian defence minister seeks to speed up NATO membership bid AIR PLATFORMS Qatar agrees purchase of F-15QA fighters from US AIR PLATFORMS PLATFORMS IDF buying mass-market DJI drones AIR PLATFORMS Davie prepares Resolve-class oiler for delivery, eyes new conversions on the horizon SEA PLATFORMS Gripen E makes maiden flight AIR PLATFORMS New Macedonian defence minister seeks to speed up NATO membership bid AIR PLATFORMS Qatar agrees purchase of F-15QA fighters from US AIR PLATFORMS IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY US Air Force's Space Fence enters hardware installation phase IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY IDF buying mass-market DJI drones IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY India scraps planned acquisition of S-70B Seahawk helos IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Japanese drills seek to enhance response to potential ballistic missile attack IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY South Korean navy practices defending disputed islets IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY US Air Force's Space Fence enters hardware installation phase C4ISR: LAND IDF buying mass-market DJI drones AIR PLATFORMS India scraps planned acquisition of S-70B Seahawk helos MILITARY CAPABILITIES Japanese drills seek to enhance response to potential ballistic missile attack CBRN ASSESSMENT South Korean navy practices defending disputed islets MILITARY CAPABILITIES FEATURED REPORT Desert watchers: MINUSMA's intelligence capabilities The United Nations Multidimensional Integrated Stabilisation Mission in Mali (MINUSMA) is currently the only UN peacekeeping operation with an organic military intelligence-gathering and processing capability. Erwan de Cherisey reports Download here ADVERTISEMENT Interested in subscribing to complete IHS content? Call us Americas: +1 844 301 7334 Asia-Pacific: +604 291 3763 Europe, Africa & Middle East: +44 (0)1344 328 155 ihs.com/contact Industry Links IHS Jane's is not responsible for the content within or linking from Industry Links pages. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT BACK TO TOP Home Defence Security Industry Multimedia Industry Press Releases Events Magazines Jane's 360 Editorial Team Advertising Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map 360 Websites Jane's Airport 360 IHS IHS.com About IHS A-Z Products Contact Us Copyright © 2017 IHS. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited.  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Sign In  /  Sign Up Invalid Email-Id Or Password!!! Email-Id  :       Password  :   Forgot Password? Note:By clicking "Log in", you are agreeing to the terms of the Jane’s Data Terms and Conditions for Subscriptions About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Register with Jane’s 360 today and join a global community of defence professionals benefiting from our news and insights. You will only need to complete this once. Title * Mr Mrs Miss Ms    Email * First Name *    Password * Last Name *    Company * Job Function * Administration Analyst Academic Consultant CEO Director Engineer Finance Military Management Purchasing Scientist Sales Strategy Student Retired VP    Address * Sector * Army Navy Air Force MOD/DOD Other Ministries Government Military Organisations Non Military Organisations Industry/Manufacturing Education/Research/Library Legal/Consulting/Other Professional Services Security Airport & Airport Service Providers    State/Province * City *    Country * United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Ascension Islands Aland Islands Albania Algeria America Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burma Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China, Peoples Republic Of Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Democratic Republic of The Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire Croatia Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Diego Garcia Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic Of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic Of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia St. Martin (French) St Maarten (Dutch) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Sudan South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic Of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, US Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zaire Zambia Zimbabwe Post/Zip *    Phone Number Jane’s Defence Weekly Jane’s International Defence review Jane’s Airport Review Jane’s Navy International Please select the newsletters you would like to receive. Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Defence      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Security      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Air Forces Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Land Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Naval Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Airport Jane's 360      Airport 360 Jane’s may also share the information you provide with carefully selected third party companies. Please indicate if you wish to be excluded from receiving third party communications. phone mail e-mail By submitting this request, I agree with the Jane’s email and privacy policy .     About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s -- Modal content -->  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Enter your Email-id to retrieve your password Invalid Email-Id!!! Email-Id  :       Note:By clicking "Log in", you are agreeing to the terms of the Jane’s Data Terms and Conditions for Subscriptions About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Register with Jane’s 360 today and join a global community of defence professionals benefiting from our news and insights. You will only need to complete this once. Title * Mr Mrs Miss Ms    Email * First Name *    Password * Last Name *    Company * Job Function * Administration Analyst Academic Consultant CEO Director Engineer Finance Military Management Purchasing Scientist Sales Strategy Student Retired VP    Address * Sector * Army Navy Air Force MOD/DOD Other Ministries Government Military Organisations Non Military Organisations Industry/Manufacturing Education/Research/Library Legal/Consulting/Other Professional Services Security Airport & Airport Service Providers    State/Province * City *    Country * United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Ascension Islands Aland Islands Albania Algeria America Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burma Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China, Peoples Republic Of Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Democratic Republic of The Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire Croatia Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Diego Garcia Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic Of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic Of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia St. Martin (French) St Maarten (Dutch) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Sudan South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic Of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, US Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zaire Zambia Zimbabwe Post/Zip *    Phone Number Jane’s Defence Weekly Jane’s International Defence review Jane’s Airport Review Jane’s Navy International Please select the newsletters you would like to receive. Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Defence      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Security      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Air Forces Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Land Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Naval Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Airport Jane's 360      Airport 360 Jane’s may also share the information you provide with carefully selected third party companies. Please indicate if you wish to be excluded from receiving third party communications. phone mail e-mail By submitting this request, I agree with the Jane’s email and privacy policy .     About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s
Airwise News Top Stories Airline News Airport News Aviation News Cargo/Freight News Travel Industry News Tourism News Feature Stories Popular Stories Recently Added Stories Airport Guide US Airports UK Airports European Airports Canadian Airports Central American Airports South American Airports Middle East Airports African Airports Asian Airports South Pacific Airports Flight Arrivals US Airports UK Airports European Airports Canadian Airports Asian Airports Australian Airports Airline Info US Airlines UK Airlines Canadian Airlines Central American Airlines South American Airlines European Airlines Middle East Airlines African Airlines Asian Airlines South Pacific Airlines Airwise Airwise News Back Top Stories Airline News Airport News Aviation News Cargo/Freight News Travel Industry News Tourism News Feature Stories Popular Stories Recently Added Stories Airport Guide Flight Arrivals Back US Airports UK Airports European Airports Canadian Airports Asian Airports Australian Airports Airline Info Airwise Travel Home | < Previous page Airwise Home News Boeing Firms Up Iran Aseman 737 MAX Order Boeing Firms Up Iran Aseman 737 MAX Order June 12, 2017 Iran Aseman Airlines and Boeing have firmed up an order for 30 737 MAX aircraft in a deal worth over USD$3 billion at list prices. The firm order follows an expression of intent signed in April this year to order the aircraft. The agreement includes purchase rights for an additional 30 737 MAXs. First delivery of the new order is expected in 2022. This is the second order Boeing has won from Iran since sanctions were relaxed. Iran Air ordered 80 Boeing aircraft including 50 737 MAX 8s and 30 777s in December. Delivery of those planes will start next year. Airbus has also done significant business in Iran recently with a deal to sell 100 aircraft, worth up to USD$18 billion at list prices. Iran Air received the first of that order, an A321, in January. (Airwise) Top Stories Kenya Airways Gets Parliament Backing For Debt Guarantee TSA Demos CT Scanners At Airport Baggage Checks Heathrow Baggage Problem Fixed After Failure China Aircraft Leasing Orders 50 Boeing 737 MAX Qatar Air’s Al Baker Says ‘Business As Usual’ Search Airwise Airwise News Top Stories Airline News Airport News Aviation News Feature Stories Cargo/Freight News Travel Industry News Tourism News Most Viewed Stories Qatar Air’s Al Baker Says ‘Business As Usual’ China Aircraft Leasing Orders 50 Boeing 737 MAX easyJet Receives First Airbus A320neo Heathrow Baggage Problem Fixed After Failure Kenya Airways Gets Parliament Backing For Debt Guarantee AIRWISE Home Site Search Contact Us AIRWISE NEWS Top Stories Airline News Airport News Aviation News Cargo/Freight News Travel Industry News Tourism News Feature Stories Popular Stories Recently Added Stories AIRPORT GUIDE World Airports US Airports UK Airports European Airports Canadian Airports South American Airports Middle East Airports African Airports Asian Airports South Pacific Airports AIRLINE INFO World Airlines US Airlines UK Airlines European Airlines Canadian Airlines South American Airlines Middle East Airlines African Airlines Asian Airlines South Pacific Airlines Copyright © 2017 Ascent Pacific.
New Atlas Lifestyle Science Technology Transport Search Subscribe Marine Boeing’s Echo Voyager deep water robotic sub goes to sea David Szondy June 12, 2017 Echo Voyager in open water off the coasts of Southern California (Credit: Boeing) View gallery - 2 images Boeing's 51-ft (15-m) autonomous submarine Echo Voyager has taken to the open water for the first time as sea trials get underway. The eXtra Large Unmanned Undersea Vehicle (XLUUV) is being subjected to tests of its communications, autonomy, propulsion, systems integration, and battery systems in a series of surface maneuvers and shallow dives off the coast of Southern California in the lead up to the robotic cruiser's first deep water long endurance run. Up until now, blue water submarine operations have been the reserve of large manned naval submarines, but Echo Voyager is designed to make the deep oceans another robotic realm. Unlike current unmanned underwater vehicles that are mostly remote controlled and must stay close to their mother ships for power and support, Voyager with its 34-ft (10-m) payload bay uses advanced autonomous computer systems and a hybrid rechargeable power system that allows it to submerge and operate autonomously for months at a time. NEW ATLAS NEEDS YOUR SUPPORT Upgrade to a Plus subscription today, and read the site without ads. It's just US$19 a year.UPGRADE NOW So far, the Echo Voyager has completed pool tests at Boeing's Huntington Beach facility and now the time has come to up the level of difficulty. The craft is part of the US Navy's XLUUV program to create a cheap, yet effective, robotic underwater system to meet the Navy's needs in the 21st century. Last week, Boeing announced that it has entered into a partnership with Huntington Ingalls Industries for the design and production of XLUUVs for the US Navy. "Unlike an aerial vehicle, or a satellite where you can communicate with it when it's in trouble, with subsea vehicles you can't do that because of the communication," says David Flowers, Boeing Program Manager of XLUUV Development. "So autonomy is that much more important. The vehicle has got to understand what to do if it gets in trouble, make rule-based decisions and act in a way that allows it to stay safe and complete its mission." The video below shows Echo Voyager in open water off the coast of Southern California. Source: Boeing View gallery - 2 images Boeing’s Echo Voyager deep water robotic sub goes to sea 1 / 2 The Echo Voyager is designed to operate autonomously underwater for months at a time (Credit: Boeing) Echo Voyager in open water off the coasts of Southern California (Credit: Boeing) Tags #Boeing #Robotics #Submarine Share this article Show 1 comment   Over 280,000 people receive our email newsletter See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Your Email Top stories Solar paint turns air moisture into hydrogen fuel Nvidia's autonomous drone keeps on track without GPS Aston Martin unleashes most powerful Vantage V12 ever Collapsible, carbon-framed kayak gets to the water by train, plane and automobile Sponsored Content Recommended for you Sponsored Content Latest in Marine Finpo Waterglider uses a simple lever to move across the water Collapsible, carbon-framed kayak gets to the water by train, plane and automobile Boeing’s Echo Voyager deep water robotic sub goes to sea $200 Scorkl offers 10 minutes of underwater breathing Rolls-Royce-powered Aeroboat S6 brings speed and luxury Underwater drone swims with – and LIKE – the fishes Hybrid superyacht delivers splash of Porsche style for seafaring types Scaled-down "scooter" doubles up on props World's first all-electric autonomous container ship to set sail in 2018 High-performance rigid-inflatable blends sunbathing and speed Azimut injects carbon fiber lightness into new 21-meter motor yacht Snorkellers should get a kick out of this arm-mounted jet drive Editors Choice To the stars by atom bomb: The incredible tale of the top secret Orion Project Compare the latest tech gear Buckle up: VR and AR are still just getting started Startling fossil find shows Homo Sapiens is 100,000 years older than previously thought From a hobbit house to a secret bunker: The best sheds of 2017 2017 Smartwatch Comparison Guide IBM's new 5nm architecture crams 30 billion transistors onto fingernail-sized chip The Workhorse Surefly could become a two-seat sportscar of the skies Getting out of Auto: Understanding the exposure triangle Stratolaunch, the world's largest plane, emerges from its hangar for the first time Masterclass: 25 legendary cars that prove beauty is more than skin deep In photos: The best of the best at Concorso d'Elegenza Villa d'Este Over 280,000 people receive our email newsletter See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Email address Top Home About Contact Privacy Terms & Conditions Advertise Copyright © Gizmag Pty Ltd 2017 Twitter Facebook RSS Flipboard Gizmag is now New Atlas
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global 3D Printing in Low-Cost Satellite Market 2017-2021 – Key Players Analysis and Forecast Report Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 06/12/2017 — This industry research report identifies Airbus, Boeing, Lockheed Martin, and Stratasys as the key vendors in the global 3D printing in low-cost satellite market. A comprehensive analysis of this market is also presented by the satellite part (antenna, framework, and power system) and by geography (the Americas, APAC, and EMEA). Overview of the global 3D printing in low-cost satellite market Market research analysts at Technavio predict that the global 3D printing in low-cost satellite market will grow steadily at an impressive CAGR of nearly 56% by 2021. This market research analysis identifies the reduction in satellite manufacturing time as one of the primary growth factors for the 3D printing in low-cost satellite market. Unlike conventional manufacturing methods, 3D printing allows cost-efficient and precise engineering of satellite parts with rapid changes in the design of internal features in satellites. Browse Research PDF at: http://www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=S&repid=1142829 These advanced technologies will be adopted by several satellite manufacturing companies for the design and development of satellite systems. 3D printing also enables manufacturers to fully automate the development process of a satellite which considerably lowers satellite manufacturing time. For instance, Lockheed Martin implemented 3D printing in designing satellite parts and components and this helped the company gradually reduce the manufacturing and launch costs and significantly shorten the manufacturing time. The utilization of new-generation and reusable launch vehicles will result in the successful and cost-effective makeover of satellite systems. The introduction of 3D printing enables satellite manufacturers to build rocket engines in shorter durations and will considerably reduce operational and launch costs. One of the leading companies, RocketLab has already developed an orbital launch vehicle named Electron rocket that will cut the cost and time to launch satellites into space. According to the company, the Electron rocket will lower launch costs by almost 95% and reduce the launch time of a satellite from years to weeks. Competitive landscape and key vendors The 3D printing in low-cost satellite market is characterized by the presence of global, regional, and local vendors. With all the players competing to gain the maximum revenue shares, the market appears to be highly-competitive. The vendors in the market compete based on cost, product quality, reliability, and aftermarket service. To survive and succeed in this intensely competitive market, vendors have the need to provide advanced and high-quality 3D-printed low-cost satellite systems. The leading vendors in the market are – – Airbus – Boeing – Lockheed Martin – Stratasys The other prominent vendors in the market are Aerojet Rocketdyne and ExOne. Segmentation by satellite part and analysis of the 3D printing in low-cost satellite market – Antenna – Framework – Propulsion system During 2016, the propulsion system segment accounted for the major shares of the 3D printing in low-cost satellite market. The utilization of these systems in commercial, military, and civil satellites will be the major factor fueling the growth of this market segment. Key questions answered in the report include – What will the market size and the growth rate be in 2021? – What are the key factors driving the global 3D printing in low-cost satellite market? – What are the key market trends impacting the growth of the global 3D printing in low-cost satellite market? – What are the challenges to market growth? – Who are the key vendors in the global 3D printing in low-cost satellite market? – What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the vendors in the global 3D printing in low-cost satellite market? – Trending factors influencing the market shares of the Americas, APAC, and EMEA. – What are the key outcomes of the five forces analysis of the global 3D printing in low-cost satellite market? About ResearchMoz ResearchMoz is the world’s fastest growing collection of market research reports worldwide. Our database is composed of current market studies from over 100 featured publishers worldwide. Our market research databases integrate statistics with analysis from global, regional, country and company perspectives. ResearchMoz’s service portfolio also includes value-added services such as market research customization, competitive landscaping, and in-depth surveys, delivered by a team of experienced Research Coordinators. Contact Us: Mr. Nachiket Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-621-2074 Tel: 866-997-4948 (Us-Canada Toll Free) Email: sales@researchmoz.us Follow us on LinkedIn at: http://bit.ly/1TBmnVG CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Smart Weapons Market 2017 – Market Will Grow Steadily at a CAGR of More Than 5% by 2021 Next PostNext How did dinosaurs ‘proto fly’? Possibly like this Search Recent Posts Car Amplifiers Market Size (Value), Growth, Share, Trends, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Concrete Mixers Market United States: Report Focused on Top Manufacturers, Developments & Growth By 2022 Double Edges Blade Market in Europe Report 2022: Present Scenario for Business Opportunities, Drivers and Trends Double Edges Blade Market in Europe Report 2022: Present Scenario for Business Opportunities, Drivers and Trends Waste Water SCADA Market : Emerging Market Trends, Size, Share and Growth Analysis RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Log In 1 of 3 Premium Clicks used this month Print + Online Subscriber Activation Register Subscribe News Sports Tempo Life Obituaries E-Edition Autos Jobs Real Estate Classifieds Subscribe log in Million Air to build 35,000-square-foot hangar Monday Jun 12, 2017 at 3:18 PM Jun 13, 2017 at 6:55 AM Greg Stiles Mail Tribune @GregMTBusiness Private Boeing 737s and other large corporate airplanes parked on the Medford airport tarmac will soon have a hangar of their own. Million Air Medford, which caters to business and leisure clients, is poised to build a $5 million, 35,000-square-foot hangar just west of the control tower. Crews demolished the old, 1940s-era former Jet Center and Southern Oregon Airways office building and hangar earlier this month, clearing the way for what will be among the largest hangars in the state. "It's lower than the tower, but it will throw a pretty big shadow," said Joe Keith, Million Air Medford president. Ground-breaking is scheduled later this month, with completion expected in October or November. The project will give Million Air 75,000 square feet spread over four buildings. At present, the largest building is 25,000 square feet with a 28-foot-high door. The new hangar will have a ceiling apex of 68 feet and a 45-foot-high door and handle two 737s, side by side. Million Air has planned to build the hangar since 2009, Keith said. "We've been looking at it for a long time," Keith said. "We purchased the Jet Center buildings by the tower with the intent to ultimately build a hangar. Unfortunately, the cost of the building has been an issue." Because the hangar will be a garage for airplanes, rather than a maintenance facility, the fixed-base operator was able to avoid the additional cost of foam fire protection, which would have added about $1.5 million to the project. "That would have pushed it out of the realm," Keith said. "But with the optimism in the economy and a discovering a new technology, we can build, and do it on a budget we can get a return on the investment. Britespan Fabric Buildings USA of Murrieta, California, is erecting the hangar. The firm has built hangars for Boeing in Everett and Seattle. "It's a cost-effective and attractive building that lasts a long time," Keith said. "The fabric has to be replaced in 30 years, but that's built into the cost." Million Air Medford is one of 30 global franchises, including Beijing and Cartagena, Colombia, handling ground service for general aviation. Many customers fly in on business, while other pilots fly in for the Oregon Shakespeare Festival or wine tasting. Demand has risen since the former Medford Air facility across the tarmac to the north was acquired in 2013 by helicopter manufacturer and air-crane operator Erickson Inc. "There are plenty of people wanting space, but we can't get them in," Keith said. "There are very few times since Medford Air closed where there weren't more planes than space. You can probably get three big planes — Gulf Streams, Bombardiers or Boeings — in there at once." The largest hangars in the state are owned by the Air National Guard in Portland, the old Evergreen helicopter site out of Portland and an air museum in Tillamook. "The Portland area is really our competitor, because there are really no big hangars anywhere in Oregon," Keith said. "If we have hangar space, (companies such as) NetJets and Flexjet will pay for it." — Reach reporter Greg Stiles at 541-776-4463 or business@mailtribune.com. Follow him on Twitter at www.twitter.com/GregMTBusiness, on Facebook at www.facebook.com/greg.stiles.31. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services My Profile Reader Services Subscriptions Subscriber controls Contact us Submissions Photos Events Letters to the editor Corrections Announcements Obituaries Story ideas Since you asked Alerts Email Alerts RSS Feeds Text Alerts Advertise Media Kit Home Products and services Ad rates Advertising contacts Mail Tribune Daily Tidings The Nickel Shop Our Valley Blogs Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. MailTribune.com ~ P.O. Box 1108, Medford, OR 97501 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Crime, Courts and Emergency Services Education Environment State News Obituaries Weather Photo Galleries Politics and Elections Since You Asked Mail Tribune 100 Shareable Databases Sports College Sports Pro Sports Community Sports Prep Notebook Auto Racing Obituaries Business Real Estate News People In Business Transportation Agriculture Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Guest Opinions Lifestyle Food Home and Garden Health Hiking Biking Faith Milestones and Achievements Columnist for a Day Rogue Healthy Aging Tempo Theater Music Community Events Movies Dining More Photos Videos Calendar Blogs TV Listings Movie Listings Oregon Outdoors Oregon Healthy Living Special Sections Contests Branded Content Submit Your Announcements Subscriber My Profile E-Edition Subscriber controls Subscribe Email Alerts Text Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Limelight Deals Advertising contacts Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications SUBSCRIBE TODAY Choose the plan that’s right for you. Digital access or digital and print delivery. Learn More
Log In 1 of 3 Premium Clicks used this month Print + Online Subscriber Activation Register Subscribe News Sports Tempo Life Obituaries E-Edition Autos Jobs Real Estate Classifieds Subscribe log in Million Air to build 35,000-square-foot hangar Monday Jun 12, 2017 at 3:18 PM Jun 13, 2017 at 6:55 AM Greg Stiles Mail Tribune @GregMTBusiness Private Boeing 737s and other large corporate airplanes parked on the Medford airport tarmac will soon have a hangar of their own. Million Air Medford, which caters to business and leisure clients, is poised to build a $5 million, 35,000-square-foot hangar just west of the control tower. Crews demolished the old, 1940s-era former Jet Center and Southern Oregon Airways office building and hangar earlier this month, clearing the way for what will be among the largest hangars in the state. "It's lower than the tower, but it will throw a pretty big shadow," said Joe Keith, Million Air Medford president. Ground-breaking is scheduled later this month, with completion expected in October or November. The project will give Million Air 75,000 square feet spread over four buildings. At present, the largest building is 25,000 square feet with a 28-foot-high door. The new hangar will have a ceiling apex of 68 feet and a 45-foot-high door and handle two 737s, side by side. Million Air has planned to build the hangar since 2009, Keith said. "We've been looking at it for a long time," Keith said. "We purchased the Jet Center buildings by the tower with the intent to ultimately build a hangar. Unfortunately, the cost of the building has been an issue." Because the hangar will be a garage for airplanes, rather than a maintenance facility, the fixed-base operator was able to avoid the additional cost of foam fire protection, which would have added about $1.5 million to the project. "That would have pushed it out of the realm," Keith said. "But with the optimism in the economy and a discovering a new technology, we can build, and do it on a budget we can get a return on the investment. Britespan Fabric Buildings USA of Murrieta, California, is erecting the hangar. The firm has built hangars for Boeing in Everett and Seattle. "It's a cost-effective and attractive building that lasts a long time," Keith said. "The fabric has to be replaced in 30 years, but that's built into the cost." Million Air Medford is one of 30 global franchises, including Beijing and Cartagena, Colombia, handling ground service for general aviation. Many customers fly in on business, while other pilots fly in for the Oregon Shakespeare Festival or wine tasting. Demand has risen since the former Medford Air facility across the tarmac to the north was acquired in 2013 by helicopter manufacturer and air-crane operator Erickson Inc. "There are plenty of people wanting space, but we can't get them in," Keith said. "There are very few times since Medford Air closed where there weren't more planes than space. You can probably get three big planes — Gulf Streams, Bombardiers or Boeings — in there at once." The largest hangars in the state are owned by the Air National Guard in Portland, the old Evergreen helicopter site out of Portland and an air museum in Tillamook. "The Portland area is really our competitor, because there are really no big hangars anywhere in Oregon," Keith said. "If we have hangar space, (companies such as) NetJets and Flexjet will pay for it." — Reach reporter Greg Stiles at 541-776-4463 or business@mailtribune.com. Follow him on Twitter at www.twitter.com/GregMTBusiness, on Facebook at www.facebook.com/greg.stiles.31. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services My Profile Reader Services Subscriptions Subscriber controls Contact us Submissions Photos Events Letters to the editor Corrections Announcements Obituaries Story ideas Since you asked Alerts Email Alerts RSS Feeds Text Alerts Advertise Media Kit Home Products and services Ad rates Advertising contacts Mail Tribune Daily Tidings The Nickel Shop Our Valley Blogs Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. MailTribune.com ~ P.O. Box 1108, Medford, OR 97501 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Crime, Courts and Emergency Services Education Environment State News Obituaries Weather Photo Galleries Politics and Elections Since You Asked Mail Tribune 100 Shareable Databases Sports College Sports Pro Sports Community Sports Prep Notebook Auto Racing Obituaries Business Real Estate News People In Business Transportation Agriculture Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Guest Opinions Lifestyle Food Home and Garden Health Hiking Biking Faith Milestones and Achievements Columnist for a Day Rogue Healthy Aging Tempo Theater Music Community Events Movies Dining More Photos Videos Calendar Blogs TV Listings Movie Listings Oregon Outdoors Oregon Healthy Living Special Sections Contests Branded Content Submit Your Announcements Subscriber My Profile E-Edition Subscriber controls Subscribe Email Alerts Text Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Limelight Deals Advertising contacts Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications SUBSCRIBE TODAY Choose the plan that’s right for you. Digital access or digital and print delivery. Learn More
<iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KX9ZXT" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe> Putin believes Trump’s victory proves that US voters are longing for change Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 16, 8:30 Putin’s Q&A session: a 'nationwide book of complaints' Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 16, 8:07 Trump puzzled by media hype over his ‘non-dealings’ with Russia World June 16, 7:48 Construction of first nuclear power plant in Turkey to begin in 2018 Business & Economy June 16, 6:28 St Isaac’s Cathedral museum in St Petersburg gets new director Society & Culture June 16, 2:34 Direct Line with the president: Putin answers questions on Russia's foreign policy Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 15, 21:01 Russian Central Bank plans to hold meeting on monetary policy Business & Economy June 15, 19:54 US Congress introduces new sanctions against Russia World June 15, 19:19 Putin comments on plans to build bridge to Sakhalin Island Business & Economy June 15, 18:48 {{element.title}} {{element.heading}} {{element.date}} Back to Main page Back to Main page Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Tags Media Press Releases Infographics Select the city Moscow St.-Petersburg Novosibirsk Ekaterinburg Nizhny Novgorod Samara Kazan Omsk Chelyabinsk Rostov-on-Don Ufa Volgograd Perm Krasnoyarsk Voronezh Currency converter USD EUR GBP CHF JPY CNY Back to Currency converter Exchange rate USD → RUR Сurrency Converter History course Please enter an amount Amount: From: ↔ To: Exchange rate on: 16.06.2017 15.06.2017 14.06.2017 13.06.2017 12.06.2017 11.06.2017 10.06.2017 ^ News Feed Sections Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review More Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review All news News Feed News Search Topics All Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review ОК Use filter You can filter your feed, by choosing only interesting sections. Go to Search More news Netherlands leaves Donetsk republic's proposal to take away Boeing fragments uncommented World September 21, 2015, 21:11 UTC+3 THE HAGUE The Dutch Safety Board has no right to reveal information on the fragments or any contacts made while the investigation was still underway Share 1 pages in this article © TASS/Mikhail Sokolov THE HAGUE, September 21 /TASS/. The Netherlands has refused to comment a proposal of the acting chief prosecutor of the self-proclaimed Donetsk People’s Republic (DPR) that the Dutch side take away the Boeing fragments, which have recently been collected in Ukraine. Sara Ferna, a spokesperson for the Dutch Safety Board, told TASS on Monday that the board had no right to reveal information on the fragments or any contacts made while the investigation was still underway. She confirmed that a report on the MH17 crash would be published on October 13 as planned having excluded any possibility to postpone the date in connection with the newly emerged piece of material evidence. The Dutch Prosecutor’s Office, which is coordinating the operations of the Joint Investigative Group, has had no reaction to the newly appeared facts so far. Read also DPR prosecutor’s office asks Netherlands to remove all remaining MH17 debris Russia denied participation in investigation of MH17 crash — foreign ministry Lavrov: Criminal probe into MH17 crash in Ukraine not UN Security Council business No damage agents found on MH17 crash site in east Ukraine— DPR prosecutors No Buk missile fragments found at MH17 crash site in Ukraine — DPR envoy Last week, Andrey Spivak, the acting chief prosecutor of the self-proclaimed Donetsk People’s Republic (DPR), has sent a letter to Dutch Chief Prosecutor Fred Westerbeke requesting him to send representatives of the Joint Investigative Group to the crash site and officially accept the 2,500 recently found Malaysian Boeing fragments. Spivak noted that unidentified persons who introduced themselves to be OSCE employees were trying to confiscate the fragments, even from the local residents, without authorization, with an aim to secretly take them out of Ukraine. "It is absolutely clear that the attempts of the unknown persons could be aimed at replacing or scrapping the fragments, a vital material evidence in the MH17 case, which can be used to falsify the whole investigation," Spivak said. The Boeing 777-200ER passenger plane which was on an MH17 flight from Amsterdam /the Netherlands/ to Kuala Lumpur /Malaysia/ crashed in the east of Ukraine’s Donetsk region on July 17, 2014. The Boeing’s 283 passengers and 15 crew members - the citizens of 10 countries - died in the crash. According to the main version, a surface-to-air or an air-to-air missile downed the plane. The Ukrainian authorities and the militias of the self-proclaimed Donetsk People’s Republic accused each other of the crash. On July 21, the UN Security Council demanded an all-round and independent investigation into the MH17 crash. Representatives of the Russian Foreign Ministry have repeatedly said they are dissatisfied with how the investigation has been going on. {{item.group_date}} {{item.suffix?", "+item.suffix:""}} Show more Share Topics Boeing 777 crash in Ukraine Top News June 16, 8:30 Putin believes Trump’s victory proves that US voters are longing for change June 16, 8:30 June 16, 7:48 Trump puzzled by media hype over his ‘non-dealings’ with Russia June 16, 7:48 June 16, 8:07 Putin’s Q&A session: a 'nationwide book of complaints' June 16, 8:07 June 15, 18:27 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry June 15, 18:27 In other media Реклама Photo 7 Seven killed in attack on Iranian parliament — media 11 Kabul terror attack aftermath 10 China's Dragon Boat festival in pictures Infographics Russia's gas pipelines to Europe by 2018 The US and Ukraine voted against the UN resolution condemning the glorification of Nazism Opium production in Afghanistan over 20 years The Eurasian Economic Union starts its work Most read Now Today This week 1 Russian missile carriers fly over Baltic Sea with NATO fighter aircraft 2 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 3 US Congress introduces new sanctions against Russia 4 Russian Foreign Minsitry comments on India-Pakistan disoute over Kashmir 5 World's most influential journals for 2017 unveiled in the Journal Citation Reports 6 Russian, Indian defense ministers to meet next week 7 Germany’s football squad arrives in Sochi for 2017 FIFA Confederations Cup 1 Putin ready to provide political asylum to former FBI director 2 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 3 Russian missile carriers fly over Baltic Sea with NATO fighter aircraft 4 Austria, Germany castigate US plans to impose new sanctions on Russia 5 Putin not surprised at US Senate's crusade to tighten sanctions against Russia 6 World's most influential journals for 2017 unveiled in the Journal Citation Reports 7 Putin's annual Q&A session 1 Putin ready to provide political asylum to former FBI director 2 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 3 Russia’s modernized strategic bombers to get protection from all types of missiles 4 Russia tests cruise missile defense systems 5 Putin notes Washington planned to use terrorists to destabilize Russia 6 Austria, Germany castigate US plans to impose new sanctions on Russia 7 US-led coalition colluding with IS instead of fighting terrorism — Defense Ministry TOP STORIES CONFLICT IN SYRIA RUSSIA'S DEFENSE INDUSTRY OIL& GAS INDUSTRY SPACE PROGRAMS Реклама News Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Sections Tags Media Press Releases Infographics About us TASS TODAY AGENCY NEWS TASS HISTORY MANAGEMENT CONTACTS Services TASS-PHOTO TASS-ONLINE TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age. © 2017 TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age.
<iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KX9ZXT" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe> Putin believes Trump’s victory proves that US voters are longing for change Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 16, 8:30 Putin’s Q&A session: a 'nationwide book of complaints' Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 16, 8:07 Trump puzzled by media hype over his ‘non-dealings’ with Russia World June 16, 7:48 Construction of first nuclear power plant in Turkey to begin in 2018 Business & Economy June 16, 6:28 St Isaac’s Cathedral museum in St Petersburg gets new director Society & Culture June 16, 2:34 Direct Line with the president: Putin answers questions on Russia's foreign policy Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 15, 21:01 Russian Central Bank plans to hold meeting on monetary policy Business & Economy June 15, 19:54 US Congress introduces new sanctions against Russia World June 15, 19:19 Putin comments on plans to build bridge to Sakhalin Island Business & Economy June 15, 18:48 {{element.title}} {{element.heading}} {{element.date}} Back to Main page Back to Main page Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Tags Media Press Releases Infographics Select the city Moscow St.-Petersburg Novosibirsk Ekaterinburg Nizhny Novgorod Samara Kazan Omsk Chelyabinsk Rostov-on-Don Ufa Volgograd Perm Krasnoyarsk Voronezh Currency converter USD EUR GBP CHF JPY CNY Back to Currency converter Exchange rate USD → RUR Сurrency Converter History course Please enter an amount Amount: From: ↔ To: Exchange rate on: 16.06.2017 15.06.2017 14.06.2017 13.06.2017 12.06.2017 11.06.2017 10.06.2017 ^ News Feed Sections Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review More Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review All news News Feed News Search Topics All Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review ОК Use filter You can filter your feed, by choosing only interesting sections. Go to Search More news Source: results of investigation into Boeing crash in Ukraine to be discussed at UN World September 30, 2015, 8:06 UTC+3 NEW YORK The source said the report will be most likely "presented by the U.S. delegation" Share 1 pages in this article © AP Photo/Sergei Grits NEW YORK, September 30. /TASS/. The investigation report, which the Netherlands will present in middle of October, on results of the criminal investigation into the crash of Malaysian Boeing in Ukraine, will be later presented to the UN Security Council. A week later, the Security Council will have a closed meeting to discuss the report, a source told TASS after participation in talks featuring leaders of Australia, Belgium, Malaysia, the Netherlands and Ukraine in New York. The source said the report will be most likely "presented by the U.S. delegation." There is no information as to whether any actions may follow the discussion. Earlier press service of the Ukrainian president said at the meeting of the so-called group on the investigation into the crash, the countries agreed on "further coordination and joint work with the objective to punish the responsible of the tragedy with the plane of Malaysian Airlines." "The Holland side said presentation of the international investigation’s results is due on October 15." This information was put on the Ukrainian president’s site. At the same time, right now the site quotes a different date - October 13. The Boeing 777-200 of the Malaysia Airlines en route from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur crashed on July 17 in Ukraine's eastern Donetsk Region, some 60 km from the Russian border, in the zone of combat operations between the Donetsk self-defence forces and the Ukrainian army. All the passengers and crewmembers aboard the aircraft - 298 people from ten countries - died. Two-thirds of the passengers - 196 people - were Dutch citizens. On July 21, 2014 the UN Security Council demanded a thorough and unbiased investigation. In early September, the Dutch Safety Board said in its preliminary report that the MH17 flight broke up in the air probably as the result of structural damage caused by a large number of high-energy objects that penetrated the aircraft from outside. A surface-to-air or air-to-air missile that allegedly hit the plane is considered the biggest factor behind the crash. Kiev authorities and militias of the self-proclaimed Donetsk People’s Republic have blamed each other for shooting down the airliner. {{item.group_date}} {{item.suffix?", "+item.suffix:""}} Show more Share Top News June 16, 8:30 Putin believes Trump’s victory proves that US voters are longing for change June 16, 8:30 June 16, 7:48 Trump puzzled by media hype over his ‘non-dealings’ with Russia June 16, 7:48 June 16, 8:07 Putin’s Q&A session: a 'nationwide book of complaints' June 16, 8:07 June 15, 18:27 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry June 15, 18:27 In other media Реклама Photo 7 Seven killed in attack on Iranian parliament — media 11 Kabul terror attack aftermath 10 China's Dragon Boat festival in pictures Infographics Russia's gas pipelines to Europe by 2018 The US and Ukraine voted against the UN resolution condemning the glorification of Nazism Opium production in Afghanistan over 20 years The Eurasian Economic Union starts its work Most read Now Today This week 1 Russian missile carriers fly over Baltic Sea with NATO fighter aircraft 2 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 3 US Congress introduces new sanctions against Russia 4 Russian Foreign Minsitry comments on India-Pakistan disoute over Kashmir 5 World's most influential journals for 2017 unveiled in the Journal Citation Reports 6 Russian, Indian defense ministers to meet next week 7 Germany’s football squad arrives in Sochi for 2017 FIFA Confederations Cup 1 Putin ready to provide political asylum to former FBI director 2 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 3 Russian missile carriers fly over Baltic Sea with NATO fighter aircraft 4 Austria, Germany castigate US plans to impose new sanctions on Russia 5 Putin not surprised at US Senate's crusade to tighten sanctions against Russia 6 World's most influential journals for 2017 unveiled in the Journal Citation Reports 7 Putin's annual Q&A session 1 Putin ready to provide political asylum to former FBI director 2 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 3 Russia’s modernized strategic bombers to get protection from all types of missiles 4 Russia tests cruise missile defense systems 5 Putin notes Washington planned to use terrorists to destabilize Russia 6 Austria, Germany castigate US plans to impose new sanctions on Russia 7 US-led coalition colluding with IS instead of fighting terrorism — Defense Ministry TOP STORIES CONFLICT IN SYRIA RUSSIA'S DEFENSE INDUSTRY OIL& GAS INDUSTRY SPACE PROGRAMS Реклама News Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Sections Tags Media Press Releases Infographics About us TASS TODAY AGENCY NEWS TASS HISTORY MANAGEMENT CONTACTS Services TASS-PHOTO TASS-ONLINE TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age. © 2017 TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age.
<iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KX9ZXT" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe> Putin believes Trump’s victory proves that US voters are longing for change Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 16, 8:30 Putin’s Q&A session: a 'nationwide book of complaints' Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 16, 8:07 Trump puzzled by media hype over his ‘non-dealings’ with Russia World June 16, 7:48 Construction of first nuclear power plant in Turkey to begin in 2018 Business & Economy June 16, 6:28 St Isaac’s Cathedral museum in St Petersburg gets new director Society & Culture June 16, 2:34 Direct Line with the president: Putin answers questions on Russia's foreign policy Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 15, 21:01 Russian Central Bank plans to hold meeting on monetary policy Business & Economy June 15, 19:54 US Congress introduces new sanctions against Russia World June 15, 19:19 Putin comments on plans to build bridge to Sakhalin Island Business & Economy June 15, 18:48 {{element.title}} {{element.heading}} {{element.date}} Back to Main page Back to Main page Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Tags Media Press Releases Infographics Select the city Moscow St.-Petersburg Novosibirsk Ekaterinburg Nizhny Novgorod Samara Kazan Omsk Chelyabinsk Rostov-on-Don Ufa Volgograd Perm Krasnoyarsk Voronezh Currency converter USD EUR GBP CHF JPY CNY Back to Currency converter Exchange rate USD → RUR Сurrency Converter History course Please enter an amount Amount: From: ↔ To: Exchange rate on: 16.06.2017 15.06.2017 14.06.2017 13.06.2017 12.06.2017 11.06.2017 10.06.2017 ^ News Feed Sections Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review More Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review All news News Feed News Search Topics All Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review ОК Use filter You can filter your feed, by choosing only interesting sections. Go to Search More news Experts from Netherlands come to Boeing crash site in east Ukraine World September 28, 2015, 12:11 UTC+3 MOSCOW The final report on the investigation into the last July’s crash of Malaysian Airlines flight MH17 over eastern Ukraine will be published on October 13 Share 1 pages in this article © TASS/Mikhail Sokolov MOSCOW, September 28. /TASS/. A group of experts from the Netherlands came on Monday to the self-proclaimed Donetsk People’s Republic (DPR) to continue investigation into the crash of Malaysian Boeing, said Andrey Spivak, the republic’s acting prosecutor general. "The specialists have arrived in Donetsk now, and a meeting with them is scheduled for Tuesday," the Donetsk News Agency quoted him. Read also MH17 flight victims’ remains found in Ukraine International investigators in contact with Russia over MH17 flight crash in Ukraine No tribunal into MH17 crash possible without UN Security Council — Russian diplomat Final report on MH17 crash probe to be published Oct 13 No damage agents found on MH17 crash site in east Ukraine— DPR prosecutors No Buk missile fragments found at MH17 crash site in Ukraine — DPR envoy The Boeing 777-200 of the Malaysia Airlines en route from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur crashed on July 17 in Ukraine's eastern Donetsk Region, some 60 km from the Russian border, in the zone of combat operations between the Donetsk self-defence forces and the Ukrainian army. All the passengers and crewmembers aboard the aircraft - 298 people from ten countries - died. Two-thirds of the passengers - 196 people - were Dutch citizens. On July 21, 2014 the UN Security Council demanded a thorough and unbiased investigation. In early September, the Dutch Safety Board said in its preliminary report that the MH17 flight broke up in the air probably as the result of structural damage caused by a large number of high-energy objects that penetrated the aircraft from outside. A surface-to-air missile that allegedly hit the plane is considered the biggest factor behind the crash. Kiev authorities and militias of the self-proclaimed Donetsk People’s Republic have blamed each other for shooting down the airliner. The final report on the investigation into the last July’s crash of Malaysian Airlines flight MH17 over eastern Ukraine will be published on October 13. {{item.group_date}} {{item.suffix?", "+item.suffix:""}} Show more Share Topics Boeing 777 crash in Ukraine Top News June 16, 8:30 Putin believes Trump’s victory proves that US voters are longing for change June 16, 8:30 June 16, 7:48 Trump puzzled by media hype over his ‘non-dealings’ with Russia June 16, 7:48 June 16, 8:07 Putin’s Q&A session: a 'nationwide book of complaints' June 16, 8:07 June 15, 18:27 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry June 15, 18:27 In other media Реклама Photo 7 Seven killed in attack on Iranian parliament — media 11 Kabul terror attack aftermath 10 China's Dragon Boat festival in pictures Infographics Russia's gas pipelines to Europe by 2018 The US and Ukraine voted against the UN resolution condemning the glorification of Nazism Opium production in Afghanistan over 20 years The Eurasian Economic Union starts its work Most read Now Today This week 1 Russian missile carriers fly over Baltic Sea with NATO fighter aircraft 2 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 3 US Congress introduces new sanctions against Russia 4 Russian Foreign Minsitry comments on India-Pakistan disoute over Kashmir 5 World's most influential journals for 2017 unveiled in the Journal Citation Reports 6 Russian, Indian defense ministers to meet next week 7 Germany’s football squad arrives in Sochi for 2017 FIFA Confederations Cup 1 Putin ready to provide political asylum to former FBI director 2 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 3 Russian missile carriers fly over Baltic Sea with NATO fighter aircraft 4 Austria, Germany castigate US plans to impose new sanctions on Russia 5 Putin not surprised at US Senate's crusade to tighten sanctions against Russia 6 World's most influential journals for 2017 unveiled in the Journal Citation Reports 7 Putin's annual Q&A session 1 Putin ready to provide political asylum to former FBI director 2 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 3 Russia’s modernized strategic bombers to get protection from all types of missiles 4 Russia tests cruise missile defense systems 5 Putin notes Washington planned to use terrorists to destabilize Russia 6 Austria, Germany castigate US plans to impose new sanctions on Russia 7 US-led coalition colluding with IS instead of fighting terrorism — Defense Ministry TOP STORIES CONFLICT IN SYRIA RUSSIA'S DEFENSE INDUSTRY OIL& GAS INDUSTRY SPACE PROGRAMS Реклама News Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Sections Tags Media Press Releases Infographics About us TASS TODAY AGENCY NEWS TASS HISTORY MANAGEMENT CONTACTS Services TASS-PHOTO TASS-ONLINE TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age. © 2017 TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age.
<iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KX9ZXT" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe> Putin believes Trump’s victory proves that US voters are longing for change Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 16, 8:30 Putin’s Q&A session: a 'nationwide book of complaints' Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 16, 8:07 Trump puzzled by media hype over his ‘non-dealings’ with Russia World June 16, 7:48 Construction of first nuclear power plant in Turkey to begin in 2018 Business & Economy June 16, 6:28 St Isaac’s Cathedral museum in St Petersburg gets new director Society & Culture June 16, 2:34 Direct Line with the president: Putin answers questions on Russia's foreign policy Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 15, 21:01 Russian Central Bank plans to hold meeting on monetary policy Business & Economy June 15, 19:54 US Congress introduces new sanctions against Russia World June 15, 19:19 Putin comments on plans to build bridge to Sakhalin Island Business & Economy June 15, 18:48 {{element.title}} {{element.heading}} {{element.date}} Back to Main page Back to Main page Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Tags Media Press Releases Infographics Select the city Moscow St.-Petersburg Novosibirsk Ekaterinburg Nizhny Novgorod Samara Kazan Omsk Chelyabinsk Rostov-on-Don Ufa Volgograd Perm Krasnoyarsk Voronezh Currency converter USD EUR GBP CHF JPY CNY Back to Currency converter Exchange rate USD → RUR Сurrency Converter History course Please enter an amount Amount: From: ↔ To: Exchange rate on: 16.06.2017 15.06.2017 14.06.2017 13.06.2017 12.06.2017 11.06.2017 10.06.2017 ^ News Feed Sections Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review More Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review All news News Feed News Search Topics All Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review ОК Use filter You can filter your feed, by choosing only interesting sections. Go to Search More news Dutch report conclusions on MH17 crash contradict Russian missiles manufacturer’s findings World October 13, 2015, 16:27 UTC+3 GILZE RIJEN According to a report presented by Dutch Security Council Chairman Tibbe Joustra, the Malaysian airliner was hit by a missile with the 9H314M warhead Share 1 pages in this article © AP Photo/Evgeniy Maloletka Read also Experts say MH17 might have been downed by Ukraine GILZE RIJEN /Netherlands/, October 13. /TASS/. The Dutch Security Council has published the results of its probe into the MH17 crash in east Ukraine last year and its results contradict the findings announced by the Russian antiaircraft missile system manufacturer Almaz-Antey on Tuesday. According to a report presented by Dutch Security Council Chairman Tibbe Joustra, the Malaysian airliner was hit by a missile with the 9H314M warhead. Meanwhile, Almaz-Antey showed on Tuesday that the Boeing had been shot down by an older missile modification with different striking elements. Almaz-Antey CEO Yan Novikov said on Tuesday the results of the mathematical modelling of the airliner crash showed H-or butterfly-shaped striking elements on the Boeing. However, Russia’s current Buk antiaircraft missile systems are not fitted out with such striking elements. These butterfly-shaped elements that left the traces of holes in the plane’s fuselage were supplied only for the older Buk versions now operational only with the Ukrainian army. Read also Russian missile maker hands over data of first field experiment to MH17 commission Russian missile maker traces site of missile launch against flight MH17 with 4 km accuracy MH17 probe results to be invalid without Russia’s data — experts Moscow regrets some facts submitted by Russia when investigating MH17 crash not considered Russia having doubts about Dutch experts investigating MH 17 tragedy "it became absolutely clear as a result of the experiments that if the Malaysian Boeing was hit by a missile from the Buk-M1 system, this could be only the 9M38 missile of the older modification compared with the 9M38M1 missile that has no H-shaped striking elements," Novikov said, following the results of the MH17 crash modelling. The head of the Dutch Security Council also said that the plane had crashed due to an explosion to the left of the pilots’ cockpit. However, Almaz-Antey’s own investigation of the MH17 crash and full-scale experiments fully reject these findings. If the missile had been launched from the Snezhnoye community controlled by the militia of the Donetsk People’s Republic, the plane would have been hit on its right and not left side. "This radically differs from what we saw on the Malaysian Boeing," adviser to the Almaz-Antey general designer Mikhail Malyshevsky said earlier on Tuesday. The plane’s damage on its left side testifies that it was hit by a missile launched from the Zaroshchenskoye community controlled by the Ukrainian military, he said. {{item.group_date}} {{item.suffix?", "+item.suffix:""}} Show more Share Topics Boeing 777 crash in Ukraine Top News June 16, 8:30 Putin believes Trump’s victory proves that US voters are longing for change June 16, 8:30 June 16, 7:48 Trump puzzled by media hype over his ‘non-dealings’ with Russia June 16, 7:48 June 16, 8:07 Putin’s Q&A session: a 'nationwide book of complaints' June 16, 8:07 June 15, 18:27 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry June 15, 18:27 In other media Реклама Photo 7 Seven killed in attack on Iranian parliament — media 11 Kabul terror attack aftermath 10 China's Dragon Boat festival in pictures Infographics Russia's gas pipelines to Europe by 2018 The US and Ukraine voted against the UN resolution condemning the glorification of Nazism Opium production in Afghanistan over 20 years The Eurasian Economic Union starts its work Most read Now Today This week 1 Russian missile carriers fly over Baltic Sea with NATO fighter aircraft 2 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 3 US Congress introduces new sanctions against Russia 4 Russian Foreign Minsitry comments on India-Pakistan disoute over Kashmir 5 World's most influential journals for 2017 unveiled in the Journal Citation Reports 6 Russian, Indian defense ministers to meet next week 7 Germany’s football squad arrives in Sochi for 2017 FIFA Confederations Cup 1 Putin ready to provide political asylum to former FBI director 2 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 3 Russian missile carriers fly over Baltic Sea with NATO fighter aircraft 4 Austria, Germany castigate US plans to impose new sanctions on Russia 5 Putin not surprised at US Senate's crusade to tighten sanctions against Russia 6 World's most influential journals for 2017 unveiled in the Journal Citation Reports 7 Putin's annual Q&A session 1 Putin ready to provide political asylum to former FBI director 2 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 3 Russia’s modernized strategic bombers to get protection from all types of missiles 4 Russia tests cruise missile defense systems 5 Putin notes Washington planned to use terrorists to destabilize Russia 6 Austria, Germany castigate US plans to impose new sanctions on Russia 7 US-led coalition colluding with IS instead of fighting terrorism — Defense Ministry TOP STORIES CONFLICT IN SYRIA RUSSIA'S DEFENSE INDUSTRY OIL& GAS INDUSTRY SPACE PROGRAMS Реклама News Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Sections Tags Media Press Releases Infographics About us TASS TODAY AGENCY NEWS TASS HISTORY MANAGEMENT CONTACTS Services TASS-PHOTO TASS-ONLINE TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age. © 2017 TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age.
<iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KX9ZXT" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe> Putin believes Trump’s victory proves that US voters are longing for change Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 16, 8:30 Putin’s Q&A session: a 'nationwide book of complaints' Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 16, 8:07 Trump puzzled by media hype over his ‘non-dealings’ with Russia World June 16, 7:48 Construction of first nuclear power plant in Turkey to begin in 2018 Business & Economy June 16, 6:28 St Isaac’s Cathedral museum in St Petersburg gets new director Society & Culture June 16, 2:34 Direct Line with the president: Putin answers questions on Russia's foreign policy Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 15, 21:01 Russian Central Bank plans to hold meeting on monetary policy Business & Economy June 15, 19:54 US Congress introduces new sanctions against Russia World June 15, 19:19 Putin comments on plans to build bridge to Sakhalin Island Business & Economy June 15, 18:48 {{element.title}} {{element.heading}} {{element.date}} Back to Main page Back to Main page Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Tags Media Press Releases Infographics Select the city Moscow St.-Petersburg Novosibirsk Ekaterinburg Nizhny Novgorod Samara Kazan Omsk Chelyabinsk Rostov-on-Don Ufa Volgograd Perm Krasnoyarsk Voronezh Currency converter USD EUR GBP CHF JPY CNY Back to Currency converter Exchange rate USD → RUR Сurrency Converter History course Please enter an amount Amount: From: ↔ To: Exchange rate on: 16.06.2017 15.06.2017 14.06.2017 13.06.2017 12.06.2017 11.06.2017 10.06.2017 ^ News Feed Sections Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review More Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review All news News Feed News Search Topics All Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review ОК Use filter You can filter your feed, by choosing only interesting sections. Go to Search More news Malaysian experts to continue Boeing crash investigation in Ukraine World December 25, 2015, 8:58 UTC+3 KIEV Ukraine’s parliament has extended an agreement allowing them to continue investigating the Boeing crash in Donbas until August 2016 Share 1 pages in this article © AP Photo/Dmitry Lovetsky Read also Moscow: Main cause of MH17 crash is that Kiev did not close Ukraine’s airspace KIEV, December 25. /TASS/. Ukraine’s parliament has extended an agreement allowing Malaysian experts to continue investigating the Boeing crash in Donbas until August 2016. A total of 247 MPs voted in favor of the decision. The agreement was initially concluded until August 1, 2014. Malaysia’s authorities have allowed to extend it until August 18, 2016. On July 17, 2014, a Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777 passenger airliner on flight MH17 from the Dutch city of Amsterdam to the Malaysian capital of Kuala Lumpur crashed in the Donetsk region in eastern Ukraine, killing all 298 people on board. Most passengers — 193 people — were Dutch nationals. The strike of a ground-to-air or air-to-air missile was named as a possible cause of the crash. Ukraine’s authorities and the militia of the self-proclaimed Donetsk People’s Republic accused each other of the tragedy. This July, the United Nations Security Council called for holding a comprehensive and independent probe. Russia’s representatives have said on many occasions they are dissatisfied with how the investigation is being carried out and that the data presented by the Russian side are ignored. Read also Russia plans to ask The Netherlands to resume probe into MH17 crash Dutch-led commission for MH17 crash probe dishonestly used Almaz-Antey data — company Russia has lots of questions over MH17 crash that have no answers — Lavrov Ukraine's Donetsk republic slams Dutch experts’ conclusions on MH17 crash Russia asks ICAO to interfere with MH17 crash probe — aviation agency Russia strongly disagrees with Dutch probe into MH17 crash — aviation agency {{item.group_date}} {{item.suffix?", "+item.suffix:""}} Show more Share Topics Boeing 777 crash in Ukraine Top News June 16, 8:30 Putin believes Trump’s victory proves that US voters are longing for change June 16, 8:30 June 16, 7:48 Trump puzzled by media hype over his ‘non-dealings’ with Russia June 16, 7:48 June 16, 8:07 Putin’s Q&A session: a 'nationwide book of complaints' June 16, 8:07 June 15, 18:27 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry June 15, 18:27 In other media Реклама Photo 7 Seven killed in attack on Iranian parliament — media 11 Kabul terror attack aftermath 10 China's Dragon Boat festival in pictures Infographics Russia's gas pipelines to Europe by 2018 The US and Ukraine voted against the UN resolution condemning the glorification of Nazism Opium production in Afghanistan over 20 years The Eurasian Economic Union starts its work Most read Now Today This week 1 Russian missile carriers fly over Baltic Sea with NATO fighter aircraft 2 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 3 US Congress introduces new sanctions against Russia 4 Russian Foreign Minsitry comments on India-Pakistan disoute over Kashmir 5 World's most influential journals for 2017 unveiled in the Journal Citation Reports 6 Russian, Indian defense ministers to meet next week 7 Germany’s football squad arrives in Sochi for 2017 FIFA Confederations Cup 1 Putin ready to provide political asylum to former FBI director 2 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 3 Russian missile carriers fly over Baltic Sea with NATO fighter aircraft 4 Austria, Germany castigate US plans to impose new sanctions on Russia 5 Putin not surprised at US Senate's crusade to tighten sanctions against Russia 6 World's most influential journals for 2017 unveiled in the Journal Citation Reports 7 Putin's annual Q&A session 1 Putin ready to provide political asylum to former FBI director 2 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 3 Russia’s modernized strategic bombers to get protection from all types of missiles 4 Russia tests cruise missile defense systems 5 Putin notes Washington planned to use terrorists to destabilize Russia 6 Austria, Germany castigate US plans to impose new sanctions on Russia 7 US-led coalition colluding with IS instead of fighting terrorism — Defense Ministry TOP STORIES CONFLICT IN SYRIA RUSSIA'S DEFENSE INDUSTRY OIL& GAS INDUSTRY SPACE PROGRAMS Реклама News Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Sections Tags Media Press Releases Infographics About us TASS TODAY AGENCY NEWS TASS HISTORY MANAGEMENT CONTACTS Services TASS-PHOTO TASS-ONLINE TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age. © 2017 TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age.
<iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KX9ZXT" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe> Putin believes Trump’s victory proves that US voters are longing for change Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 16, 8:30 Putin’s Q&A session: a 'nationwide book of complaints' Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 16, 8:07 Trump puzzled by media hype over his ‘non-dealings’ with Russia World June 16, 7:48 Construction of first nuclear power plant in Turkey to begin in 2018 Business & Economy June 16, 6:28 St Isaac’s Cathedral museum in St Petersburg gets new director Society & Culture June 16, 2:34 Direct Line with the president: Putin answers questions on Russia's foreign policy Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 15, 21:01 Russian Central Bank plans to hold meeting on monetary policy Business & Economy June 15, 19:54 US Congress introduces new sanctions against Russia World June 15, 19:19 Putin comments on plans to build bridge to Sakhalin Island Business & Economy June 15, 18:48 {{element.title}} {{element.heading}} {{element.date}} Back to Main page Back to Main page Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Tags Media Press Releases Infographics Select the city Moscow St.-Petersburg Novosibirsk Ekaterinburg Nizhny Novgorod Samara Kazan Omsk Chelyabinsk Rostov-on-Don Ufa Volgograd Perm Krasnoyarsk Voronezh Currency converter USD EUR GBP CHF JPY CNY Back to Currency converter Exchange rate USD → RUR Сurrency Converter History course Please enter an amount Amount: From: ↔ To: Exchange rate on: 16.06.2017 15.06.2017 14.06.2017 13.06.2017 12.06.2017 11.06.2017 10.06.2017 ^ News Feed Sections Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review More Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review All news News Feed News Search Topics All Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review ОК Use filter You can filter your feed, by choosing only interesting sections. Go to Search More news Russia confirms readiness to assist thorough investigation of MH17 crash — federal agency Russian Politics & Diplomacy February 09, 2016, 14:51 UTC+3 Russia is prepared to provide once again all primary radar data it has for the investigation of the loss of the Malaysia’s Flight MH17, the deputy head of the Federal Agency for Air Transport said Share 1 pages in this article © EPA/ROBIN VAN LONKHUIJSEN More news on BOEING 777 CRASH IN DONBASS © Mikhail Pochuyev/TASS Human remains still at MH17 crash site — Dutch reporter Dutch minister doubts possibility to find human remains at MH17 crash site Analysis of Russian radars data on MH17 to take time — Dutch prosecutors Russia ready to continue cooperation with Dutch prosecutors on MH17 crash — ambassador MOSCOW, February 9. /TASS/. Moscow confirms readiness to assist thorough and immediate investigation of the MH17 crash in eastern Ukraine in July 2014, the deputy head of the Federal Agency for Air Transport (Rosaviatsiya), Oleg Sotrchevoy, said in reply to a message from relatives of victims of the air disaster, earlier sent to Russian President Vladimir Putin. The federal agency, known as Rosaviatsiya, officially represented Russia during the technical investigation of the circumstances of the Boeing crash in the sky over Ukraine. "First and foremost I would like to offer condolences once again over this terrible tragedy in which you lost your relatives and dear ones," Storhevoy wrote. "Russia is highly interested in establishing the real causes of what happened, and it keeps using all of its opportunities for the sake of establishing the truth, just as it has been doing throughout the period of technical investigation and after its official completion," he said. Russia calls on the relatives and friends of those killed in the crash to demand answers to the questions and also "maximum openness, objectiveness, accuracy and urgency in investigation" by the Dutch authorities and partners, Storhevoy said. "The Russian side, just as you, is interested in the fastest, most thorough and impartial investigation of this terrible tragedy," Storchevoy said. Russia is prepared to provide once again all primary radar data it has for the investigation of the loss of the Malaysia’s Flight MH17 over Ukraine,  Storchevoi said. "Russia back in August 2014, in other words, immediately after the disaster shared with the Dutch Safety Board all available primary radar data regarding Flight MH17… Russia still keeps these data and will be prepared to present them once again to the organizations of authority concerned," Storchevoi said. Storchevoi recalled that the radar data had been presented as a video, filmed from the screen of a Russian air traffic controller. "Russia keeps primary radar data exclusively in a video format, which does not contradict the standards of the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO). In the meantime, the DSB’s final report says nothing whether that somehow influenced the conclusions regarding the circumstances and causes of the MH17 disaster," Storchevoi said. In his message the senior Russian aviation official recalled that the Boeing liner was lost outside Russia’s airspace and beyond the zone of responsibility of Russian air traffic controllers. The interest towards Russian data developed because Russia’s radars near Rostov-on-Don registered the plane’s flight, and also because "the primary radar function of Ukrainian stations was turned off at the moment for some unclear reasons," Storchevoi said. The final report of the Dutch Safety Board on the MH17 airliner crash over Ukraine in 2014 says nothing about Kiev’s guilt for failing to close the country’s airspace during the armed conflict in the country, Russia’s Federal Air Transport Agency Deputy Head said. "Now about the quality of the technical investigation," Storchevoi said. "It should be noted that the final report completely inexplicably gives no answer to the main question: the extent of Ukraine’s guilt for failing to close its airspace and Kiev’s guilt in the final document is extremely vague." Gallery 11 photo © AP Photo/Lai Seng Sin, File MH17 Malaysia airlines plane crash chronicle On July 17, 2014, a Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777 passenger airliner on flight MH17 from the Dutch city of Amsterdam to the Malaysian capital of Kuala Lumpur crashed in the Donetsk region in eastern Ukraine, killing all 298 people on board. Most passengers - 193 people - were Dutch nationals. The strike of a ground-to-air or air-to-air missile was named as a possible cause of the crash. Ukraine’s authorities and the militia of the self-proclaimed Donetsk People’s Republic accused each other of the tragedy. This July, the United Nations Security Council called for holding a comprehensive and independent probe. Russia’s representatives have said on many occasions they are dissatisfied with how the investigation is being carried out and that the data presented by the Russian side are ignored. {{item.group_date}} {{item.suffix?", "+item.suffix:""}} Show more Share Top News June 16, 8:30 Putin believes Trump’s victory proves that US voters are longing for change June 16, 8:30 June 16, 7:48 Trump puzzled by media hype over his ‘non-dealings’ with Russia June 16, 7:48 June 16, 8:07 Putin’s Q&A session: a 'nationwide book of complaints' June 16, 8:07 June 15, 18:27 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry June 15, 18:27 In other media Реклама Photo 10 Russia's top diplomat Sergey Lavrov celebrates his birthday 3 Four Russians killed in Istanbul helicopter crash — Foreign Ministry 3 MP warns US deployment of THAAD system in South Korea jeopardizes Russia’s security Infographics Russia's gas pipelines to Europe by 2018 Russia’s state defense order in 2015 Chinese Lunar Exploration Program Russia’s Angara A5 heavy-load space carrier rocket Most read Now Today This week 1 Russian missile carriers fly over Baltic Sea with NATO fighter aircraft 2 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 3 US Congress introduces new sanctions against Russia 4 Russian Foreign Minsitry comments on India-Pakistan disoute over Kashmir 5 World's most influential journals for 2017 unveiled in the Journal Citation Reports 6 Russian, Indian defense ministers to meet next week 7 Germany’s football squad arrives in Sochi for 2017 FIFA Confederations Cup 1 Putin ready to provide political asylum to former FBI director 2 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 3 Russian missile carriers fly over Baltic Sea with NATO fighter aircraft 4 Austria, Germany castigate US plans to impose new sanctions on Russia 5 Putin not surprised at US Senate's crusade to tighten sanctions against Russia 6 World's most influential journals for 2017 unveiled in the Journal Citation Reports 7 Putin's annual Q&A session 1 Putin ready to provide political asylum to former FBI director 2 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 3 Russia’s modernized strategic bombers to get protection from all types of missiles 4 Russia tests cruise missile defense systems 5 Putin notes Washington planned to use terrorists to destabilize Russia 6 Austria, Germany castigate US plans to impose new sanctions on Russia 7 US-led coalition colluding with IS instead of fighting terrorism — Defense Ministry TOP STORIES CONFLICT IN SYRIA RUSSIA'S DEFENSE INDUSTRY OIL& GAS INDUSTRY SPACE PROGRAMS Реклама News Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Sections Tags Media Press Releases Infographics About us TASS TODAY AGENCY NEWS TASS HISTORY MANAGEMENT CONTACTS Services TASS-PHOTO TASS-ONLINE TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age. © 2017 TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age.
<iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KX9ZXT" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe> Putin believes Trump’s victory proves that US voters are longing for change Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 16, 8:30 Putin’s Q&A session: a 'nationwide book of complaints' Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 16, 8:07 Trump puzzled by media hype over his ‘non-dealings’ with Russia World June 16, 7:48 Construction of first nuclear power plant in Turkey to begin in 2018 Business & Economy June 16, 6:28 St Isaac’s Cathedral museum in St Petersburg gets new director Society & Culture June 16, 2:34 Direct Line with the president: Putin answers questions on Russia's foreign policy Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 15, 21:01 Russian Central Bank plans to hold meeting on monetary policy Business & Economy June 15, 19:54 US Congress introduces new sanctions against Russia World June 15, 19:19 Putin comments on plans to build bridge to Sakhalin Island Business & Economy June 15, 18:48 {{element.title}} {{element.heading}} {{element.date}} Back to Main page Back to Main page Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Tags Media Press Releases Infographics Select the city Moscow St.-Petersburg Novosibirsk Ekaterinburg Nizhny Novgorod Samara Kazan Omsk Chelyabinsk Rostov-on-Don Ufa Volgograd Perm Krasnoyarsk Voronezh Currency converter USD EUR GBP CHF JPY CNY Back to Currency converter Exchange rate USD → RUR Сurrency Converter History course Please enter an amount Amount: From: ↔ To: Exchange rate on: 16.06.2017 15.06.2017 14.06.2017 13.06.2017 12.06.2017 11.06.2017 10.06.2017 ^ News Feed Sections Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review More Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review All news News Feed News Search Topics All Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review ОК Use filter You can filter your feed, by choosing only interesting sections. Go to Search More news Russian lawmaker praises new BBC documantary on Boeing crash in Donbass Russian Politics & Diplomacy April 25, 2016, 10:58 UTC+3 MOSCOW Alexey Pushkov considers a new BBC documentary on the crash of Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 in eastern Ukraine in July 2014 capable of helping to shed light on the traged Share 1 pages in this article The site of the crash of Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777 © Zurab Javakhadze/TASS, archive MOSCOW, April 25. /TASS/. A senior Russian lawmaker considers a new BBC documentary on the crash of Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 in eastern Ukraine in July 2014 capable of helping to shed light on the tragedy. Read also Russian ministry calls distorting Bellingcat's probe into Boeing downed above Ukraine "There will be a BBC film that can bring closer the truth on the downed Boeing. The false masks start coming off," Alexey Pushkov, who chairs the lower house’s foreign affairs committee, wrote in his Twitter microblog. The documentary "Conspiracy Files: Who Shot Down MH17?" will be broadcast on BBC Two on May 3 at 9 p.m. local time (11 p.m. Moscow time). New evidence in the film suggests that the plane may have been downed by a Ukrainian fighter jet rather than a ground-to-air missile. A Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777 passenger airliner on flight MH17 from the Dutch city of Amsterdam to the Malaysian capital of Kuala Lumpur crashed in the Donetsk region in eastern Ukraine on July 17, 2014, killing all 298 people on board. Most passengers - 193 people - were Dutch nationals. {{item.group_date}} {{item.suffix?", "+item.suffix:""}} Show more Share Top News June 16, 8:30 Putin believes Trump’s victory proves that US voters are longing for change June 16, 8:30 June 16, 7:48 Trump puzzled by media hype over his ‘non-dealings’ with Russia June 16, 7:48 June 16, 8:07 Putin’s Q&A session: a 'nationwide book of complaints' June 16, 8:07 June 15, 18:27 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry June 15, 18:27 In other media Реклама Photo 10 Russia's top diplomat Sergey Lavrov celebrates his birthday 3 Four Russians killed in Istanbul helicopter crash — Foreign Ministry 3 MP warns US deployment of THAAD system in South Korea jeopardizes Russia’s security Infographics Russia's gas pipelines to Europe by 2018 Russia’s state defense order in 2015 Chinese Lunar Exploration Program Russia’s Angara A5 heavy-load space carrier rocket Most read Now Today This week 1 Russian missile carriers fly over Baltic Sea with NATO fighter aircraft 2 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 3 US Congress introduces new sanctions against Russia 4 Russian Foreign Minsitry comments on India-Pakistan disoute over Kashmir 5 World's most influential journals for 2017 unveiled in the Journal Citation Reports 6 Russian, Indian defense ministers to meet next week 7 Germany’s football squad arrives in Sochi for 2017 FIFA Confederations Cup 1 Putin ready to provide political asylum to former FBI director 2 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 3 Russian missile carriers fly over Baltic Sea with NATO fighter aircraft 4 Austria, Germany castigate US plans to impose new sanctions on Russia 5 Putin not surprised at US Senate's crusade to tighten sanctions against Russia 6 World's most influential journals for 2017 unveiled in the Journal Citation Reports 7 Putin's annual Q&A session 1 Putin ready to provide political asylum to former FBI director 2 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 3 Russia’s modernized strategic bombers to get protection from all types of missiles 4 Russia tests cruise missile defense systems 5 Putin notes Washington planned to use terrorists to destabilize Russia 6 Austria, Germany castigate US plans to impose new sanctions on Russia 7 US-led coalition colluding with IS instead of fighting terrorism — Defense Ministry TOP STORIES CONFLICT IN SYRIA RUSSIA'S DEFENSE INDUSTRY OIL& GAS INDUSTRY SPACE PROGRAMS Реклама News Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Sections Tags Media Press Releases Infographics About us TASS TODAY AGENCY NEWS TASS HISTORY MANAGEMENT CONTACTS Services TASS-PHOTO TASS-ONLINE TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age. © 2017 TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age.
<iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KX9ZXT" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe> Putin believes Trump’s victory proves that US voters are longing for change Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 16, 8:30 Putin’s Q&A session: a 'nationwide book of complaints' Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 16, 8:07 Trump puzzled by media hype over his ‘non-dealings’ with Russia World June 16, 7:48 Construction of first nuclear power plant in Turkey to begin in 2018 Business & Economy June 16, 6:28 St Isaac’s Cathedral museum in St Petersburg gets new director Society & Culture June 16, 2:34 Direct Line with the president: Putin answers questions on Russia's foreign policy Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 15, 21:01 Russian Central Bank plans to hold meeting on monetary policy Business & Economy June 15, 19:54 US Congress introduces new sanctions against Russia World June 15, 19:19 Putin comments on plans to build bridge to Sakhalin Island Business & Economy June 15, 18:48 {{element.title}} {{element.heading}} {{element.date}} Back to Main page Back to Main page Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Tags Media Press Releases Infographics Select the city Moscow St.-Petersburg Novosibirsk Ekaterinburg Nizhny Novgorod Samara Kazan Omsk Chelyabinsk Rostov-on-Don Ufa Volgograd Perm Krasnoyarsk Voronezh Currency converter USD EUR GBP CHF JPY CNY Back to Currency converter Exchange rate USD → RUR Сurrency Converter History course Please enter an amount Amount: From: ↔ To: Exchange rate on: 16.06.2017 15.06.2017 14.06.2017 13.06.2017 12.06.2017 11.06.2017 10.06.2017 ^ News Feed Sections Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review More Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review All news News Feed News Search Topics All Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review ОК Use filter You can filter your feed, by choosing only interesting sections. Go to Search More news Russia has lots of questions over MH17 crash that have no answers — Lavrov Russian Politics & Diplomacy October 14, 2015, 17:50 UTC+3 MOSCOW Lavrov said the countries taking part in the probe should respect the UN Security Council, which adopted a resolution in July 2014 urging an objective and unbiased investigation of the MH17 air crash Share 1 pages in this article © ITAR-TASS/Konstantin Sazonchik MOSCOW, October 14. /TASS/. The final report on the probe into the MH17 crash in east Ukraine last year caused a lot a questions that stll require answers, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said on Wednesday. "As for the Boeing, we’ll study the report, which was released yesterday. Already now, we have a lot of questions. Actually, we had questions from the very beginning. And there are no answers to them," Lavrov said during the government’s question time in the State Duma, the lower house of Russia’s parliament. Read also Russia strongly disagrees with Dutch probe into MH17 crash — aviation agency "We always respect someone else’s opinion but we want to do this on the basis of reciprocity," Lavrov said. "However, our opinion was not respected or specially requested. We literally requested that Almaz-Antey, the manufacturer of a missile, which, as they assert, shot down the airliner, should participate in the broadest possible way in all experiments and answer all the questions and give reference data. But nothing of this kind happened," the Russian foreign minister said. The countries that took part in the probe should respect the UN Security Council, which adopted a resolution in July 2014 urging an objective and unbiased investigation of the MH17 air crash, Lavrov said. "International standards required the involvement of ICAO [the International Civil Aviation Organization] but not on a folding seat as was the case but in a full-fledged format. However, this was not done. There was also a requirement that the Security Council should be regularly informed about progress in the probe. This was not done either. We proposed sending a Security Council mission to the crash site but our Western partners also gave this up," the Russian foreign minister said. The Malaysia Airlines Boeing-777 passenger airliner on a flight from the Dutch city of Amsterdam to the Malaysian capital of Kuala Lumpur crashed in the area of hostilities between local militias and Ukrainian governmental troops in east Ukraine’s Donetsk region in July last year. All 298 people aboard the airliner died in the air crash. Read also MH17 hit by missile Ukraine launched from militia-controlled region — Dutch Safety Board Russia continues to investigate MH17 crash despite Dutch Safety Board report Russia asks ICAO to interfere with MH17 crash probe — aviation agency Moscow urges ICAO not to manipulate facts Moscow says Dutch PM’s call to cooperate on MH17 crash investigation ‘strange’ Most of the air crash’s victims were Dutch nationals. The main version put forward was that the airliner was hit by a surface-to-air missile. The Ukrainian authorities and the militia of the self-proclaimed Donetsk People’s Republic accused each other of the airliner crash. The UN Security Council resolved on July 21 to hold a comprehensive and independent probe. Russia’s representatives have said on many occasions they are dissatisfied with how the investigation is being carried out and that the data presented by the Russian side are ignored. The Dutch Security Council published a final report on Tuesday on the causes of the MH17 crash while the Russian antiaircraft missile system manufacturer Almaz-Antey presented the conclusions of its own investigation confirmed by full-scale experiments. Almaz-Antey specialists confirmed during their experiments that the Boeing had been hit by a Buk air defense missile system from the area of the Zaroshchenskoye community controlled by the Ukrainian military on the day of the air disaster as reports said. Almaz-Antey experts also concluded that an older missile modification, namely, the 9M38 missile, had been fired. The manufacture of these missiles stopped in 1986. These missiles were withdrawn from service in Russia. {{item.group_date}} {{item.suffix?", "+item.suffix:""}} Show more Share Topics Foreign policy Boeing 777 crash in Ukraine Persons Sergey Lavrov Top News June 16, 8:30 Putin believes Trump’s victory proves that US voters are longing for change June 16, 8:30 June 16, 7:48 Trump puzzled by media hype over his ‘non-dealings’ with Russia June 16, 7:48 June 16, 8:07 Putin’s Q&A session: a 'nationwide book of complaints' June 16, 8:07 June 15, 18:27 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry June 15, 18:27 In other media Реклама Photo 10 Russia's top diplomat Sergey Lavrov celebrates his birthday 3 Four Russians killed in Istanbul helicopter crash — Foreign Ministry 3 MP warns US deployment of THAAD system in South Korea jeopardizes Russia’s security Infographics Russia's gas pipelines to Europe by 2018 Russia’s state defense order in 2015 Chinese Lunar Exploration Program Russia’s Angara A5 heavy-load space carrier rocket Most read Now Today This week 1 Russian missile carriers fly over Baltic Sea with NATO fighter aircraft 2 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 3 US Congress introduces new sanctions against Russia 4 Russian Foreign Minsitry comments on India-Pakistan disoute over Kashmir 5 World's most influential journals for 2017 unveiled in the Journal Citation Reports 6 Russian, Indian defense ministers to meet next week 7 Germany’s football squad arrives in Sochi for 2017 FIFA Confederations Cup 1 Putin ready to provide political asylum to former FBI director 2 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 3 Russian missile carriers fly over Baltic Sea with NATO fighter aircraft 4 Austria, Germany castigate US plans to impose new sanctions on Russia 5 Putin not surprised at US Senate's crusade to tighten sanctions against Russia 6 World's most influential journals for 2017 unveiled in the Journal Citation Reports 7 Putin's annual Q&A session 1 Putin ready to provide political asylum to former FBI director 2 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 3 Russia’s modernized strategic bombers to get protection from all types of missiles 4 Russia tests cruise missile defense systems 5 Putin notes Washington planned to use terrorists to destabilize Russia 6 Austria, Germany castigate US plans to impose new sanctions on Russia 7 US-led coalition colluding with IS instead of fighting terrorism — Defense Ministry TOP STORIES CONFLICT IN SYRIA RUSSIA'S DEFENSE INDUSTRY OIL& GAS INDUSTRY SPACE PROGRAMS Реклама News Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Sections Tags Media Press Releases Infographics About us TASS TODAY AGENCY NEWS TASS HISTORY MANAGEMENT CONTACTS Services TASS-PHOTO TASS-ONLINE TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age. © 2017 TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age.
<iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KX9ZXT" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe> Putin believes Trump’s victory proves that US voters are longing for change Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 16, 8:30 Putin’s Q&A session: a 'nationwide book of complaints' Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 16, 8:07 Trump puzzled by media hype over his ‘non-dealings’ with Russia World June 16, 7:48 Construction of first nuclear power plant in Turkey to begin in 2018 Business & Economy June 16, 6:28 St Isaac’s Cathedral museum in St Petersburg gets new director Society & Culture June 16, 2:34 Direct Line with the president: Putin answers questions on Russia's foreign policy Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 15, 21:01 Russian Central Bank plans to hold meeting on monetary policy Business & Economy June 15, 19:54 US Congress introduces new sanctions against Russia World June 15, 19:19 Putin comments on plans to build bridge to Sakhalin Island Business & Economy June 15, 18:48 {{element.title}} {{element.heading}} {{element.date}} Back to Main page Back to Main page Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Tags Media Press Releases Infographics Select the city Moscow St.-Petersburg Novosibirsk Ekaterinburg Nizhny Novgorod Samara Kazan Omsk Chelyabinsk Rostov-on-Don Ufa Volgograd Perm Krasnoyarsk Voronezh Currency converter USD EUR GBP CHF JPY CNY Back to Currency converter Exchange rate USD → RUR Сurrency Converter History course Please enter an amount Amount: From: ↔ To: Exchange rate on: 16.06.2017 15.06.2017 14.06.2017 13.06.2017 12.06.2017 11.06.2017 10.06.2017 ^ News Feed Sections Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review More Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review All news News Feed News Search Topics All Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review ОК Use filter You can filter your feed, by choosing only interesting sections. Go to Search More news Dutch-led commission for MH17 crash probe dishonestly used Almaz-Antey data — company World October 15, 2015, 15:36 UTC+3 According to the statement, the map with the area allegedly calculated by Almaz-Antey as a possible area for the missile launch, which appeared in the Dutch report, is a clear example Share 1 pages in this article Russian missile manufacturer Almaz-Antey news conference dedicated to the MH17 crash © EPA/MAXIM SHIPENKOV MOSCOW, October 15. /TASS/. The Dutch-led commission for the MH17 crash probe dishonestly used the data provided by the Russian antiaircraft missile system manufacturer Almaz-Antey, the company said in a statement on Thursday. The map with the area allegedly calculated by Almaz-Antey as a possible area for the missile launch [targeting the airliner], which appeared in the report published by the Dutch side on October 13, is a clear example showing that the international commission dishonestly used the materials provided by us," the statement said. "A chart with a map given in the report designates the presumed area of the antiaircraft missile launch from a Buk air defense system according to the international technical commission’s version. This version was adopted by the company’s specialists as the initial conditions during preparations for the second part of a full-scale experiment with the explosion of the 9M38M1 missile near the fuselage of an Il-86 airliner and was convincingly rejected as part of the same experiment," the statement said. Read also Russia asks ICAO to interfere with MH17 crash probe — aviation agency Almaz-Antey carried out the second part of the experiment into the conditions proposed by the Dutch-led commission for the missile launch from the area of the settlement of Snezhnoye. The experiment’s parameters fully complied with the conditions offered by the commission but its results "vividly showed the inconsistency of the international commission’s version of the missile launch from the Snezhnoye area and the type of the missile’s warhead," the company said. The area indicated in the commission’s final report as "the area of the missile launch allegedly corresponding to Almaz-Antey’s calculations [the territory located south-east of the town of Torez] was not designated as such in any of the documents sent by the company to the Dutch side," Almaz-Antey’s statement said. Almaz-Antey sent the Dutch side the data on the characteristics of missiles from the Buk antiaircraft missile complex. Moreover, "the materials clearly indicated that none of the missiles from the Buk system could approach the airliner from any of the points of the area designated in the map of the international commission’s draft final report to meet the conditions of the encounter [with the airliner] explaining the Malaysian Boeing’s real damage." Read also Kremlin has nothing to add to Russian experts’ position on Boeing crash case — spokesman Russia has lots of questions over MH17 crash that have no answers — Lavrov Russia continues to investigate MH17 crash despite Dutch Safety Board report Ukraine's Donetsk republic slams Dutch experts’ conclusions on MH17 crash Russia strongly disagrees with Dutch probe into MH17 crash — aviation agency MH17 hit by missile Ukraine launched from militia-controlled region — Dutch Safety Board Experts say MH17 might have been downed by Ukraine Russian missile maker hands over data of first field experiment to MH17 commission MH17 crash investigation The Dutch Security Council approved a final report on October 13 on the results of the probe into the Malaysian airliner crash in east Ukraine last year. The commission came to the conclusion that the airliner had been downed from a Buk antiaircraft missile system. Moreover, the missile could have been fired from the territory as large as 320 square kilometers in east Ukraine. According to the report, the Boeing was shot down by the 9H314M warhead, which could have been carried by one of the 9M38 missile modifications. The document emphasized that Ukraine had not closed its airspace over the area of fighting, although there were all the grounds for that. On the same day, Almaz-Antey presented the findings of its own probe confirmed by full-scale experiments. The company’s specialists confirmed that the Boeing had been fired at from the Buk air defense missile system from the area of the settlement of Zaroshchenskoye controlled by the Ukrainian military on the day of the air disaster. Besides, the company’s experts concluded that an older missile modification, namely, the 9M38 missile, had been fired. The manufacture of these missiles stopped in 1986. These missiles were withdrawn from service in Russia in 2011. MH17 crash The Malaysia Airlines Boeing-777 passenger airliner on a flight from the Dutch city of Amsterdam to the Malaysian capital of Kuala Lumpur crashed in the area of hostilities between local militias and Ukrainian governmental troops in east Ukraine’s Donetsk region in July last year. All 298 people aboard the airliner died in the air crash. Most of the air crash’s victims were Dutch nationals. Versions were put forward that the airliner could have been hit by a surface-to-air or an air-to-air missile. The Ukrainian authorities and the militia of the self-proclaimed Donetsk People’s Republic accused each other of the airliner crash. The UN Security Council resolved on July 21 to hold a comprehensive and independent probe. Russia’s representatives have said on many occasions they are dissatisfied with how the investigation is being carried out and that the data presented by the Russian side are ignored.   {{item.group_date}} {{item.suffix?", "+item.suffix:""}} Show more Share Topics Boeing 777 crash in Ukraine Top News June 16, 8:30 Putin believes Trump’s victory proves that US voters are longing for change June 16, 8:30 June 16, 7:48 Trump puzzled by media hype over his ‘non-dealings’ with Russia June 16, 7:48 June 16, 8:07 Putin’s Q&A session: a 'nationwide book of complaints' June 16, 8:07 June 15, 18:27 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry June 15, 18:27 In other media Реклама Photo 7 Seven killed in attack on Iranian parliament — media 11 Kabul terror attack aftermath 10 China's Dragon Boat festival in pictures Infographics Russia's gas pipelines to Europe by 2018 The US and Ukraine voted against the UN resolution condemning the glorification of Nazism Opium production in Afghanistan over 20 years The Eurasian Economic Union starts its work Most read Now Today This week 1 Russian missile carriers fly over Baltic Sea with NATO fighter aircraft 2 US eventually congratulates Russia on national day 3 Construction of first nuclear power plant in Turkey to begin in 2018 4 Putin believes Trump’s victory proves that US voters are longing for change 5 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 6 Russian Foreign Minsitry comments on India-Pakistan disoute over Kashmir 7 Germany’s football squad arrives in Sochi for 2017 FIFA Confederations Cup 1 Putin ready to provide political asylum to former FBI director 2 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 3 Russian missile carriers fly over Baltic Sea with NATO fighter aircraft 4 Austria, Germany castigate US plans to impose new sanctions on Russia 5 Putin not surprised at US Senate's crusade to tighten sanctions against Russia 6 World's most influential journals for 2017 unveiled in the Journal Citation Reports 7 Putin's annual Q&A session 1 Putin ready to provide political asylum to former FBI director 2 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 3 Russia’s modernized strategic bombers to get protection from all types of missiles 4 Russia tests cruise missile defense systems 5 Putin notes Washington planned to use terrorists to destabilize Russia 6 Austria, Germany castigate US plans to impose new sanctions on Russia 7 US-led coalition colluding with IS instead of fighting terrorism — Defense Ministry TOP STORIES CONFLICT IN SYRIA RUSSIA'S DEFENSE INDUSTRY OIL& GAS INDUSTRY SPACE PROGRAMS Реклама News Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Sections Tags Media Press Releases Infographics About us TASS TODAY AGENCY NEWS TASS HISTORY MANAGEMENT CONTACTS Services TASS-PHOTO TASS-ONLINE TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age. © 2017 TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age.
<iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KX9ZXT" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe> Putin believes Trump’s victory proves that US voters are longing for change Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 16, 8:30 Putin’s Q&A session: a 'nationwide book of complaints' Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 16, 8:07 Trump puzzled by media hype over his ‘non-dealings’ with Russia World June 16, 7:48 Construction of first nuclear power plant in Turkey to begin in 2018 Business & Economy June 16, 6:28 St Isaac’s Cathedral museum in St Petersburg gets new director Society & Culture June 16, 2:34 Direct Line with the president: Putin answers questions on Russia's foreign policy Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 15, 21:01 Russian Central Bank plans to hold meeting on monetary policy Business & Economy June 15, 19:54 US Congress introduces new sanctions against Russia World June 15, 19:19 Putin comments on plans to build bridge to Sakhalin Island Business & Economy June 15, 18:48 {{element.title}} {{element.heading}} {{element.date}} Back to Main page Back to Main page Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Tags Media Press Releases Infographics Select the city Moscow St.-Petersburg Novosibirsk Ekaterinburg Nizhny Novgorod Samara Kazan Omsk Chelyabinsk Rostov-on-Don Ufa Volgograd Perm Krasnoyarsk Voronezh Currency converter USD EUR GBP CHF JPY CNY Back to Currency converter Exchange rate USD → RUR Сurrency Converter History course Please enter an amount Amount: From: ↔ To: Exchange rate on: 16.06.2017 15.06.2017 14.06.2017 13.06.2017 12.06.2017 11.06.2017 10.06.2017 ^ News Feed Sections Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review More Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review All news News Feed News Search Topics All Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review ОК Use filter You can filter your feed, by choosing only interesting sections. Go to Search More news Netherlands demanded conversation with Lavrov to discuss MH17 crash "as ultimatum" Russian Politics & Diplomacy October 16, 2015, 16:22 UTC+3 Russian Foreign Ministry spokesperson Maria Zakharova commented on the words of Dutch Foreign Minister Bert Koenders Share 1 pages in this article © TASS/Mikhail Pochuev ASTANA, October 16 /TASS/. The Netherlands demanded a telephone conversation with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov to discuss a probe into the Boeing 777 crash in Ukraine on October 13 after the Dutch Safety Board had published its report. The Dutch have made no fresh attempts to establish a contact since then, Russian Foreign Ministry spokesperson Maria Zakharova said on Friday commenting the words of Dutch Foreign Minister Bert Koenders. "The Dutch side demanded as an ultimatum a telephone conversation with Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov within 15 minutes on the day the report was published. The minister was busy at that time because he already had previously planned meetings on his schedule," she said adding the ministry had received no more requests for the conversation. Read also Dutch-led commission for MH17 crash probe dishonestly used Almaz-Antey data — company Russia has lots of questions over MH17 crash that have no answers — Lavrov Russia strongly disagrees with Dutch probe into MH17 crash — aviation agency Dutch report conclusions on MH17 crash contradict Russian missiles manufacturer’s findings Russian missile maker traces site of missile launch against flight MH17 with 4 km accuracy "During the past year, we have sent numerous invitations to Dutch experts to come to Moscow. But Amsterdam refused," the Russian diplomat went on to say. "Now they are trying to raise a scandal out of nothing. Nothing will come of it. We are going to curb any attempts to spread misinformation," Zakharova stressed. "As for the mess which the Dutch foreign minister has mentioned, he may be talking about the absence of any coherent answers by the Dutch side to the numerous questions posed by the Russian side, some of which had been addressed to the Netherlands and to everybody linekd to the preparation of the Boeing crash report," Zakharova went on to say. She added it would be more appropriate to redirect the muddying water accusations to the Dutch side. "We have received no coherent answer to our questions which were not just logical but were based on expert analysis," the Russian diplomat stressed "I can say that Russia wants to establish the truth about what happened in the skies over Ukraine a year ago like no one else," Zakharova concluded. Dutch Foreign Minister Bert Koenders claimed on Friday that Russia was allegedly muddying the waters in connection with the Dutch Safety Board’s report. Russia is intentionally trying to diminish the report’s role, the Dutch daily newspaper De Volkskrant quoted Koenders as saying. The Dutch foreign minister also said he had failed to get in touch with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov. {{item.group_date}} {{item.suffix?", "+item.suffix:""}} Show more Share Topics Foreign policy Boeing 777 crash in Ukraine Top News June 16, 8:30 Putin believes Trump’s victory proves that US voters are longing for change June 16, 8:30 June 16, 7:48 Trump puzzled by media hype over his ‘non-dealings’ with Russia June 16, 7:48 June 16, 8:07 Putin’s Q&A session: a 'nationwide book of complaints' June 16, 8:07 June 15, 18:27 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry June 15, 18:27 In other media Реклама Photo 10 Russia's top diplomat Sergey Lavrov celebrates his birthday 3 Four Russians killed in Istanbul helicopter crash — Foreign Ministry 3 MP warns US deployment of THAAD system in South Korea jeopardizes Russia’s security Infographics Russia's gas pipelines to Europe by 2018 Russia’s state defense order in 2015 Chinese Lunar Exploration Program Russia’s Angara A5 heavy-load space carrier rocket Most read Now Today This week 1 Russian missile carriers fly over Baltic Sea with NATO fighter aircraft 2 US eventually congratulates Russia on national day 3 Construction of first nuclear power plant in Turkey to begin in 2018 4 Putin believes Trump’s victory proves that US voters are longing for change 5 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 6 Russian Foreign Minsitry comments on India-Pakistan disoute over Kashmir 7 Germany’s football squad arrives in Sochi for 2017 FIFA Confederations Cup 1 Putin ready to provide political asylum to former FBI director 2 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 3 Russian missile carriers fly over Baltic Sea with NATO fighter aircraft 4 Austria, Germany castigate US plans to impose new sanctions on Russia 5 Putin not surprised at US Senate's crusade to tighten sanctions against Russia 6 World's most influential journals for 2017 unveiled in the Journal Citation Reports 7 Putin's annual Q&A session 1 Putin ready to provide political asylum to former FBI director 2 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 3 Russia’s modernized strategic bombers to get protection from all types of missiles 4 Russia tests cruise missile defense systems 5 Putin notes Washington planned to use terrorists to destabilize Russia 6 Austria, Germany castigate US plans to impose new sanctions on Russia 7 US-led coalition colluding with IS instead of fighting terrorism — Defense Ministry TOP STORIES CONFLICT IN SYRIA RUSSIA'S DEFENSE INDUSTRY OIL& GAS INDUSTRY SPACE PROGRAMS Реклама News Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Sections Tags Media Press Releases Infographics About us TASS TODAY AGENCY NEWS TASS HISTORY MANAGEMENT CONTACTS Services TASS-PHOTO TASS-ONLINE TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age. © 2017 TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age.
Recent Posts Migrants sending billions home more than in 2007 Kuwait Central Bank keeps the discount rate at 2.75% Turkish FM holds talks in Kuwait over Gulf crisis Free fatwa hotline for religious queries Kuwait’s Ramadan Iftar Cannon Recent Comments Archives June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 Categories Africa Aisha Al Zabin America Asia Basketball Business Cartoon Conspiracy Theory Cricket Crime E-Paper Editor's Desk Elections 2016 Europe Fashion Football Haider Al Mosawi Hassan Al Mosawi Health Hello 965 Kuwait Legal Clinic Lifestyle Middle East Movies & Music Nathalie Basma NBA Noora S AlAskar Opinion Other News Other Sports Others Politics Real Fouz Rio 2016 Sports Subcontinent Technology Tennis Top Stories World Yalda Golsharifi Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Home Kuwait Crime Other News Politics World Middle East Subcontinent Asia Africa America Europe Opinion Conspiracy Theory Editor’s Desk Others Business Haider Al Mosawi Sports Football Cricket NBA Tennis Other Sports Legalese Lifestyle Movies & Music Fashion Technology E-Paper About Us Contact Us Rate Card Job Vacancies KAC and ALAFCO formalize sale,leaseback deal for four aircrafts KUWAIT: Kuwait Airways Company (KAC) and ALAFCO Aviation Lease and Finance Company (ALAFCO) have signed an initial agreement for the sale and leaseback of four Boeing B777-300ER aircrafts for a lease term of twelve years. Sami F Al-Rushaid, Chairman of KAC, stated that “A Request for Proposal (RFP) was issued to seven qualified companies and consortiums around the world, and Kuwait-based ALAFCO Aviation Lease and Finance Company presented the best offer to KAC. This agreement is beneficial to both companies, and will make available funds that KAC will utilize to take delivery of the remaining three of four new B777-300ER aircraft from the Boeing Company. Kuwait Airways will take delivery of one aircraft per month from June to August 2017. Entering into this sale and leaseback arrangement will enable KAC to diversify its sources of funding and strike a balance between financing and leasing of the Boeing B777-300ER fleet.” Ahmad A Alzabin, Vice Chairman and CEO of ALAFCO, stated that “To be able to support the fleet modernization plan of the national carrier of Kuwait is an important milestone for ALAFCO. This deal marks the beginning of a strategic cooperation between Kuwait Airways and ALAFCO.” Alzabin added, “The B777-300ER aircrafts will be financed mostly by Kuwaiti banks, and will have a positive impact on the local economy of Kuwait.” This article was published on 12/06/2017 Most Read Proposals discussed to allow new dependency visas for relatives Eid Holidays Kuwait Airways plane bound to Trivandrum, India damaged Children age 6 and 4 left alone in Khaitan flat - Parents left for their home country Jordanian King in Kuwait Erdogan slams ‘inhumane’ isolation of Qatar US moves to reassure Qatar - Arms sale, joint exercise on the cards 'Zain family' celebrates success Qatar Airways says service ‘unaffected’ by Gulf ban Wife's murderer admits crime Business Cartoon E-Paper Health Kuwait Legal Clinic Lifestyle Opinion Sports Technology Top Stories World About Us Contact Us Rate card 2017 RSS © 2017, ↑ Kuwait Times
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai U.S. Navy Approves Boeing's F/A-18 Super Hornet Upgrades Jay Bennett Popular Mechanics June 12, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Photo credit: U.S. NavyMore From Popular Mechanics The U.S. Navy has decided to fund Boeing's fighter division to upgrade the service's F/A-18E and F/A-18F Super Hornets to the "Block III" configuration. The most recent budget request from the U.S. Navy allocates $264.9 million over the next five years to upgrade the Super Hornet fleet with more advanced avionics and sensor capabilities, according to Aviation Week. The first Block III Super Hornets are slated to enter service in 2019. The program is designed to keep the Navy's primary carrier-based fighter relevant deep into the 21st century. Boeing originally suggested upgrading the Super Hornet fleet to Block III back in 2008. Recent pressure from the White House to look into an advanced Super Hornet, a large defense budget from the new administration, and rising international tensions have led the Navy to approve the upgrade. The new configuration will improve the heads-up display and computing capabilities of the Super Hornet, while also modestly upgrading the stealth and radar cross section. The multirole fighter will receive "advanced network architecture" in the form of a new computer called the Distributed Targeting Processor Network (DTPN). A large new display in the cockpit will help pilots monitor the additional information they receive. New Tactical Targeting Network Technology (TTNT) will also improve the Super Hornet's information pipeline so more data can be transmitted to and from the jet. The improvements to stealth include possible low-observable coating, and new Conformal Fuel Tanks (CFT) are planned to replace the Super Hornet's current external fuel tanks. The CFTs will improve radar cross section slightly, but they are primarily intended to reduce aerodynamic drag. The Navy is also planning a long-range infrared sensor for the Super Hornet for early threat detection. The electronic warfare variant of the F/A-18, called the EA-18G Growler, will also be receiving some of the avionics upgrades. Dan Gillian, Boeing F/A-18 and EA-18 program manager, told Aviation Week that stealth is not a priority, and the avionics improvements will give the Super Hornet "a balanced approach to survivability, including electronic warfare and self-protection." The primary goal of the upgrade is to make the Super Hornet play nicely with the Navy's incoming F-35C. The carrier variant of the F-35 is the last of the F-35s to enter service, as it has not reached initial operating capability (IOC) like the Marine and Air Force jets have. When the Navy starts flying the fifth-generation fighters, their air coverage will have a lot more incoming data to share and analyze with various aircraft. The Navy is looking to dominate air space with fleets of Block III Super Hornets, EA-18s, F-35Cs, as well as E-2 Hawkeye airborne early warning planes. The computing upgrades to the Super Hornets in the field will ensure that all the aircraft can communicate over the same network to get the best picture of the battlefield. "You can have an F-35 in its very stealthy way doing a deep-strike mission with Super Hornet providing air superiority at that same range, or you can have Super Hornet carrying large standoff weapons that F-35 cannot carry, with F-35 providing some air cover," Gillian told Aviation Week. The arrival of the F-35 has sent air warfare strategists back to the drawing board to develop the most effective packages to capitalize on the new fighter's capacity to soak up information and transmit it to other aircraft in the formation. For the F-35C to work at full capacity, the Navy has decided the trusty F/A-18 Super Hornet needs to be a little smarter. Source: Aviation Week You Might Also Like The Best Portable BBQ Grills for Cooking Anywhere How to Build a Rock-Solid Concrete Planter The 15 Best Hatchbacks Under $20,000 Reblog Share Tweet Share Popular in the Community Why Mayweather-McGregor is such a crushing blow to Oscar De La Hoya and HBO 510 reactions3%66%31% Under the neon glow 17 reactions0%69%31% Doctors say US student freed by North Korea has brain damage 2,428 reactions4%68%28% AP-NORC poll: Just 1 in 5 support Trump's move to fire Comey 4,984 reactions4%65%31% Deadly attack on Somalia restaurant in Mogadishu 29 reactions7%67%26% Police officer injured in Virginia shooting throws first pitch at Congressional Baseball Game 2 reactions100%0%0% Luis Fonsi On Justin Bieber's Spanish, 'Despacito' Hitting No. 1 212 reactions4%80%16% Aisha Tyler Sobs During Announcement That She’s Leaving ‘The Talk’ 1,659 reactions6%74%20% How Camilla Parker Bowles Tortured Princess Diana at Her Own Wedding 590 reactions5%69%26% ‘Crooked H destroyed phones’: Trump tries to change the topic to Clinton after report of possible obstruction probe 4,964 reactions4%65%31% Dozens still missing after London high-rise fire 15 reactions4%83%13% College student sentenced to 15 years of hard labor in North Korea returns to the US in a coma 11 reactions0%89%11% Historic Pearl River Mart Reopens to Bring 'Cross-Cultural Joy' to NYC 112 reactions8%67%25% Alex Jones Releases Megyn Kelly Audio Online Ahead of NBC Broadcast 1,076 reactions3%65%32% Draymond trolls Cavs with 'Quickie' shirt, prompts vicious LeBron Instagram clapback 825 reactions6%73%21% Trump Tried to Convince NSA Chief to Absolve Him of Any Russian Collusion: Report 1,506 reactions4%58%38% AP-NORC poll: Just 1 in 5 support Trump's move to fire Comey Rob: In other words, 30% of this country is so blindly partisan that they refuse to see the writing on the wall. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 5k
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity Aircraft Interiors IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Aircraft & Engines > Airframes > Boeing concludes $3 billion Iranian 737 MAX deal Boeing concludes $3 billion Iranian 737 MAX deal Jun 12, 2017 Alan Dron EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Rendering of Boeing 737 MAX in Iran Aseman Airlines’ livery Boeing Related Media Video: Embraer E195-E2 Eagle paint scheme Advertisement Boeing has finalized a definitive agreement with Iran Aseman Airlines for the purchase of up to 60 737 MAX commercial passenger aircraft. The deal includes firm orders for 30 737 MAXs, valued at $3 billion at list prices, and purchase rights for an additional 30 737 MAXs. The variants of the MAX series to be included in the deal were not specified. The contract signing followed a memorandum of agreement (MOA) with Aseman in April 2017, expressing the airline’s intent to make the purchase. Boeing has applied to the US Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control for approval of a license to perform under this transaction. Deliveries are scheduled to start in 2022. Iran Aseman Airlines currently has a fleet of around 30 aircraft, which includes 17 Fokker F100 regional jets. As a result of the long-standing embargo on US aircraft sales, the average age of aircraft in the fleet is 25 years, with the oldest members listed on specialist sites as being three Boeing 727-200s that are 37 years old. Alan Dron alandron@adepteditorial.com Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Iran Aseman Airlines agrees to buy up to 60 Boeing 737 MAXs   China Aircraft Leasing Group to take 50 737 MAXs Vietjet places $11.3 billion Boeing 737 MAX order   Arctic Aviation Assets converts two 737 MAX options CDB Aviation Lease Finance orders 30 Boeing 737 MAXs   Blogs & Commentary Jun 7, 2017 blog Airlines need Brexit answers. Soon. The UK is scheduled to leave the EU (Brexit) by the end of March 2019, but airlines don’t have two years, they need answers by April next year....More Jun 6, 2017 blog Editor’s Blog: Walsh’s meltdown over the BA meltdown A clearly irritated Willie Walsh was ready to chastise the press. “It wasn’t a computer meltdown,” he said as soon as he was asked about the British Airways incident that essentially shut down the airline’s London operations. “It was not a failure of IT; it was a failure of power.”...More Jun 5, 2017 blog Editor's Blog: The USA becomes the unnamed problem child If you wanted an indicator of how far the US has fallen in the regard of global opinion, Cancun would be a good place to be this week.As one speaker on a panel on protectionism said, “it’s going to get a lot messier in world free trade”....More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location IATA AGM coverage brought to you by:  Jun 14, 2017 Article ATW Plus LOT CEO: Warsaw airport capacity limits affect growth   LOT Polish Airlines could see its rapid growth pace slow down as Warsaw Chopin Airport reaches capacity....More Jun 14, 2017 Article ATW Plus Icelandair CEO: Transatlantic business remains a challenge   Icelandair continues to grow on transatlantic routes, but the carrier’s expansion is affected by capacity limits at its Reykjavik hub and increasing competition from low-cost carriers (LCCs)....More Jun 13, 2017 Article ATW Plus TAAG Angola Airlines expects another challenging year South Africa-based TAAG Angola Airlines continues to struggle in a difficult operating environment in Africa, CCO William Boulter told ATW in an exclusive interview last week at the IATA AGM in Cancun....More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Store Subscribe RSS Newsletter Advertise Contact Us 100-Year Archive Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Aviation Week Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Technology Aircraft Design Advances in Manufacturing Vertical Flight New Civil Aircraft Leading Edge Program Management Corner Commercial Aviation New Civil Aircraft From the Flight Deck Airline Fleets and Networks Airline Intel Aircraft Interiors Space Commercial Space Space Exploration In Orbit Defense Combat Aircraft Electronic Warfare Air Combat Safety Intelligence, Surveillance & Reconnaissance Vertical Flight Washington Outlook Military Trainers Business Aviation Vertical Flight Inside Business Aviation Purchase Planning Handbook MRO Connected Aerospace Products & Services Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Advertisement Home > AWIN_Commercial > U.S. Panel Backs Boeing Complaint Against Bombardier You have access to this content through your organization’s enterprise subscription to the Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN). Would you like to go there now? Your choice will be remembered until you close your browser. No, stay hereYes, go to AWIN U.S. Panel Backs Boeing Complaint Against Bombardier Jun 12, 2017 Michael Bruno | Aviation Daily EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Bombardier CS100 in Delta livery. Bombardier U.S. Panel Backs Boeing Complaint Against Bombardier As expected, the U.S. International Trade Commission (ITC) voted unanimously June 9 to allow a Boeing’s antidumping complaint against Canadian aircraft manufacturer Bombardier to continue toward finding compensatory duties. The panel of five members “determined that there is a reasonable indication that a U.S. industry is threatened with material injury by reason of imports of 100- to 150-seat large civil aircraft from Canada ... THIS CONTENT REQUIRES SUBSCRIPTION ACCESS You must have an Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN) account or subscribe to this Market Briefing to access "U.S. Panel Backs Boeing Complaint Against Bombardier".   Current Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN) enterprise and individual members: please go to http://awin.aviationweek.com for access.   Not currently a subscriber? Click on the "Learn More" button below to view subscription offers. Learn More Already registered? Log In here. Print Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Opinion: Why Boeing’s Charge of Bombardier ‘Dumping’ Doesn’t Add Up 94   Airbus Struggles With A320neo Engine Delays, Customer Complaints 54   Industry Pushes Back Against USAF Gulfstream EC-37B Plan 47   Boeing Presses Price-Dumping Case Against Bombardier’s C Series 6   Presidential Bomber? Report Touts B-21 For Air Force One 222   Advertisement Commercial Aviation: Market Briefing A subscription to Aviation Daily is required to access these stories.   EasyJet Confirms Its Interest In Alitalia  Southwest To Operate 18 Daily International Flights From FLL  ‘Baby Boom’ Demonstrator Passes Design Review  A&D Supply Chain Player Poised For Growth  Virgin Orbit Close To LauncherOne Completion  Nexcelle Spools Up For Airliner And Bizjet Projects  Airlines Will Face Moderate Bill For Infrastructure Push  AIA: Total A&D Employment Slipped In 2016    Subscribe Log In Advertisement Advertise with Us   2017 Media Materials Your source for 2016 media kits, editorial planners rates and specs for AW&ST, ATW, B&CA and more! Advertise Sign up to Aviation Week Newsletter Daily analysis on technology advances impacting the global aviation, aerospace & defense industries. Subscribe Advertisement AviationWeek.com Commercial Aviation Business Aviation Defense MRO Space 100-Year Archive Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Site Features Subscribe Newsletters RSS Sitemap Mobile site Aviation Week Network About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Search AviationWeek.com Search: PISCES Penton Corporate Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Leadership > Companies & Executives > Musk's SpaceX Joins the Military Musk's SpaceX Joins the Military Jun 12, 2017 Bloomberg EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 In a very public sense, Musk and the government this summer will test the theory that cheaper space launches are suitable for sensitive military missions. SpaceX Advertisement Not long ago, SpaceX founder Elon Musk cracked what he once labeled a monopoly for Defense Department space launches, successfully breaking into a business that was dominated by United Launch Alliance LLC. The DOD’s appetite for space access is voracious, given the myriad reconnaissance, defense, and communications roles there, coupled with a future where conflicts are almost certain to involve space assets. Musk’s 2014 lawsuit against the government was settled out of court and the Pentagon certified SpaceX, also known as Space Exploration Technologies Corp., as a suitable supplier of military space launches. SpaceX’s first gig for the military was in May when it launched a satellite for the National Reconnaissance Office. But in a very public sense, Musk and the government this summer will test the theory that cheaper space launches are suitable for sensitive military missions. In August, SpaceX will carry one of the Pentagon’s premiere yet highly classified platforms into orbit. The X-37B spy craft, an unmanned miniature version of the Space Shuttle, logs missions that are well over a year in length. The most recent X-37B sojourn ended in May after more than 700 days circling the Earth. Boeing has built two of the craft, with the first launched in 2010. The August blastoff will be the program’s fifth flight. One major reason for SpaceX’s appeal to Pentagon brass: sticker price. With its launches starting around $61 million, Musk’s company has been able to undercut its more established rival. United Launch Alliance, a Colorado-based joint venture of Boeing Co. and Lockheed Martin Corp., boasts an unblemished record of more than 100 launches, but it’s still working to bring its cost below $100 million. It plans to do so by 2019. Popular Now Meet GE's New CEO, aka 'Mr. Fix-it' 3 Trends That Will Drive the Automotive Industry in 2017 and Beyond 12 Key Strategies to Achieving a Work-Life Balance On Friday, ULA’s president and chief executive, Salvatore “Tory” Bruno, said on Twitter that his company wanted to compete for the X-37B launch but wasn’t given a chance to do so. “ULA remains fully committed to continuing to support America’s national security missions with world-class launch services,” spokeswoman Jessica Rye said in an email. A SpaceX spokesman, John Taylor, referred inquiries to the Air Force, which didn’t respond to requests for comment. ULA officials, while touting their record, also argue that the cost comparison isn’t so simple because it provides the DOD redundant platforms and other launch systems, with both its Atlas and Delta rockets, to ensure launch readiness at any time—something its rivals do not. SpaceX’s new role as a military contractor is a key source of income for Musk’s company and supplements its NASA contracts for resupply missions to the International Space Station. Its far more ambitious plan, flying astronauts to the ISS, is set for next year. In February, SpaceX said it would also fly two private space tourists around the moon in 2018, though it didn’t disclose their identities or how much they have paid for the trip. By Justin Bachman Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles SpaceX Chief Elon Musk Eyes Internet Satellites Musk: Failed Strut Caused SpaceX Blast 1 Elon Musk Calls SpaceX Explosion Most Vexing Failure in 14 Years 1 SpaceX Launch of First Reused Rocket to Mark Milestone for Musk 1 SpaceX Pulls Off First Reused Rocket Mission in Musk Triumph Leadership Category Sponsored by Plex The Plex Manufacturing Cloud automates the plant floor and informs the top floor. See why Forrester named Plex Systems as the 2016 breakout SaaS ERP vendor. Learn why THE LATEST 50 Strong Celebrates Water Bottle Reshoring Win Takata Could File for Bankruptcy as Soon as Next Week Nike Cutting About 2% of Workforce as It Revamps Operations Decline in US Factory Output Shows Manufacturing Leveling Off How to Transition Team Members Who Are Resistant to Lean Management Guangzhou Auto Sees Fiat Chrysler Dealers as Route to US More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week Jun 13, 2017 Exclusive Big Data Manufacturing Safety Tech Deep in the Heartland How has a serial entrepreneur with a manufacturing podcast and a passion for the industry turned his attention to improving safety in factories? By crunching data, developing new tech and listening to just about everybody....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek Decline in US Factory Output Shows Manufacturing Leveling Off Auto Suppliers Must Learn to Drive Change or Watch the Industry Pass Them By North Dakota’s Northern Plains UAS Test Site Meet GE's New CEO, aka 'Mr. Fix-it' Beating the 'Silent Enemy' of Continuous Improvement IW Webinars Manufacturing Trends: IndustryWeek/PwC Webinar Series Solving Your Top 5 Manufacturing Issues -- with Data Navigating the World of Regulation and Compliance How To Power Smarter Growth Through Spatial Insights Analytics-Based Sales: The New Era of B2B Growth View All Hot Topics Trump and Manufacturing The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers 5 Ways Cloud-Based ERP Makes Reshoring Easier and More Profitable Top 10 OSHA Violations and How to Avoid Them Manufacturers Weigh In On Key Issues Report: 2017 Manufacturing Communications Survey Overcoming The Growing Complexity of Support More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Top News U.S. News World News Voices Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News Defense Energy Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive The Almanac Search Home / Defense News Boeing receives $411 million Apache contract for Britain By Stephen Carlson   |   June 12, 2017 at 10:38 AM Follow @upi Comments June 12 (UPI) -- Boeing has received a $411 million modification to an existing contract for helicopters sold to Britain, the Department of Defense announced last week. The contract calls for the sale of 38 Apache attack helicopters, three crew trainers for the Longbow variant of the aircraft, and spares for both systems. Work will be completed in Mesa, Ariz., and is estimated to be completed by Feb 28, 2023. Fiscal 2010 and other funds in the amount of $201 million were obligated at the time of the award. The Apache is a multi-role attack helicopter is designed primarily for close air support. The rotorcraft carries a 30mm chaingun on a rotating turret, along with hard points for carrying Hellfire laser-guided missiles, unguided rockets and other ordinance. The Apache Longbow is the latest variant of the helicopter, and features greater stand-off attack capability and more capable sensors. Over 2,200 Apaches have been manufactured since the aircraft was introduced in 1984 and it is the primary attack helicopter of the U.S. Army, in addition to being exported to allied countries across the world. Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram for more news from UPI.com Related UPI Stories Saab signs maintenance, support deal for submarines Dassault, Indian partner breaking ground on facility F-35 flights grounded at Arizona base because of health concerns Comments Latest Headlines Mattis, Dunford press Congress for increased, stable budgets 10 hours ago ago June 15 (UPI) -- The secretary of defense and chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff told Congress higher budgets are necessary to maintain military readiness and prepare for the future. Navistar awarded $18.8 million contract for Iraq MTVs 13 hours ago ago June 15 (UPI) -- Navistar Defense has received a $19 million contract from the U.S. Army to manufacture and deliver 115 International 7000 MV Medium Tactical Vehicles to Iraq. Saab completes first Gripen E test flight 14 hours ago ago June 15 (UPI) -- Saab has conducted its first flight test of the Gripen E fighter plane from the company's airfield at Linkoping in Sweden. Rockwell Collins receives E-2D trainer contract 15 hours ago ago June 15 (UPI) -- Rockwell Collins Simulation and Training Solutions has received a $34 million contract for the procurement of one E-2D Advanced Hawkeye Tactics Trainer. Raytheon receives contract for AIM-9X missiles 17 hours ago ago June 15 (UPI) -- Raytheon has received an $83 million contract for the procurement of full-rate production 180 AIM-9X Block II air-to-air missiles. Trending Stories Trump to announce rollbacks of Obama's Cuba policy during Miami visit USS Shiloh's missing sailor found hiding on board after 50-hour search Black, brown stripes added to rainbow flag for added support In 98-2 vote, Senate passes tougher sanctions on Iran, Russia Trump signs order expanding labor apprenticeships PHOTOS Highlights from the E3 Electronic Entertainment Expo Mandy Moore, Matthew Modine attend '47 Meters Down' premiere in Los Angeles Ice Cube honored with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame Scarlett Johansson, Zoe Kravitz attend 'Rough Night' premiere in New York LA replaces Pride parade with #ResistMarch 71st annual Tony Award winners Explore UPI Top News Entertainment News Odd News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy News Defense News UPI Archives UPI Espanol United Press International United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. Stay up to Date Login Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback Copyright © 2017 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY
Real Estate JOBS 転職 STUDY IN JAPAN Japan Showcase Sign Up | Login | SUPPORT Twitter Facebook Newsletter RSS 26 P/SUNNY TOKYO (4 p.m.) Markets 111.22 ¥/$ (4 p.m.) News 購読の申し込み SUBSCRIBE Sign Up | Login ≫ Email Updates Today's Stories MENU City Guide Search News Opinion Life Community Culture Sports City Guide Search Search National Asia Pacific Business World Reference Columns Multimedia News National World Business Asia Pacific Reference Columns Multimedia Opinion Editorials Commentary Reader Mail Cartoons Life Travel Digital Food & Drink Environment Style & Design Language Lifestyle People Columns Multimedia Community Voices Issues Our Lives Event Listings How-tos Columns Culture Film Music Art Stage Events Festivals Books TV Columns Multimedia Sports Baseball Soccer Basketball Sumo Rugby Figure Skating Tennis More Sports Columns Multimedia Support About us Faqs Sorry, but your browser needs Javascript to use this site. If you're not sure how to activate it, please refer to this site: http://www.enable-javascript.com/ Students at Gifu Technical High School learn skills for manufacturing aircraft. | CHUNICHI SHIMBUN National | CHUBU CONNECTION Tokai region aircraft industry attempts to attract new crop of recruits Chunichi Shimbun Jun 12, 2017 Article history Online: Jun 12, 2017 Last Modified: Jun 13, 2017 PRINT SHARE Aichi, Gifu and Mie prefectures in the Tokai region are working hard to train the next generation of human resources in the aircraft industry, which is involved in the manufacture of Boeing planes and the Mitsubishi Regional Jet, the first jet airliner designed and produced in Japan. Even though the industry is expected to grow, it is having difficulty recruiting enough young talent, so the prefectures are working on promoting the aircraft industry and creating opportunities to introduce a younger generation to aerospace engineering. “When you are using the drill, bend your body and keep your upper arms close,” an instructor said to the 10 sophomores attending the mechanical engineering course in Gifu Technical High School. The students are learning how to drill rivet holes in order to fasten the fuselage panels and wings onto an aircraft. One of the students, 16-year-old Yuki Akamatsu, wants to build a jumbo jet. “The vibrations will decrease depending on how you hold the drill,” he explained as sweat poured down his forehead. In April, Gifu Prefecture established Monozukuri Kyoiku Plaza in Gifu Technical High School where students can learn about the basic technologies in the aerospace industry. The prefecture also invested ¥100 million to build a laboratory for the students to improve their skill in manufacturing parts and assembling an aircraft. In addition, the newly renovated Kakamigahara Aerospace Science Museum will be open to the public next spring. The prefecture plans to use the exhibit to create teaching materials for elementary and junior-high school students. There were 170 job openings from companies in the aircraft industry in Gifu Prefecture this spring, but only 70 students who graduated from technical high schools filled the jobs. According to an expert, many students and teachers are not currently familiar with the aircraft industry, so students are leaving the prefecture to work in other industries, such as the automobile sector. Aichi Prefecture also launched a course in fiscal 2014 on the aircraft manufacturing process offered to high school students, and 108 students have taken the course in the past three years. In fiscal 2016, Aichi Prefectural Aichi High School of Technology and Engineering in Nagoya started to offer courses for the automobile and aircraft industry, while Komaki Technical High School is planning to change one of the two mechanical engineering classes to an aircraft industry class. The Aichi Aviation Museum, which is scheduled to open this fall at Nagoya Airport in Toyoyama, will also be included in the school curriculum. Meanwhile, Mie Prefecture began offering subsidies for short-term overseas exchange programs in fiscal 2015 to Japanese college and university students who want to study the aerospace industry. A student participating in the program will be required to complete an internship at a company in the aerospace industry, after which the student will work on a research project in a university abroad for six months. Ten students have participated to date and the prefecture hopes the program will boost employment for the local aerospace industry. The manufacture of aircraft requires a high level of skill along with great precision and safety, and most of the work involves manual labor. In addition, an aircraft can last 20 to 30 years, so there is little opportunity for aerospace engineers to experience design work and new manufacturing technology in their career. “We need to establish different methods (of attracting young talent) from a long-term perspective,” said Shinji Aoyama, senior managing director of the Chubu Aerospace Industry and Technology Center in Nagoya. According to Aichi Prefecture, the global demand for operational jetliners will reach 38,000 in 2035, which is 1.8 times the figure in 2015. The number of operational jetliners in the Asia-Pacific region in 2035 is predicted to be 15,000, which is 2.5 times the figure in 2015. About 80 percent of aircraft parts manufactured in Japan come from the Chubu region. Aichi, Gifu, Mie, Nagano and Shizuoka prefectures have been designated as Comprehensive Special Zones for International Competitiveness by the central government. However, the aerospace industry in the country was only valued at ¥1.9 trillion in 2014, which was approximately one-twelfth that of the U.S. and one-ninth that of Europe. According to experts, the industry has used its designation as a special zone to expand its production rapidly in an effort to nurture it as the next core pillar for Japan after the automobile industry, but it is having difficulty securing young talent. Under the Comprehensive Special Zone, the industry plans to increase the number of workers to 25,000 by fiscal 2020 from 15,800 in fiscal 2011. This section, appearing Tuesdays, features topics and issues from the Chubu region covered by the Chunichi Shimbun. The original article was published June 3. Photos Click to enlarge Keywords Aviation, Gifu, Mie, Aichi, aerospace National Missing U.S. sailor thought lost at sea off Japan found hiding aboard own ship Calbee to resume potato chip sales after halt in spud shortage Education ministry says Kake papers exist after follow-up probe, dealing a blow to Abe’s Cabinet Government finds 27 cases of suspected illegal job placement Mail the editor Error Report Republishing Commenting Policy The Japan Times ST The Japan Times on Sunday What's Trending Now Number of foreign students at public schools who lack Japanese language skills hits record high Abe coalition rams contentious conspiracy bill through Diet Conspiracy theory becomes frightening reality for Japan North Korean detainee Otto Warmbier, in coma for over a year, is evacuated to U.S. Tokyo’s Filipino housekeepers arrive as part of program to bolster sagging labor numbers Britain’s Queen Elizabeth II enjoys test ride on Hitachi-made high-speed train in London Two deaths at Kawasaki kindergarten prompt fears of infectious disease North Korea ‘brutalized’ student returned to U.S. in coma, says father Blogs Japan Pulse Yen for Living BACK TO TOP The Japan Times on Sunday The Japan Times ST Jobs Study in Japan JT for Women JT Bookclub Japanese School Directory Email Updates | Home Delivery RSS Twitter Facebook Newsletter News National World Business Asia Pacific Reference Columns Multimedia Opinion Editorials Commentary Reader Mail Cartoons Life Travel Digital Food & Drink Environment Style & Design Language Lifestyle People Columns Multimedia Community Voices Issues Our Lives Event Listings How-tos Columns Culture Film Music Art Stage Events Festivals Books TV Columns Multimedia Sports Baseball Soccer Basketball Sumo Rugby Figure Skating Tennis More Sports Columns Multimedia About us Contact us Privacy Policy Link Policy Reprints FAQs Support Press Sitemap Advertise The Japan Times LTD. All rights reserved.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 25 mins S&P 500 2,432.46 -5.46 (-0.22%) Dow 30 21,359.90 -14.66 (-0.07%) Nasdaq 6,165.50 -29.39 (-0.47%) LISTEN Uber's post-Kalanick future Yahoo Finance's Myles Udland, Dan Roberts and Ethan Wolff-Mann  discuss the news and future of Uber. Musk’s SpaceX Joins the Military Justin Bachman Bloomberg June 12, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share NROL-76 MissionMore Not long ago, SpaceX founder Elon Musk cracked what he once labeled a monopoly for Defense Department space launches, successfully breaking into a business that was dominated by United Launch Alliance LLC. The DOD’s appetite for space access is voracious, given the myriad reconnaissance, defense, and communications roles there, coupled with a future where conflicts are almost certain to involve space assets. Musk’s 2014 lawsuit against the government was settled out of court and the Pentagon certified SpaceX, also known as Space Exploration Technologies Corp., as a suitable supplier of military space launches. More from Bloomberg.com: Google Execs Hunker Down for Summer Fight With EU as Fines Loom SpaceX’s first gig for the military was in May when it launched a satellite for the National Reconnaissance Office. But in a very public sense, Musk and the government this summer will test the theory that cheaper space launches are suitable for sensitive military missions. In August, SpaceX will carry one of the Pentagon’s premiere yet highly classified platforms into orbit. The X-37B spy craft, an unmanned miniature version of the Space Shuttle, logs missions that are well over a year in length. The most recent X-37B sojourn ended in May after more than 700 days circling the Earth. Boeing has built two of the craft, with the first launched in 2010. The August blastoff will be the program’s fifth flight. One major reason for SpaceX’s appeal to Pentagon brass: Sticker price. With its launches starting around $61 million, Musk’s company has been able to undercut its more established rival. United Launch Alliance, a Colorado-based joint venture of Boeing Co. and Lockheed Martin Corp., boasts an unblemished record of more than 100 launches, but it’s still working to bring its cost below $100 million. It plans to do so by 2019. More from Bloomberg.com: Trump Slams ‘Cowardly’ Comey as Sessions Offers to Testify On Friday, ULA’s president and chief executive, Salvatore “Tory” Bruno, said on Twitter that his company wanted to compete for the X-37B launch but wasn’t given a chance to do so. Tory Bruno @torybruno No. We were not given the opportunity to bid. https://t.co/2envWyGnXe https://twitter.com/torybruno/status/873243359204302849 “ULA remains fully committed to continuing to support America’s national security missions with world-class launch services,” spokeswoman Jessica Rye said in an email. A SpaceX spokesman, John Taylor, referred inquires to the Air Force, which didn’t respond to requests for comment. ULA officials, while touting their record, also argue that the cost comparison isn’t so simple because it provides the DOD redundant platforms and other launch systems, with both its Atlas and Delta rockets, to ensure launch readiness at any time—something its rivals do not. More from Bloomberg.com: Trump Can Take Payments From Foreign Governments, U.S. Says SpaceX’s new role as a military contractor is a key source of income for Musk’s company and supplements its NASA contracts for resupply missions to the International Space Station. Its far more ambitious plan, flying astronauts to the ISS, is set for next year. In February, SpaceX said it would also fly two private space tourists around the moon in 2018, though it didn’t disclose their identities or how much they have paid for the trip. More from Bloomberg.com Fixing Trump's Qatar Blunder (He's Not Helping) Vanguard's Bogle Says Ignore the Crowd, Stick to U.S. Stocks Melania Trump, Son Barron Move Into the White House Read Musk’s SpaceX Joins the Military on bloomberg.com Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next APNewsBreak: About 4,000 more US troops to go to Afghanistan Associated Press Tesla will begin Model 3 test drives in ‘late 2017’, but there’s a catch BGR News Tesla CEO Elon Musk Just Got Publicly Ridiculed By Audi The Street Elon Musk Reveals Vision for a SpaceX City on Mars Newsweek 6 novels that changed how Elon Musk and other billionaires see the world CNBC Think you’re buying on Amazon? It’s actually from Alibaba Yahoo Finance Doctors say US student freed by North Korea has brain damage Associated Press Doctors say the American student imprisoned in North Korea is experiencing 'unresponsive wakefulness' — here’s what that means Business Insider Dwyane Wade talks 'Wade' line with Amazon Fashion: 'you want something authentic' Yahoo Finance Video Stocks pare early losses as tech tumbles Yahoo Finance Trump proved James Comey right on a major part of their dispute Business Insider Draymond Green continues attack on LeBron James: 'You started the super-team, bro!' Business Insider My First House—with Dorothy Kern Things They Don't Tell You About... Til debt do us part: 12 ways not to go broke as a wedding guest Yahoo Finance Video Smart tattoos will soon track your health Yahoo Finance Chatter about whether LeBron James will leave the Cavs for the Lakers is growing Business Insider AP-NORC poll: Just 1 in 5 support Trump's move to fire Comey Rob: In other words, 30% of this country is so blindly partisan that they refuse to see the writing on the wall. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 5k
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU About The Company Bloomberg London Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Latest Issue Debrief Podcast Subscribe More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Sign In Sign In Subscribe Musk’s SpaceX Joins the Military The Air Force is trusting the billionaire to launch its secret space plane this summer, and the stakes are high. by Justin Bachman @justinbachman More stories by Justin Bachman June 12, 2017, 3:00 AM EDT June 12, 2017, 4:19 PM EDT QuickTake: Elon Musk Living on the Edge Not long ago, SpaceX founder Elon Musk cracked what he once labeled a monopoly for Defense Department space launches, successfully breaking into a business that was dominated by United Launch Alliance LLC. The DOD’s appetite for space access is voracious, given the myriad reconnaissance, defense, and communications roles there, coupled with a future where conflicts are almost certain to involve space assets. Musk’s 2014 lawsuit against the government was settled out of court, and the Pentagon certified SpaceX, also known as Space Exploration Technologies Corp., as a suitable supplier of military space launches. SpaceX’s first gig for the military was in May when it launched a satellite for the National Reconnaissance Office. But in a quite public sense, Musk and the government this summer will test the theory that cheaper space launches are suitable for sensitive military missions. In August, SpaceX will carry one of the Pentagon’s premiere yet highly classified platforms into orbit. The X-37B spy craft, an unmanned miniature version of the Space Shuttle, logs missions that are well over a year in length. The most recent X-37B sojourn ended in May after more than 700 days circling the Earth. Boeing has built two of the craft, with the first launched in 2010. The August blastoff will be the program’s fifth flight. One major reason for SpaceX’s appeal to Pentagon brass: sticker price. With its launches starting around $61 million, Musk’s company has been able to undercut its more established rival. United Launch Alliance, a Centennial, Colo.-based joint venture of Boeing Co. and Lockheed Martin Corp., boasts an unblemished record of more than 100 launches, but it’s still working to bring its cost below $100 million. It plans to do so by 2019. On Friday, ULA’s president and chief executive, Salvatore “Tory” Bruno, said on Twitter that his company wanted to compete for the X-37B launch but wasn’t given a chance to do so. No. We were not given the opportunity to bid. https://t.co/2envWyGnXe— Tory Bruno (@torybruno) June 9, 2017 The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up “ULA remains fully committed to continuing to support America’s national security missions with world-class launch services,” spokeswoman Jessica Rye said in an email. A SpaceX spokesman, John Taylor, referred inquires to the Air Force. An Air Force spokeswoman, Capt. Annemarie Annicelli, said in an email Monday that the August liftoff will use SpaceX’s Falcon 9 “Full Thrust,” a configuration that allows for greater payload weight. She declined to reveal a launch date. ULA officials, while touting their record, argue that a cost comparison between the joint venture and SpaceX isn’t so simple. ULA provides the DOD redundant platforms and other launch systems with both its Atlas and Delta rockets, they say, ensuring blastoff readiness at any time—something its rivals do not. SpaceX’s new role as a military contractor is a key source of income for Musk’s company and supplements its NASA contracts for resupply missions to the International Space Station. Its far more ambitious plan, flying astronauts to the ISS, is set for next year. In February, SpaceX said it would also fly two private space tourists around the moon in 2018, though it didn’t disclose their identities or how much they have paid for the trip. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Solar Power Will Kill Coal Faster Than You Think Bitcoin Tumbles Most in More Than Two Years After Record Run U.S. Stocks Slip on Tech Drop, Dollar Up After Fed: Markets Wrap Fed Raises Rates, Maintains Forecast for One More Hike Message Startup Slack Draws Interest From Amazon.com Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
|E-Paper Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Science Education Sports More... TechnologyConsumerSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Fractured Farms Plain Facts Demonetisation News Enterprise Tech Gadgets Tech Reviews Technology Apps Education Health Cricket Athletics FootBall Tennis Olympics Others × Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion LoungeMultimedia Science Education Sports TechnologyConsumerSpecialsMint on Sunday × Home » Politics Last Published: Mon, Jun 12 2017. 02 09 PM IST Elon Musk’s SpaceX joins US military SpaceX’s first gig for the US military was in May when it launched a satellite for the National Reconnaissance Office Justin Bachman A file photo of SpaceX CEO Elon Musk. Photo: Reuters Latest News » Maharashtra agricultural loan to exclude those getting income from other sources Bingeing on a long, strange trip Bengaluru Metro’s Phase 1 to roll out to public on Sunday Diwakar Reddy case: Ashok Gajapathi Raju orders probe into Vizag airport row Suspect identified in China kindergarten explosion, toll rises to eight Dallas: Not long ago, SpaceX founder Elon Musk cracked what he once labelled a monopoly for defence department space launches, successfully breaking into a business that was dominated by United Launch Alliance LLC. The Department of Defence’s (DOD) appetite for space access is voracious, given the myriad reconnaissance, defence, and communications roles there, coupled with a future where conflicts are almost certain to involve space assets. Musk’s 2014 lawsuit against the government was settled out of court and the Pentagon certified SpaceX, also known as Space Exploration Technologies Corp., as a suitable supplier of military space launches. SpaceX’s first gig for the military was in May when it launched a satellite for the National Reconnaissance Office. But in a very public sense, Musk and the government this summer will test the theory that cheaper space launches are suitable for sensitive military missions. In August, SpaceX will carry one of the Pentagon’s premiere yet highly classified platforms into orbit. The X-37B spy craft, an unmanned miniature version of the Space Shuttle, logs missions that are well over a year in length. The most recent X-37B sojourn ended in May after more than 700 days circling the Earth. Boeing has built two of the craft, with the first launched in 2010. The August blast-off will be the program’s fifth flight. One major reason for SpaceX’s appeal to Pentagon brass: Sticker price. With its launches starting around $61 million, Musk’s company has been able to undercut its more established rival. United Launch Alliance, a Colorado-based joint venture of Boeing Co. and Lockheed Martin Corp., boasts an unblemished record of more than 100 launches, but it’s still working to bring its cost below $100 million . It plans to do so by 2019. On Friday, ULA’s president and chief executive, Salvatore “Tory” Bruno, said on Twitter that his company wanted to compete for the X-37B launch but wasn’t given a chance to do so. “ULA remains fully committed to continuing to support America’s national security missions with world-class launch services,” spokeswoman Jessica Rye said in an email. A SpaceX spokesman, John Taylor, referred inquires to the Air Force, which didn’t respond to requests for comment. ULA officials, while touting their record, also argue that the cost comparison isn’t so simple because it provides the DOD redundant platforms and other launch systems, with both its Atlas and Delta rockets, to ensure launch readiness at any time — something its rivals do not. SpaceX’s new role as a military contractor is a key source of income for Musk’s company and supplements its NASA contracts for resupply missions to the International Space Station. Its far more ambitious plan, flying astronauts to the ISS, is set for next year. In February, SpaceX said it would also fly two private space tourists around the moon in 2018, though it didn’t disclose their identities or how much they have paid for the trip. Bloomberg Justin Bachman First Published: Mon, Jun 12 2017. 02 09 PM IST Topics: Elon Musk SpaceX US military US Department of Defence United Launch Alliance Editor's Picks » IIM placements: An insider’s view Sandeep Dadlani, Infosys Americas head, quits in setback to Vishal Sikka US’s Paris climate deal exit may lower India’s solar power tariffs further Mint on Sunday » Amish’s Warrior of Mithila fuses the mythological with the contemporary Of little-known Indian languages and scripts Art, Frida and chillies in Mexico Yours is the Earth and everything that’s in it Letter from... a polling booth in the UK Share Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Science Education Sports Specials Technology Mint on Sunday Contact Us About Us Advertising Sitemap Subscribe Mint Apps Shine Hindustantimes Syndication DesiMartini Privacy Policy Terms of Use Mint Code RSS Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved
This site uses cookies. By continuing, your consent is assumed. Learn more News... but not as you know it News Sport Trending Home Trending News UK World Weird Tech Sport Football Rumour Mill Club Metro Tennis Boxing UFC Entertainment Showbiz TV Film Music Gaming Soaps Lifestyle Sex Fashion Food Travel Video More Lifestyle Blogs Students Discounts Submit stuff Competitions Jobs Property Advertise Search Metro Follow us 119.5m shares Don’t panic, but Boeing is planning pilotless passenger flights Rob Waugh for Metro.co.ukMonday 12 Jun 2017 8:35 am Autopilot in the movie Airplane! (Picture: Paramount Pictures) Would you get on a passenger flight – knowing that there was no pilot at all, and a computer was going to take off, navigate and land the plane? First footage from inside Grenfell Tower shows horrific scenes faced by rescuers Autonomous systems already fly drones – but would passengers really get onto a plane where the pilot might have to be rebooted? Boeing aims to test that – with trial flights next year of AI systems (although next year’s flights will only carry engineers), The Register reports. Mike Sinnett, VP of Boeing, said, ‘The basic building blocks of the technology are clearly available. Boeing 737 Max (Picture Getty) Sinnett said that the industry is facing a severe shortage of pilots, and that the goal was to create an AI which could make decisions, just like a human pilot. Council leader says residents didn't want disruption of sprinklers being fitted ‘We are not smart enough to pre-program all those things. The machine has to be capable of making the same set of decisions. If it can’t, we cannot go there.’ More Teen who lost everything in Grenfell fire still turned up to GCSE exam in night clothes SponsoredHow much do looks REALLY matter when it comes to finding love? Woman offers 21 studio flats to Grenfell Tower residents Mum flooded bathroom in Grenfell Tower to buy time until family was rescued Comments Must read What's trending nowMore trending stories » Woman offers 21 studio flats to Grenfell Tower residents Man had sex with stranger on Ryanair flight 'while pregnant fiancée was at home' Man whose flat started Grenfell blaze 'packed luggage before raising alarm' Man behind Glenfell Tower cladding company is in hiding in his £1,000,000 house Arrest the killers: Call for manslaughter charges over tower block fireMore trending stories » VideoMore videos » Graphic shows how cavities in cladding forced fire upwards Grenfell Tower cladding ignites in lower heat experiment Scene inside ground floor of Grenfell Tower Lily Allen on Channel 4 NewsMore videos » YOU ARE HERE: News Home News Sport Lifestyle Entertainment More Blogs Jobs Search Metro Trending MetroUK @MetroUK © 2017 Associated Newspapers Limited Powered by WordPress.com VIP Your ad choices ContributorsTerms and ConditionsPrivacy PolicySite map Back to top Get us in your feed Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter
Executive Mosaic POC Executive Biz GovCon Executive Executive Gov GovConExec GovConIndex GovConVideo GovCon Wire Your Direct Source for Government Contracting News Home Contract Awards Executive Moves Financial Report M&A Activity Press Releases Weekly Roundup Advertise About GovConIndex Home / Executive Moves / Jenette Ramos Succeeds Pat Shanahan as Boeing Supply & Operations SVP Jenette Ramos Succeeds Pat Shanahan as Boeing Supply & Operations SVP Jane Edwards June 12, 2017 Executive Moves, News 206 Views Jenette Ramos Jenette Ramos, formerly vice president and general manager of fabrication at Boeing’s (NYSE: BA) commercial airplanes business, has been named senior VP for supply and operations of the aerospace and defense contractor. The 29-year company veteran succeeds Pat Shanahan, who was nominated in March by the Trump administration for the deputy secretary post at the Defense Department, Boeing said Friday. Ramos will report directly to CEO Dennis Muilenburg, manage Boeing’s supplier management and manufacturing operations and oversee the company’s environment, health and safety group. “Jenette brings to this role a tremendous set of leadership skills and aerospace experience that spans nearly three decades, including deep knowledge of the entire Boeing production system and great passion for our people, products and customers,” said Muilenburg, who is also president and chairman at Boeing. Prior to becoming head of fabrication in 2014, Ramos served as VP of operations supply chain rate capability at Boeing Commercial Airplanes. She joined Boeing in 1988 as an environmental engineer at the firm’s Reston, Washington-based plant and subsequently held the roles of director of safety, health and environmental affairs, chief of Boeing’s fabrication integrated aerostructures business unit and general manager of the firm’s site in Portland, Oregon. Ramos is a mentor for the Executive Development Institute and sits on the board of the Auburn Area Chamber of Commerce and Boeing/IAM Joint Programs. Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Tags Auburn Area Chamber of Commerce Boeing Boeing Commercial Airplanes Boeing/IAM Joint Programs Defense Department Dennis Muilenburg DOD Executive Development Institute executive move featured govcon Jenette Ramos Pat Shanahan Related Articles Lockheed to Produce Multiple Launch Rocket Warheads, Pods Under $472M FMS Contract June 16, 2017 June 15 Market Close: GovCon Index Closes Up While Major Indices Close Down June 15, 2017 Experts Warn Lawmakers of Increasing China Cyber Espionage Attacks June 15, 2017 Check Also NASA Awards Raytheon Potential $155M Neural Buoyancy Lab Support Contract Raytheon (NYSE: RTN) has received a potential seven-year, $154.5 million contract from NASA to support flight crew … Reports: US, Qatar Ink Potential $12B Deal for Boeing F-15 Jets The U.S. and Qatar have signed a potential $12 billion deal to supply Boeing-built (NYSE: … Archives Archives Select Month June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 Recent Popular Comments Tags Lockheed to Produce Multiple Launch Rocket Warheads, Pods Under $472M FMS Contract June 16, 2017 June 15 Market Close: GovCon Index Closes Up While Major Indices Close Down June 15, 2017 ACT I’s Michael Niggel Talks Cybersecurity as Guest Speaker at NDIA Defense Industrial Discussions June 15, 2017 SSL’s Robert Zitz: Pending DigitalGlobe Purchase to Boost MDA’s Satellite Imagery, Analysis & Insights Portfolio June 15, 2017 Riverbed Exhibits SD-WAN, Visibility Tech at AWS Public Sector Summit; Davis Johnson Comments June 15, 2017 Former DoD Acquisition Chief Frank Kendall Rejoins Renaissance Strategic Advisors June 9, 2017 497 Christian Marrone Elevates to CSRA SVP Post June 9, 2017 467 Harris Wins Potential $255M IDIQ to Replace USSOCOM Legacy Manpack Radios June 13, 2017 437 CSRA Gets Potential $498M DISA Contract for MilCloud 2.0 Infrastructure Services June 12, 2017 405 4 Firms Land Spots on $1.73B Navy Drone ISR Services IDIQ June 12, 2017 389 Jose: I believe Gregory Reyes is the right person for the job. he's got 28 years of pr... Fred Sullivan: Some Russian said that "Quantity has a quality of it's own." He was referring to... Michael Deal: A hundred fighter/attack aircraft to defend a continent and the adjoining sea la... Ravi Sharma: It is news of great pleasure ICF get hold of Digital IT Consulting Firm CITYTECH... Michael Deal: The acquisition and possible integration of a foreign subsidiary that uses cloud... govcon featured Executive Mosaic ExecutiveBiz Lockheed Martin Defense Department Contract Awards business news Financial News Northrop Grumman government contracting Raytheon Contract Award Boeing Executive moves DOD General Dynamics GovCon Index nyse news financial report SAIC U.S. Air Force U.S. Navy BAE Systems Navy Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor About GovConWire The premier source of breaking business news for the government contracting industry, GovCon Wire provides informative, to-the-point stories of the most significant contract awards, top-level executive moves, M&A activities and financial results of the sector’s most notable players. GovCon Wire is always on top of the most recent contracting sector activity and is updated in real time as the news breaks. ExecutiveBiz Raytheon to Support Army’s Strategic Systems Under $600M Contract; Dave Wajsgras Comments Leidos Names Successor to Retiring General Counsel Vincent Maffeo; Roger Krone Comments BAE Systems to Deliver Precision Laser-Guided Rockets Under $180M Navy Contract CSRA Promotes Exec Christian Marrone to SVP Role Boeing, Textron Subsidiaries to Provide UAS ISR Services to USSOCOM Under $475M Deal General Dynamics Unit to Perform Maintenance on USS Makin Island Under $106M Navy Contract @Follow Me New post: June 15 Market Close: GovCon Index Closes Up While Major Indices All Close Down https://t.co/7n32QHYfj210 hours ago New post: ACT I’s Michael Niggel Talks Cybersecurity as Guest Speaker at NDIA Defense Industrial Discussions https://t.co/WAYhvSzvKM11 hours ago New post: SSL’s Robert Zitz: Pending DigitalGlobe Purchase to Boost MDA’s Satellite Imagery, Analysis & Insights Por https://t.co/AMazJFKKrI11 hours ago Part of Executive Mosaic Network © Copyright 2017, All Rights Reserved Subscribe to our Newsletter I will subscribe laterSubscribe Now
Latest News Dow 21,360 -14.66 -0.07% Nasdaq 6,166 -29.39 -0.47% S&P 500 2,432 -5.46 -0.22% 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.5% higher at 12,753.44 3:02 A.M. ET Tesco shares rise 3.4% after sales report 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.7% higher at 5,254.92 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.3% higher at 7,439.87 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.3% higher at 387.08 2:46 A.M. ET Tesco's U.K. sales rise 2.3% on food boost 2:43 A.M. ET Rolls-Royce holds to outlook, excluding FX effects 2:41 A.M. ET EU new car sales rebound with 7.6% rise in May 2:40 A.M. ET Updated How Apple’s profitability is unmatched — in one chart 2:40 A.M. ET BHP Billiton names Ken MacKenzie as new chairman 2:40 A.M. ET Updated Sell for the summer as the stock market’s next 5% move is down, Deutsche Bank says 2:37 A.M. ET Greece reaches deal to unlock next bailout tranche 2:34 A.M. ET BP pushes ahead with offshore India gas plan 2:13 A.M. ET Updated Asian markets perk up as stronger dollar boosts exports 12:55 A.M. ET Oil set to add to streak of weekly losses 12:36 A.M. ET Nestlé exploring sale of U.S. confectionery unit 12:01 A.M. ET Nearly 1 in 3 Baby Boomers STILL have no clue what they want from their careers 6/15 Bank of Japan maintains its ultra-easy monetary policy 6/15 Updated Facebook: Controversial data-sharing policy is ‘indispensable’ in fighting terrorism 6/15 Updated Here’s a list of all the things millennials have been accused of killing — from wine corks to golf Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Norsk Titanium Announces Strategic Investment from an Affiliate of Fortress Investment Group By Published: June 12, 2017 2:00 a.m. ET Share OSLO, Norway, Jun 12, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Following the recent announcement by metal Additive Manufacturing innovator Norsk Titanium AS that it will deliver the world’s first FAA-approved, 3D-printed, structural titanium components to Boeing, Norsk Titanium today announced it has closed on a significant investment from Triangle Holdings LP (“Triangle”), an aerospace investment company owned by funds managed by affiliates of Fortress Investment Group LLC (“Fortress”). Triangle has invested over $1.2 billion in aircraft and aerospace related assets since its formation in 2011. Terms of the investment were not released. “This strategic investment from Triangle Holdings allows Norsk Titanium to extend our Rapid Plasma Deposition™ capability fully into the commercial aerospace sector and beyond that- and accelerates its revolutionary changes to metal manufacturing process forever,” said Norsk Titanium Chairman of the Board John Andersen, Jr. “The capabilities of Triangle and its affiliates are extraordinary, and the ambition demonstrated by this strategic investment will bring Norsk Titanium’s customers unprecedented application opportunities.” “Our focus is on the integration of advanced technologies with smart production and Industrial Internet-of-Things, which will bring a unique set of competences to our platform technology,” said Norsk Titanium President & Chief Executive Officer Warren M. Boley, Jr. “The fourth industrial revolution is being designed by corporations and individuals who display great vision and bold execution, and I am immensely proud to add Fortress as a partner on this ambitious journey.” “Based on a Strategic Cooperation Memorandum, our investment in Norsk Titanium reflects our strategy of investing in game-changing businesses across the aerospace sector,” said Jeremy Barnes, a partner in Triangle. “We look forward to working with Norsk Titanium on proliferating its RPD™ technology.” In March 2017, Norsk Titanium announced that it will deliver the world’s first FAA-approved, 3D-printed, structural Titanium components to Boeing, and in July 2016 announced a $125M state investment to build the world’s first industrial scale metal additive manufacturing plant in Plattsburgh, New York. The Dreamliner RPD™ components will be on display at the International Paris Airshow, Le Bourget June 19-25, 2017 at Norsk Titanium’s booth in Hall 1, Space H299, along with a full-scale mock-up of the company’s patented MERKE IV™ Rapid Plasma Deposition™ machine that produced the pioneering structural parts. About Norsk Titanium AS Norsk Titanium AS is the world’s pioneering supplier of aerospace-grade, additive manufactured, structural titanium components. The company is distinguished in the aviation industry by its patented Rapid Plasma Deposition™ (RPD™) process that transforms titanium wire into complex components suitable for structural and safety-critical applications. The Norsk Titanium research and development team is committed to displacing the inefficient forging and machining processes with a precision wire deposition technology enabling substantial savings for aerospace, defense, and commercial applications. To learn more, please visit www.norsktitanium.com About Triangle Triangle is an investment vehicle which focuses on the aerospace sector. Its activities range from equity investments in operating businesses to the ownership of an aircraft leasing company. Its primary platform is Falko, a specialist aircraft operating leasing, asset management and aircraft services company focused on the regional aircraft sector. It is one of the world’s largest managers of regional jets by aircraft numbers. Triangle was formed in July 2011 when funds managed by Fortress Investment Group completed the purchase of BAE Systems Asset Management and its associated aircraft portfolio. For further information visit www.falko.com or follow us on Twitter: Falko_RA View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170611005086/en/ SOURCE: Norsk Titanium AS Griffin Communications Group George Torres, 310-947-0982 media@norsktitanium.com Copyright Business Wire 2017 From MarketWatch More Coverage Stocks continue to mirror the dot-com era in ominous ways Costco’s online prices are lower than Amazon’s, study finds The smart money is refusing to buy big tech stocks now Most Popular Stay away from bitcoin — it’s complete garbage The smart money is refusing to buy big tech stocks now Bitcoin is suddenly on pace to have its worst week since 2015 Trump won’t be removed from office — and that’s why the Trump Trade is over How Asia Tech Titans Are Gaining Ground on U.S. Rivals MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Boeing Streamlining Defense and Space Unit to Boost Competitiveness ARLINGTON, Va., June 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Boeing [NYSE: BA] is taking the next step in making its Defense, Space & Security (BDS) unit more globally competitive by eliminating a layer of executive oversight. „We need to be an agile organization that is more responsive to customers’ needs and committed to continually improving productivity,” said Defense, Space & Security President and CEO Leanne Caret. „We are fundamentally addressing how we compete, win, and grow in Boeing’s second century.” As of July 1, the current Boeing Military Aircraft and Network & Space Systems segments will evolve into smaller entities reporting to Caret. Autonomous Systems: Insitu and Liquid Robotics subsidiaries; Echo Voyager maritime vehicle; vertical lift unmanned systems; and certain electronic and information systems. Space and Missile Systems: satellites; Boeing’s share of United Launch Alliance; the International Space Station; Ground-based Midcourse Defense; Ground Based Strategic Deterrent; Joint Direct Attack Munition and Harpoon weapons, among others. Strike, Surveillance and Mobility: F-15 and F/A-18 fighters; P-8 maritime patrol aircraft; Joint Surveillance Target Attack Radar System; modifications/upgrades to fixed-wing aircraft. Vertical Lift: AH-6i, AH-64 Apache, and CH-47 Chinook helicopters; V-22 Osprey tilt rotor. Boeing executives Chris Raymond, Jim Chilton, Shelley Lavender, and David Koopersmith will lead those, respectively. The Development, Global Operations, and Phantom Works segments, which also report to Caret, will largely be unchanged. About 50 executive positions will be affected this year as a result of the changes. For more on Defense, Space & Security, visit www.boeing.com. Follow us on Twitter: @BoeingDefense. Contact: Todd Blecher Office: +1 703-414-6033 Mobile: +1 312-543-4311 todd.h.blecher@boeing.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/boeing-streamlining-defense-and-space-unit-to-boost-competitiveness-300473399.html SOURCE Boeing Related Links http://www.boeing.com CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Telecom Power System Market Revenue, Emerging Key Players, Supply-Demand, Investment Feasibility and Forecast 2022 United States Next PostNext Demineralized Whey Powder Ingredient Market Analysis, Growth, Size, Share, Trends, Forecast, Supply Demand to 2020 Search Recent Posts High-Speed Camera Market: Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecasts 2016–2024 Multi-Touch Screen Market to Reflect Impressive Growth Rate by 2021 Joint Targeting School Marks Milestone Magnetic Field Sensors Market: Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecasts 2016–2024 Energy Department Announces up to $12 Million for Projects to Advance Wave Energy RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Boeing Streamlining Defense and Space Unit to Boost Competitiveness ARLINGTON, Va., June 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Boeing [NYSE: BA] is taking the next step in making its Defense, Space & Security (BDS) unit more globally competitive by eliminating a layer of executive oversight. „We need to be an agile organization that is more responsive to customers’ needs and committed to continually improving productivity,” said Defense, Space & Security President and CEO Leanne Caret. „We are fundamentally addressing how we compete, win, and grow in Boeing’s second century.” As of July 1, the current Boeing Military Aircraft and Network & Space Systems segments will evolve into smaller entities reporting to Caret. Autonomous Systems: Insitu and Liquid Robotics subsidiaries; Echo Voyager maritime vehicle; vertical lift unmanned systems; and certain electronic and information systems. Space and Missile Systems: satellites; Boeing’s share of United Launch Alliance; the International Space Station; Ground-based Midcourse Defense; Ground Based Strategic Deterrent; Joint Direct Attack Munition and Harpoon weapons, among others. Strike, Surveillance and Mobility: F-15 and F/A-18 fighters; P-8 maritime patrol aircraft; Joint Surveillance Target Attack Radar System; modifications/upgrades to fixed-wing aircraft. Vertical Lift: AH-6i, AH-64 Apache, and CH-47 Chinook helicopters; V-22 Osprey tilt rotor. Boeing executives Chris Raymond, Jim Chilton, Shelley Lavender, and David Koopersmith will lead those, respectively. The Development, Global Operations, and Phantom Works segments, which also report to Caret, will largely be unchanged. About 50 executive positions will be affected this year as a result of the changes. For more on Defense, Space & Security, visit www.boeing.com. Follow us on Twitter: @BoeingDefense. Contact: Todd Blecher Office: +1 703-414-6033 Mobile: +1 312-543-4311 todd.h.blecher@boeing.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/boeing-streamlining-defense-and-space-unit-to-boost-competitiveness-300473399.html SOURCE Boeing Related Links http://www.boeing.com CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Telecom Power System Market Revenue, Emerging Key Players, Supply-Demand, Investment Feasibility and Forecast 2022 United States Next PostNext Demineralized Whey Powder Ingredient Market Analysis, Growth, Size, Share, Trends, Forecast, Supply Demand to 2020 Search Recent Posts High-Speed Camera Market: Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecasts 2016–2024 Multi-Touch Screen Market to Reflect Impressive Growth Rate by 2021 Joint Targeting School Marks Milestone Magnetic Field Sensors Market: Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecasts 2016–2024 Energy Department Announces up to $12 Million for Projects to Advance Wave Energy RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Market Research Report 2017 Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Market WiseGuyReports.com adds “Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Market 2017 Global Analysis Research Report Forecasting to 2022”reports to its database. PUNE, INDIA, June 13, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Market: Executive Summary In this report, the global Missiles and Missile Defense Systems market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Missiles and Missile Defense Systems in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Request Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1409240-global-missiles-and-missile-defense-systems-market-research-report-2017 Global Missiles and Missile Defense Systems market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including Raytheon MBDA Rafael Advanced Defense Systems Lockheed Martin Corporation Boeing Thales Bharat Dynamics Denel Dynamics Mectron Sagem Makeyev Design Bureau Tactical Missiles Kongsberg Defense Systems Saab BAE Systems Northrop Grumman Alliant Techsystems Rheinmetall Defense Aerojet Rocketdyne BrahMos Aerospace On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Missile Defense Systems Surface-To-Air Missiles Air-To-Surface Missiles Air-To-Air Missiles Anti-Ship Missiles On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Missiles and Missile Defense Systems for each application, including Military Simulation Exercises Other If you have any special requirements, please let us know and we will offer you the report as you want. For further information on this report, visit –https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1409240-global-missiles-and-missile-defense-systems-market-research-report-2017 Table of Contents Global Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Market Research Report 2017 1 Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Missiles and Missile Defense Systems 1.2 Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Missile Defense Systems 1.2.4 Surface-To-Air Missiles 1.2.5 Air-To-Surface Missiles 1.2.6 Air-To-Air Missiles 1.2.7 Anti-Ship Missiles 1.3 Global Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Segment by Application 1.3.1 Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Military 1.3.3 Simulation Exercises 1.3.4 Other 1.4 Global Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Missiles and Missile Defense Systems (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 2 Global Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1 Global Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Capacity, Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.1 Global Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Capacity and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.2 Global Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.2 Global Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.3 Global Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Average Price by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.4 Manufacturers Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area and Product Type 2.5 Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Market Competitive Situation and Trends 2.5.1 Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Market Concentration Rate 2.5.2 Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers 2.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion … 7 Global Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 Raytheon 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Product Category, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Product A 7.1.2.2 Product B 7.1.3 Raytheon Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 MBDA 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Product Category, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Product A 7.2.2.2 Product B 7.2.3 MBDA Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 Rafael Advanced Defense Systems 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.3.2 Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Product Category, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Product A 7.3.2.2 Product B 7.3.3 Rafael Advanced Defense Systems Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.4 Lockheed Martin Corporation 7.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.4.2 Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Product Category, Application and Specification 7.4.2.1 Product A 7.4.2.2 Product B 7.4.3 Lockheed Martin Corporation Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.5 Boeing 7.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.5.2 Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Product Category, Application and Specification 7.5.2.1 Product A 7.5.2.2 Product B 7.5.3 Boeing Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.6 Thales 7.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.6.2 Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Product Category, Application and Specification 7.6.2.1 Product A 7.6.2.2 Product B 7.6.3 Thales Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.7 Bharat Dynamics 7.8 Denel Dynamics 7.9 Mectron 7.10 Sagem 7.11 Makeyev Design Bureau 7.12 Tactical Missiles 7.13 Kongsberg Defense Systems 7.14 Saab 7.15 BAE Systems 7.16 Northrop Grumman 7.17 Alliant Techsystems 7.18 Rheinmetall Defense 7.19 Aerojet Rocketdyne 7.20 BrahMos Aerospace …CONTINUED Buy this Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1409240 Norah Trent WiseGuy Research Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 email us here CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Europe, the Middle East and Africa Specialty Silica Market Outlook – Latest Development and Market Trends 2017-2021 Next PostNext Smart Learning Systems Market 2017 analysis by Application, Products and Technology Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Car Amplifiers Market Size (Value), Growth, Share, Trends, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Concrete Mixers Market United States: Report Focused on Top Manufacturers, Developments & Growth By 2022 Double Edges Blade Market in Europe Report 2022: Present Scenario for Business Opportunities, Drivers and Trends Double Edges Blade Market in Europe Report 2022: Present Scenario for Business Opportunities, Drivers and Trends Waste Water SCADA Market : Emerging Market Trends, Size, Share and Growth Analysis RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity Aircraft Interiors IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Aircraft & Engines > Leasing > Lessor SMBC Aviation Capital reports 48% profit boost Lessor SMBC Aviation Capital reports 48% profit boost Jun 13, 2017 Alan Dron EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Related Media Photo Gallery: This Week in Aviation-June 12-16, 2017 Advertisement Ireland-based lessor SMBC Aviation Capital saw its pre-tax profits climb to $346 million for the financial year ended March 31, 2017, up 48% compared to the previous year’s figure of $233 million. Net profit figures were not released; a spokesman said the company’s full accounts would not be filed until August. Revenue and other operating income for the financial year rose 11% to $1.2 billion (2016: $1.05 billion), driven by what the company described as investments in young aircraft combined with strong aircraft trading activity. Owned by a consortium of Japanese financial institutions, SMBC’s aircraft assets increased 3% to $10.5 billion, with 670 owned, managed and committed aircraft on the books at year-end. Over the course of fiscal 2016-17, SMBC completed 111 transactions including its first deliveries of Airbus A320neos and Boeing 787s. “This has been another year of strong financial and operational growth, which is testament to the strength of our strategy of continued investment in young aircraft, combined with trading through the cycle,” SMBC Aviation Capital CEO Peter Barrett said. “The delivery of the newest-technology aircraft has commenced with the placement on sale and leaseback over the year of four A320neos, seven Boeing 787-8s and our first A350 since year-end,” he said. According to a company statement, SMBC experienced “significant investor demand for our portfolio and sold 39 aircraft in total to 24 different investors, 20 of which were new customers. This enabled us to lower the weighted average age of our overall portfolio to 4.5 years. When combined with our order book of 110 Airbus A320neo and 90 Boeing 737 MAX aircraft, this supports us in maintaining one of the youngest, most technologically advanced and fuel-efficient fleets in the industry.” Alan Dron alandron@adepteditorial.com Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Air Lease Corp. 2016 net profit up 48% to $375 million   The Good Life   Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings posts 48% 2Q net profit rise 1   Aircraft Leasing Business Sees Growth   BOC Aviation posts $418 million net profit for 2016   Blogs & Commentary Jun 7, 2017 blog Airlines need Brexit answers. Soon. The UK is scheduled to leave the EU (Brexit) by the end of March 2019, but airlines don’t have two years, they need answers by April next year....More Jun 6, 2017 blog Editor’s Blog: Walsh’s meltdown over the BA meltdown A clearly irritated Willie Walsh was ready to chastise the press. “It wasn’t a computer meltdown,” he said as soon as he was asked about the British Airways incident that essentially shut down the airline’s London operations. “It was not a failure of IT; it was a failure of power.”...More Jun 5, 2017 blog Editor's Blog: The USA becomes the unnamed problem child If you wanted an indicator of how far the US has fallen in the regard of global opinion, Cancun would be a good place to be this week.As one speaker on a panel on protectionism said, “it’s going to get a lot messier in world free trade”....More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location IATA AGM coverage brought to you by:  Jun 14, 2017 Article ATW Plus LOT CEO: Warsaw airport capacity limits affect growth   LOT Polish Airlines could see its rapid growth pace slow down as Warsaw Chopin Airport reaches capacity....More Jun 14, 2017 Article ATW Plus Icelandair CEO: Transatlantic business remains a challenge   Icelandair continues to grow on transatlantic routes, but the carrier’s expansion is affected by capacity limits at its Reykjavik hub and increasing competition from low-cost carriers (LCCs)....More Jun 13, 2017 Article ATW Plus TAAG Angola Airlines expects another challenging year South Africa-based TAAG Angola Airlines continues to struggle in a difficult operating environment in Africa, CCO William Boulter told ATW in an exclusive interview last week at the IATA AGM in Cancun....More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Wharton, University of Pennsylvania The K@W Network: English 简体中文 繁體中文 Español Portugués Log In Register Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Rows Knowledge @ Wharton Search World Search Topics Finance Innovation Leadership Marketing Management Public Policy Social Impact Technology Regions North America Asia-Pacific Europe Latin America Middle East & Africa Global Focus Research K@W Radio More Books Videos Opinion Sponsor Collaborations Reports About About Us Our Team Media Room News Feeds Partnerships Feedback Management Why Budget Airlines Are Flying High Jun 13, 2017 Operations Management Strategic Management Europe North America Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Comment Quote Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Comment Quote Flying the friendly skies is getting more turbulent — at least for transatlantic travel. Buoyed by low oil prices and new fuel-efficient aircraft, several low-cost European carriers are challenging major legacy airlines in the lucrative U.S.-Europe market, with sometimes jaw-droppingly low fares. Iceland’s Wow Air has offered base fares as low as $55 one-way from the West Coast and Miami to Europe. Norwegian Air Shuttle fares came down as low as $69 to fly across the pond in the summer. In June, British Airways parent IAG launched its own transatlantic low-cost carrier, Level. It has offered flights from Los Angeles to Barcelona starting at $149. Air France is getting ready to launch its own budget carrier, Boost. To be sure, ancillary fees often pad the base fares of budget carriers. These charges run the gamut from those for checked baggage including carry-ons, meals, in-flight entertainment, seat reservations, blankets and pillows as well as printing out a boarding pass. It is also not unusual to see a rock-bottom departure fare with a much higher one for the return. But despite the fees, budget carriers are still cheaper than big airlines. Low-cost carriers are able to slash prices by keeping operating and labor costs low — flying newer and more fuel-efficient planes that can travel farther without refueling, executing shorter plane turnaround times to maximize flying time, avoiding expensive airports in big cities, hiring younger staff at lower pay, selling tickets directly to consumers online and other cost-saving moves, says Wharton operations, information and decisions professor Gerry Tsoukalas, who has studied airlines. “As long as this remains true [and fuel prices stay low], it shouldn’t be a surprise if these types of airlines can be successful and gain some market share. Legacy carriers either cannot or do not want to compete on all of these dimensions.” Regulatory changes also motivated European budget carriers to start transatlantic service. In 2008, amendments to the U.S. and the European Union “Open Skies” agreement took effect. It let both sides’ airlines fly freely between their cities, and extended the rights to some non-EU nations such as Switzerland. Before the amendment, each European nation had to strike a bilateral air transport agreement with the U.S. and faced other restrictions. The arrival of low-cost, long-haul airlines — ones that fly to destinations six hours out or longer — are already putting market pressure on transatlantic fares. The median airfare from the U.S. to 20 European cities is down 20% compared to a year ago, according to Time magazine, citing figures from travel site Kayak. Well-traveled cities such as Paris, Amsterdam and Barcelona saw greater dips of more than 30% due to stiffer competition. In domestic travel, the feasibility of low-cost carriers is a proven story with the success of Southwest, JetBlue and others. They have showed “beyond doubt that a low-cost, low-price model is sustainable,” Tsoukalas says. Overseas travel is another matter. While “demand for cheap tickets isn’t a fad and many people are willing to sacrifice convenience on short trips, whether this readily extends to long-haul travel remains to be seen.” However, he adds, early indications show that it works for certain markets. “As long as this remains true [and fuel prices stay low], it shouldn’t be a surprise if these types of airlines can be successful and gain some market share.”–Gerry Tsoukalas Skytrain and People Express Sponsored Content: As part of its homage to pioneers, Norwegian Air Shuttle said earlier this year that it would feature Sir Freddie Laker on the tail fins of its Boeing 737 Max planes. The British entrepreneur founded Laker Airways, which launched Skytrain in the 1970s, the first low-cost transatlantic airline to fly directly between London and New York, according to a research paper by Peter Morrell, a visiting professor at the Department of Air Transport at Cranfield University in the U.K. and author of Airline Finance. Skytrain flew point-to-point, or without stopovers. It charged for in-flight meals, packed people into one class of 345 seats and used only McDonnell Douglas DC-10s to simplify staff and maintenance crew training. It offered fares of 32.50 pounds when full-fare rivals charged about 100 pounds. Initially, people had to queue to get on the flight; it didn’t have advance bookings and the internet wasn’t around yet. Skytrain failed in 1982 during an economic downturn after big carriers cut their fares. In the 1980s, the U.S. saw its own low-cost, long-haul carrier emerge: People Express. It flew between New York and London. The airline cut costs by paying modest salaries but added profit sharing, and its crew multitasked — for example, pilots helped with the luggage, according to The New York Times. But the big carriers also cut costs and lowered prices, betting that travelers wouldn’t mind paying a little extra for full service. People Express expanded too fast and went bust in 1987. While long-haul budget airlines were flailing, low-cost upstart Southwest Airlines took off by specializing in no-frills short-haul flights. It launched its first flight in 1971 with six roundtrip fares between Dallas and San Antonio, Texas, and 12 trips between Dallas and Houston, charging $20 each way. Today, Southwest and other low-cost carriers — JetBlue, Spirit and Frontier, among others — have changed the way Americans travel. As they got bigger, low-cost carriers added more frills such as seat reservations and frequent flier programs, according to a market outlook report from Boeing. They’ve also expanded their routes to include parts of the Caribbean and Latin America. Some are adding premium class and targeting business travelers. Major airlines are copying budget carriers, too: charging for baggage and meals, and rolling out “basic economy” fares, among other offerings. Tsoukalas predicted in a 2008 research paper that low-cost carriers and legacy airlines would see a “cost convergence.” “To some extent, this has been happening,” he explains. “Legacy carriers in the U.S. have used consolidation and Chapter 11 [bankruptcy reorganization] to reduce part of their cost base, while low-cost carriers have had to deal with increasing staff seniority, which has driven wages higher.” “Legacy airlines have the advantage of having a large number of airplanes and can fly to many more places than budget airlines.”–Z. John Zhang Back then, major carriers didn’t pay too much attention to low-cost rivals until Southwest and other budget carriers became serious competition. They’re not going to make the same mistake with European low-cost carriers, Tsoukalas says. “The effect [of low-cost carriers] so far has been limited in the grand scheme of things, but it’s clear Norwegian’s move into low-cost long haul travel didn’t go unnoticed. Most legacy carriers have learned their lesson when it comes to ignoring low-cost carriers.” Legacy Airlines’ Advantages But budget airlines face a tough uphill battle when it comes to unseating major carriers in the long-haul market. “Legacy airlines have the advantage of having a large number of airplanes and can fly to many more places than budget airlines. They have many more alliances with many airlines to many cities,” says Wharton marketing professor Z. John Zhang, who studies pricing. With major airlines, travelers can connect at airline hubs to go to myriad destinations. It is more complicated with a budget carrier. For example, flying from Philadelphia to Bern, Switzerland could entail taking a connecting flight on a major airline through the Frankfurt, Germany hub, according to Zhang. This network of connections works to the advantage of big carriers. “If you fly a budget airline, you land in Frankfurt and then what do you do? Take your luggage out and check it in again” at another carrier? Another reason why long-haul travel is harder for budget carriers to succeed in than short-haul is that the cost-conscious consumers they are targeting tend to be leisure travelers. But leisure travelers usually take long flights — say from Chicago to Paris — when they are embarking on a big vacation, and they don’t do that too often. They also tend to want more comfort since they are flying long hours. Moreover, on a big vacation, the airfare is probably not the biggest expense, according to Zhang. “I think there’s room for a couple that do this pricing very well to succeed because there is a market.”–Senthil Veeraraghavan Typically, long-haul flights are mostly taken by business travelers, Zhang adds. “Those business travelers don’t really care about the price as much [as leisure travelers]. They probably care more about services and scheduling, which means if an airline offers frequent flights, that’s a good thing.” Budget airlines usually fly to a smaller number of cities, offer fewer flights and might not fly daily to a destination. That is why Zhang is more bullish on major carriers. “Legacy airlines just need to leverage their advantages: networks, destinations and services.” The good news is that Zhang sees the market expanding as travelers are lured by low airfares from all sides. “There will be more people flying across the Atlantic, which is good for the economy overall.” Wharton operations, information and decisions professor Senthil Veeraraghavan sees room for growth in long haul: Domestic, or short-haul, flights are running at about 84% full (load factor) whereas transatlantic flights are around 80%. He also expects the number of travelers to increase due to a rising middle class, particularly in China. Tsoukalas expects budget transatlantic carriers to stay — for now. “Underpinning this trend has been a prolonged period of low fuel prices,” he says. “If this changes in the future, there could very well be a shakeout. When your business model relies on being able to sell transatlantic fares for $100, you aren’t very robust to [withstand] exogenous shocks that can affect your cost base.” His caveat: “The airline industry is very cyclical and this is difficult to predict.” Veeraraghavan, however, sees a few budget carriers surviving in long-haul: “I think there’s room for a couple that do this pricing very well to succeed because there is a market.” Photo credit: By Eric Salard from Paris, France – EC-MIN CDG, CC BY-SA 2.0, https://commons.wikimedia.org/w/index.php?curid=52273838 Citing Knowledge@Wharton Close For Personal use: Please use the following citations to quote for personal use: MLA "Why Budget Airlines Are Flying High." Knowledge@Wharton. The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania, 13 June, 2017. Web. 16 June, 2017 <http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/the-rise-of-the-budget-airline/> APA Why Budget Airlines Are Flying High. Knowledge@Wharton (2017, June 13). Retrieved from http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/the-rise-of-the-budget-airline/ Chicago "Why Budget Airlines Are Flying High" Knowledge@Wharton, June 13, 2017, accessed June 16, 2017. http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/the-rise-of-the-budget-airline/ For Educational/Business use: Please contact us for repurposing articles, podcasts, or videos using our content licensing contact form. Additional Reading Management How Uber Can Reset Its Corporate Culture In order to create a healthier corporate culture, Uber will need leaders who are committed to change. Management To Manage Millennials, Lead Them Well Millennials have a reputation for being difficult to engage and retain. But could the core problem be with their leaders? Sponsored Content Leveraging Customer Analytics for Business Success Wharton professor and analytics expert Peter Fader joins WNS executives Raj SivaKumar and Mike Nemeth to discuss the power of harnessing customer analytics for business success.   Join The Discussion No Comments So Far Log In or sign up to comment Knowledge@Wharton Partners View All Partners Partner Collaborations Become a Content Partner The Wharton School is committed to sharing its intellectual capital through the school’s online business journal, Knowledge@Wharton. Podcasts Hear what CEOs, Wharton faculty, and other commentators have to say about the latest business trends, breaking news and market research in their own words. Listen Now stay informed Get Knowledge@Wharton delivered to your inbox every week. Follow us on: Facebook Twitter  LinkedIn About Knowledge@Wharton Become a Content Partner Privacy Policy Feedback All materials copyright of the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.
The Unknown Startups Fueling Aerospace With Fancy Tech Subscribe business culture design gear science security transportation photo video backchannel Search business culture design gear science security transportation photo video backchannel Photo Video Backchannel Magazine Wired Insider Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. submit Author: Sarah ScolesSarah Scoles science 06.13.17 12:00 pm The Unknown Startups Fueling Aerospace With Fancy Tech Starburst Accelerator Share share tweet comment email Author: Sarah ScolesSarah Scoles science 06.13.17 12:00 pm The Unknown Startups Fueling Aerospace With Fancy Tech Starburst Accelerator Concrete support beams, their bottom portions painted crayon yellow, loomed behind a projector screen last Friday inside a warehouse near the Denver airport. By 11 am, the space was stocked with aerospace entrepreneurs from 10 startups. The hopeful engineers and scientists had come to the Mile High City from as far away as Spain, to stand beneath that projector and pitch potential investors—on their weather-shielded drones, their gas-free airplanes, and their plug-and-play sensors. You might think rocket-science and -adjacent companies want to keep their R&D in-house, given how cliche-difficult their work is. But they actually outsource a fair bit, especially to younger and more agile companies. And here in Denver, a Paris-based organization called Starburst Accelerator is helping them do just that. Starburst is a bit different from other accelerators: It focuses on aerospace technology, doesn’t necessarily think of Silicon Valley as its incubator for genius, and is willing to take on eat-your-vegetables inventions that nevertheless have the ability to “disrupt.” Founded by Francois Chopard in 2012, the organization has offices current or planned in six countries, the better to unearth companies that can’t afford (or don’t want) to hang their shingles in the Bay Area or Research Triangle Park. Its accelerator program takes 18-ish months to mentor small companies and help them—160 so far—meet with the kinds of big-name industrialists and investors with contracts, capital, and fancy facilities. In Denver, Chopard’s partner Van Espahbodi was emceeing the live event, where would-be investors vetted the startups, rated their performances—and perhaps planned to offer deals after the Powerpoints are over. Related Stories Sarah Scoles SpaceX Wants to Launch Thousands of Satellites. What on Earth For? Sarah Scoles How to Succeed in the Asteroid Business Without Really Mining Sarah Scoles Luxembourg's Bid to Become the Silicon Valley of Space Mining Starburst’s sped-up companies include some you’ve probably heard of, like Deep Space Industries, which intends to mine asteroids. But the list contains many more unknowns. Like AVA, a “solution for measurement and interpretation of vibrations,” and Cevotec, maker of a “composite fiber patch replacement.” There’s a reason they’re not household names: While patch replacements and vibration measurements are undoubtedly useful, they’re small, unsexy cogs in big machines—not technologies a CTO can easily pitch a generalist. But aerospace industry insiders are more likely to hear “revolutionary and lucrative” (instead of “zzzzz”) when a nervous founder says “composite fiber patch replacement.” Those are exactly the kinds of small technical advances that big-fish aerospace companies—Boeing, Raytheon, and Northrop Grumman, among others—need to make their technologies more efficient, more communicative, and less likely to blow up. So instead, they support small companies’ development, and perhaps later buy their products (or them). Starburst, for a fee from those big fish and a cut of future deals with the small ones, is more than happy to aid them both. So they showed up at this warehouse, for the possibility that one of the pitchers will save them a lot of R&D. Diasporizing Investment Neerav Shah of Aerotronic stepped up to bat first. He flashed a picture of Dauntless, the company’s single-rotor, weather-hardened drone. It looked like a malevolent dolphin-shark. His metaphor, though: “We like to think of it as a truck bed.” Using that bed, Shah imagines the oil industry can detect pipeline leaks, first responders can fly above an Event and send video back to the command center, and power companies can aerially inspect solar panels. Aerotronic hails from Indianapolis, a place where not so much startup capital ventures. In fact, much of the money stays near the Golden Gate, with the Bay Area snapping up more than 25 percent of all investments. In the world. Because of that geo-centrism, investors likely miss lots of good ideas. After all, smart people live everywhere. Like in Los Angeles, a city that gets 3.5 percent of the venture budget. It’s home to pitch panelist Wright Electric, which wants to commercialize a short-haul electric airplane. Or the Denver area, which doesn’t break the top 20 VC cities. It’s represented Friday in part by Orbital Micro Systems, which makes weather-monitoring satellites that will produce 30 times more data than the government’s orbiters. Starburst, in other words, is location-agnostic. Of the 10 companies presenting, just two were from the Bay Area. Halfway through these 10, the group took a break. Music came on in the background. It was symphonic, no-singer covers of pop music. Like OneRepublic’s “Secrets,” with the apt and unsung lyrics “Tell me what you want to hear / something that will light those ears.” The projects above are the flashier of the 10, the ones that might warrant some Silicon-Valley syllables. But the event also featured companies whose products made me wish there were coffee and not just iced tea. There was iJet Technologies, predicated on the idea that airplanes don’t send enough self-knowledge back to the ground. Airlines need “intelligent, real-time processing of aircraft data,” as the company’s one-sheeter says. Yawn, right? But iJet claims that could save airlines $7,500 per month—per airplane—with features like alerts for maintenance issues and emissions reporting. Look at the sky: There are a lot of airplanes. And then there was Farsens, from Spain, for, as the representative said, “whenever you can think about putting a sensor in a place you can’t reach.” (What a slogan!) The company makes battery-free sensors for measurements like temperature, pressure, humidity, and force. They use RFID: the same kind of technology that makes keycards unlock office doors. Stick them anywhere you want, and … sense! That’s straightforwardly useful—especially if you want to know what’s going on in, say, the belly of an aircraft—but again, not a pitch you’d make into an HBO series. SynapseMX wouldn’t make the TV cut, either. The company’s representative, Shane Ballman of Atlanta, began his presentation by noting that aircraft mechanics are getting up there in years. Half of Boeing’s engineers and mechanics, for example, will be eligible to retire by 2019. Ballman’s fix? A workflow-smoothing text-message system tailored to aircraft technicians, of course. SynapseMX sends an SMS when, say, Frank has fixed that hydraulic leak and is ready for you to check nut torque. (Great, because what everyone wants is more beeps from their phone, specifically ones about what Frank is doing.) Gripe all you want, but the system cut the average number of techs per plane from 10.2 to 2.6. And that will keep airplanes flying when the Franks retire. The presentations—the last from local ExoTerra, which proffers thrusters for CubeSats—ended a few minutes early, and the entrepreneurs propelled themselves over to the waiting wine, to talk about sensors and workflow and electromagnetic spectrum allocation. And maybe—just maybe—to strike a deal with one of the nicer-suited executives, to be contractualized or monetized at a later date. There was no saving the world at the Starburst pitch event, no high-flying rhetoric. Just hardware, specs, the solving of specific physical problems. And the sense that the big fish might need the little ones, in addition to the other way around, regardless of which ocean they inhabit. Related Video Science Meet America's Newest, High-Techiest Weather Satellite The GOES-16 atmospheric satellite is a super-powered machine that can predict the future. At least as far as weather is concerned. #space #aerospace #satellites #incubator #venture capital Most Popular security Robert Mueller Chooses His Investigatory Dream TeamAuthor: Garrett M. GraffGarrett M. Graff security Everyone Donald Trump Has Blocked on Twitter: A Running ListAuthor: Ashley FeinbergAshley Feinberg gear Twitter Redesigned Itself to Make the Tweet Supreme AgainAuthor: David PierceDavid PierceMore Stories View Comments Sponsored StoriesPowered By Outbrain Natalie Wolchover New Math Untangles the Mysterious Nature of Causality Mallory Pickett Scientist Screwed Up? Send 'Em to Researcher Rehab David Ferry The New War on (Overpriced) Drugs Ellen Airhart Canada Is Using Genetics to Make Cows Less Gassy Megan Molteni Health Care Cuts Get Their Own Hearing on Capitol Hill Megan Molteni With Breast Cancer, the Best Treatment May Be No Treatment More science Cryptography Chinese Satellite Relays a Quantum Signal Between CitiesAuthor: Sophia ChenSophia Chen Climate Desk Arctic Climate Change Study Canceled Due to Climate ChangeAuthor: Jessica WapnerJessica Wapner Medicine The Pharmacy of the Future Is Ready For Your Bathroom CounterAuthor: Emily Dreyfuss Emily Dreyfuss Disasters The Enduring Problem of Fighting High-Rise FiresAuthor: Adam RogersAdam Rogers Artificial Intelligence This New Atari-Playing AI Wants to Dethrone DeepMindAuthor: Nick StocktonNick Stockton Climate Desk Urban Heat Islands Can Be Deadly, and They're Only Getting HotterAuthor: Molly PetersonMolly Peterson We RecommendPowered By Outbrain Rhett Allain Physics Proves No One Can Safely Text and Drive Megan Molteni Jeff Sessions' War on Medical Marijuana Gets Public Health All Wrong Susan Liautaud Ethical Innovation Means Giving Society a Say Megan Molteni The Mind-Boggling Math That (Maybe) Mapped the Brain in 11 Dimensions Sophia Chen Mini Particle Accelerators Make Cancer Treatment Safer For Everyone Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. submit Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us Securedrop T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS CNMN Collection Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU About The Company Bloomberg London Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Latest Issue Debrief Podcast Subscribe More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Sign In Sign In Subscribe U.S. to Start Delivering Smart Bombs to Saudi Arabia Soon, Officials Say by Anthony Capaccio @ACapaccio More stories by Anthony Capaccio June 13, 2017, 10:57 AM EDT Obama-era sale is separate from $110 billion Trump package Munitions not held up by U.S. over Saudi war in Yemen The U.S. will start delivering smart bombs to Saudi Arabia as part of a $1.3 billion arms package approved in 2015, according to two officials with knowledge of the plans. Get the latest on global politics in your inbox, every day. Get our newsletter daily. Sign Up The State Department notified Congress last week of its intention to start deliveries within a month, according to the officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the decision hasn’t been made public. The package includes tail kits built by Boeing Co. that convert unguided bombs into munitions directed by the Global Positioning System, as well as laser-guided bombs built by Raytheon Co. The sale, which was approved by Congress in 2015, is separate from a $110 billion arms package touted by President Donald Trump during his trip to the Middle East last month. It is, however, another signal of the Trump administration’s pivot toward Saudi Arabia, which the U.S. sees as a critical ally in the fight against terrorism. The smart bomb sale is also not part of a contentious $500 million package of munitions that some lawmakers are seeking to stall. A group of senators led by Republican Rand Paul of Kentucky and Chris Murphy of Connecticut are seeking a vote of disapproval on the sale Tuesday in Congress. They are among a number of lawmakers and human-rights groups that has criticized Riyadh’s persecution of the war against militants in Yemen over the number of civilian casualties. “The Administration’s notice to us that they are about to start delivering precision-guided munitions in 30 days from a previous sale shows that the Saudis won’t be running out of these weapons anytime soon,” Senator Ben Cardin, the top Democrat on the Foreign Relations Committee, said in a statement provided by a spokesman. “We need to send a message to both the Trump Administration and the Saudis to work much harder to avoid civilian casualties, expedite humanitarian relief, and push for a peaceful end to the war through a negotiated political settlement,” Cardin added. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Solar Power Will Kill Coal Faster Than You Think Bitcoin Tumbles Most in More Than Two Years After Record Run U.S. Stocks Slip on Tech Drop, Dollar Up After Fed: Markets Wrap Fed Raises Rates, Maintains Forecast for One More Hike Message Startup Slack Draws Interest From Amazon.com Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Virtual Training Market Size in Global Industry : Trends, Analysis, Growth and Status 2017 Albany, New York, June 13, 2017 : ResearchMoz presents professional and in-depth study of „Global Virtual Training Market 2017 – Demand, Insights, Analysis, Opportunities, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022”. This report Mainly covers the following product types Flight Simulators Shooting Simulator Driving Simulator Medical Simulator The segment applications including Military Pilot Training Medical School Others Segment regions including (other regions also can be added) USA Europe China Japan The players list(Partly, Players you are interested in can also be added) Lockheed Martin Corporation Boeing CAE Saab AAI Corporation DCNS Cassidian Sikorsky Aircraft Corporation Rockwell Collins Kratos Defense and Security Solutions Teledyne Brown Engineering Cycleops Get PDF for more Professional and Technical insights @ www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=S&repid=1066791 Table of Contents 1 Industry Overview of Virtual Training 1.1 Definition and Specifications of Virtual Training 1.1.1 Definition of Virtual Training 1.1.2 Specifications of Virtual Training 1.2 Classification of Virtual Training 1.2.1 Flight Simulators 1.2.2 Shooting Simulator 1.2.3 Driving Simulator 1.2.4 Medical Simulator 1.3 Applications of Virtual Training 1.3.1 Military 1.3.2 Pilot Training 1.3.3 Medical School 1.3.4 Others 1.4 Industry Chain Structure of Virtual Training 1.5 Industry Overview and Major Regions Status of Virtual Training 1.5.1 Industry Overview of Virtual Training 1.5.2 Global Major Regions Status of Virtual Training 1.6 Industry Policy Analysis of Virtual Training 1.7 Industry News Analysis of Virtual Training Make an Enquiry of this report @ www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=E&repid=1066791 2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Virtual Training 2.1 Raw Material Suppliers and Price Analysis of Virtual Training 2.2 Equipment Suppliers and Price Analysis of Virtual Training 2.3 Labor Cost Analysis of Virtual Training 2.4 Other Costs Analysis of Virtual Training 2.5 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Virtual Training 2.6 Manufacturing Process Analysis of Virtual Training ResearchMoz is the one stop online destination to find and buy market research reports & Industry Analysis. We fulfill all your research needs spanning across industry verticals with our huge collection of market research reports. We provide our services to all sizes of organizations and across all industry verticals and markets. Our Research Coordinators have in-depth knowledge of reports as well as publishers and will assist you in making an informed decision by giving you unbiased and deep insights on which reports will satisfy your needs at the best price. ResearchMoz 90 State Street, Albany, NY 12207, United States This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Digital Pressure Gauges Market Research by Trends, Key Players, market Driver, Market Segmentation Including Key Players OMEGA, AMETEK, NOSHOK Next PostNext Electrical Stimulation Devices (ESD) Market Analysis by Size, Share, Key Drivers, Growth Opportunities and Global Trends 2017 – 2022 Search Recent Posts Car Amplifiers Market Size (Value), Growth, Share, Trends, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Concrete Mixers Market United States: Report Focused on Top Manufacturers, Developments & Growth By 2022 Double Edges Blade Market in Europe Report 2022: Present Scenario for Business Opportunities, Drivers and Trends Double Edges Blade Market in Europe Report 2022: Present Scenario for Business Opportunities, Drivers and Trends Waste Water SCADA Market : Emerging Market Trends, Size, Share and Growth Analysis RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Alex Jones releases secret TAPE of Megyn Kelly: Info Wars founder double-crosses 'fraud' NBC host with covert recording and vows to reveal full audio of their controversial interview BEFORE it airs EXCLUSIVE - The final video of Otto Warmbier: Family release film of American student having a snowball fight in North Korea days before he was imprisoned and mysteriously left in a vegetative state Georgia Republican congressional candidate is sent white powder with a note saying 'resist the fascist takeover' through the mail 'My ex-husband wouldn't fake his own death': Ex-wife of Navy sailor, 23, who was found alive after hiding in the ship's engine room for a WEEK says he wouldn't do it 'for no reason' Two escaped prisoners are CAPTURED three days after they overpowered and murdered two prison guards on a prison bus in Georgia and went on a two-state rampage DEADLOCKED! Cosby jury is sent home for another night after failing to reach a verdict AGAIN - while the comedian grins as he leaves court Bill Cosby accuser Lili Bernard angrily faces off with the comedian's supporters outside courthouse where deadlocked jurors will continue into day five of deliberations Stunned Starbucks customer who ordered coffee while wearing a Trump t-shirt is stunned as barista mockingly writes 'build a wall' on her cup Trump reverses Obama's course on Cuba with new restrictions on visits and threat of Treasury audit for tourists (but flights and cruises aren't banned and visitors can still bring home rum and cigars) Jared Kushner's finances and business dealings are 'being investigated by Robert Mueller as part of the Russia probe'  Most Americans think Trump meddled in the Russia probe - and just one in five think he was right to fire Comey Senate overwhelmingly passes new sanctions to punish Russia for election meddling by 98-2 vote - and Trump would need to get okay from Congress to lift them The great deflector: After revelation that HE is under investigation for obstruction of justice for firing Comey, Trump falls back on an old favorite with all-out attack on 'Crooked Hillary', saying she smashed phones and bleached servers 'We're proud to support The Public Theater': Time Warner CEO defends company's sponsorship after uproar over Julius Caesar production showing the assassination of Trump lookalike Senate Judiciary Committee announces another investigation into Comey's firing - and it will also look into Loretta Lynch's bid to sway FBI over Clinton email scandal Putin says he'll offer Comey asylum in Russia if the Trump administration prosecutes him Trump takes Melania to celebrate getting his man on the Supreme Court as First Couple attend Justice Neil Gorsuch's investiture  Let's play ball! Trump kicks off the Congressional Baseball Game as hero cop who saved Steve Scalise throws the first pitch and Ivanka joins the crowd a day after Donald-hating gunman targeted Republicans Republican congressman says TRUMP is partly to blame for 'demons that have been unleashed' in lead up to baseball shooting  'I'm here to change the tax laws': Wife of Congress shooter reveals what he told her about why he moved to Washington - and says their marriage was over when he left for D.C. Baseball gunman had foster daughter, 17, who committed suicide by dousing her body in gasoline and then lighting herself on fire Mike Pence lawyers up and hires leading former federal prosecutor to handle inquiries from Russian election meddling probe that Trump calls a 'witch hunt' Uber driver crashes into a Secret Service officer guarding Trump after the President's trip to see Steve Scalise in hospital 'I think it saved our lives': Quick-thinking mother protected her family from London Tower inferno by running the bath and flooding her 11th-floor flat after being told to stay inside Previous Next Chaos on Chinese flight after 'curious' passenger deploys an emergency slide moments before take-off The air passenger deployed the slide in China despite being told not to Her action caused chaos on the domestic flight which was about to take off Over 100 passengers had to leave the plane and waited for another plane The woman has been arrested and might have to pay compensation to airline By Tiffany Lo For Mailonline Published: 11:21 EDT, 13 June 2017 | Updated: 11:35 EDT, 13 June 2017 e-mail 62 shares 26 View comments A Chinese air passenger has deployed an evacuation slide of the plane she was on because she was curious about what would happen.  The woman, who remains unidentified, caused chaos on board when the plane was about to take off at an airport in Beijing. Passengers on Xiamen Airline flight No. MF 8118 were faced with massive delay because they had to wait for another plane to be sent following the incident. A passenger from Xiamen Airlines suddenly deployed an evacuation slide in Beijing yesterday 113 air passengers were told to leave the plane and wait for arrangement of another plane According to People's Daily Online, the Boeing-757 plane was scheduled to depart Beijing Capital International Airport at 10:55am local time yesterday. The flight was bound for Xiamen Airport and the journey would take two hours and 20 minutes. The incident occurred when the cabin crew were giving out safety instructions to passengers sitting by an emergency exit gate on the 48th row. The flight attendants told them not to pull a handle which would deploy an evacuation slide. Surprisingly, a female passenger sitting on the 49th row by a window overheard the instruction and suddenly pulled down the handle. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Best men are arrested after being caught stripping and... Kindergarten teacher is caught taping a pupil's mouth shut... Woman dies plunging nine storeys down a lift shaft after... 'United is disgusting and arrogant': Airline under fire... Share this article Share 62 shares An inflatable evacuation slide was deployed at the left side of the wing. The woman told the cabin crew that she did it out of curiosity. After the incident, all of the 113 passengers on the plane were told to leave the plane and wait for further arrangement. An inflatable slide was deployed near the left wing as the woman pulled a handle on plane An expert said the time-consuming retraction could cost the passenger over £11,560 The female passenger was arrested by the airport police immediately. Retrieving the evacuation slide could be costly to the airline as it is a time-consuming process and would disrupt the flight schedule of the day, stated People's Daily Online. An expert told the newspaper that the passenger might have to cover the cost in retrieving the slide, which was estimated to be 100,000 yuan (£11,560). Read more: People's Daily Online Share or comment on this article e-mail 62 shares Most watched News videos Weather balloon has extremely close call with Airbus A319 Pilot shows incredible skill by flying at a very low-altitude Moment man rides with US demonstration squad Blue Angels Moment monkey slaps owners wrist when she stops stroking her Rescue dog thinks life is just paw-some in new home Rappers shot at by police during 'carjacking' in music video Dance marathon contestants compete in the 1920s Woman plunges to her death due to faulty elevator shaft Adorable moment duck and chicken fight with corgi Passenger crashes through window during knife attack on KC bus Daughter freaks out when she sees her dad beardless for first time Miners discover FOUR FOOT, multi-million pound emerald rock Incredible X-ray shows how a bullet lodged in a... Cheep thrills! Hilarious moment bird lolls his head back... Dead weight! Creepy phenomenon of an ant dumping a... Vladimir Putin congratulates father cradling his... 'God has decided': Putin claims it is his 'duty' to stop... The ultimate flex-pert! Extraordinary skills of Indian... Rape victim from India sues Uber after executives... The supermarket with NO staff: Futuristic Chinese store... ISIS 'captures Osama bin Laden's Tora Bora cave hideout'... The skyline that never was: Stunning artwork reveal New... Canine be your mother? The incredible moment four rare... Are you watching, Mr Putin? US supersonic bombers... Outfoxing the 'Desert Fox': Stunning WWII pictures reveal... Hilarious video shows an adorable lion cub 'urinating' on... Practice makes perfect! Australian man films himself for... Dinner with the King: President Macron and wife Brigitte... Man, 19, 'beats his mother in a fight over a... Numero uno! Elderly woman, 90, is now the ONLY person... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 26 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment Post comment to your Facebook Timeline What's This? By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Corinne Olympios walks her dog in LA as she is seen for first time since drunk encounter with DeMario shut down Bachelor In Paradise production Keeping up with her curves! Kylie Jenner flaunts her full chest in skintight top for Snapchat The 19-year-old showed off her chest Why I quit weed: Miley Cyrus opens up about her decision to stop smoking marijuana on Jimmy Fallon  Came as she prepares to release album Suddenly shy? Bella Thorne covers her face with scarf wrapped around her head... after 'former fling Scott Disick sent her roses' Trying to go incognito Still got it! Evergreen Cindy Crawford, 51, stuns in a blue shift dress as she steps out to promote San Benedetto water in Venice Kaia Gerber rocks double denim as she enjoys outing with gal pal in New York Seen in NYC as mom Cindy Crawford stepped out in Venice Fancy meeting you here! Jessica Biel explodes with joy after bumping into pal during casual stroll in New York Stretched her legs on a sunny day in New York What an ace! Serena Williams shows off burgeoning baby belly while dominating on tennis court despite being seven months pregnant 'Save the date!' Brynne Edelsten appears to announce that she's engaged just six months after starting a Tinder profile ...but who's the man? Woody Allen roasts former girlfriend Diane Keaton while presenting her with AFI Lifetime Achievement Award The 81-year-old director playfully roasted his ex The Fat Jew causes a stir in NYC as he celebrates National Rosé Day with a parade of gospel singers and a giant wine bottle SPONSORED On cloud nine! Flip Or Flop's Christina El Moussa can't stop smiling on dinner date with new beau wearing thigh-high boots and flirty floral dress Swim season! Karolina Kurkova flaunts figure in red bikini and patterned bathing suits for photo shoot in Miami She highlighted her sculpted frame She's in vacation mode! Reese Witherspoon is summer chic in pink stripped dress with beach umbrella pattern on LA shopping trip She said yes! Eliza Dushku announces her engagement to businessman Peter Palandjian She is officially off the market Brushing off the controversy: Chloe Lattanzi shares another revealing snap of herself after being criticized for looking 'unhealthy' She hit back a trolls Straight INTO Compton! Dr. Dre donates $10 million to Compton High School toward future performing arts complex Generous donation Spot on! Paris Hilton looks pretty in sheer LBD as she attends What We Started screening in Santa Monica Rocking a LBD Twitter pokes fun at Jay Z over stream-of-consciousness rant on his influences including 'greatest rapper of all-time Obama' Gwyneth Paltrow looks like she's been crying as she covers her face in NYC after announcing she has pretty much retired from acting to run Goop Miami heat! Johnny Manziel's fiancée Bre Tiesi shows off jaw-dropping bikini bod during Florida beach getaway Wore a tiny bikini Mom on duty! Alessandra Ambrosio goes comfortable in T-shirt and tiny shorts enjoys a day out with her mini-me daughter Anja in LA EXCLUSIVE: 'She's no victim!' Bachelor in Paradise contestant Jasmine Goode tells how Corinne was never upset over her sexy times with DeMario  'My character has been assassinated': Bachelor in Paradise's DeMario Jackson says he's been fired from job after drunken hook-up scandal Ivanka Trump and her children attend Congressional baseball where hero cop who saved Steve Scalise throws the first pitch Worked the crowd Ashton Kutcher reveals name he and Mila Kunis almost had for son Dimitri... and it was fairy tale related Revealed the name they almost gave their son Bikini malfunction! Justin Bieber's rumored ex Sahara Ray flashes her nipple piercing as her top falls off during Mexican beach photo shoot Salud! Jennifer Lopez pours up shots as she shimmers in sequined robe on music video set with Cuban group Gente de Zona In the Florida Keys That's a racy arrival! Desperate Housewives star Teri Hatcher totters into town in a pair of sexy thigh high boots in Sydney, Australia Turning heads I'm not just his 'baby mama' says Jagger's ballerina lover: Melanie Hamrick speaks for the first time about her relationship with the Rolling Stone Empire state of style! Olivia Munn is a fierce fashionista in a cute black patterned midi while out in New York Snapped in Gotham on the sunny day Kesha dons colorful pant suit as she clutches onto beau Brad Ashenfelter's hand while walking through LAX Kesha, 30, looked smitten with boyfriend 'I messed up': Elizabeth Banks apologizes for saying Steven Spielberg 'never' casts female leads... after she's reminded he created The Color Purple Miley Cyrus wears earrings spelling out her and fiancé Liam Hemsworth's names but jokes she had to buy them herself because he's a 'cheapskate' Date night! Luke Hemsworth suits up alongside wife Samantha at premiere of Tupac biography All Eyez On Me Hemsworth brother America's Got Talent contestant was killed in a car crash after his friend fell asleep at the wheel - just weeks before he was set to star on the reality show Ravishing in red! Kelly Rowland shows off her incredible figure in a flared velour jumpsuit as she performs at the launch of new Coca-Cola drink Ready to Kick-Ass! Chloe Grace Moretz carries cup of coffee as she arrives on set of new Louis CK movie She grabbed a pre-shoot pick-me-up Kelly Ripa models hairy 'dad bod' bathing suit on talk show... and jokes she'll wear it every day The 46-year-old mother-of-three first did a little striptease 'We just want to see how tight your a** is': Emmy Rossum was asked to audition for a role in a bikini so director could see if she 'was fat now' Mission accomplished! Salma Hayek departs LAX in casual chic style after promoting new film Beatriz At Dinner Kept it simple wearing a bright white T-shirt 'It was kind of genius!' Comedian Chris Rock praises Jerry Seinfeld for THAT awkward red carpet snub with Kesha Seinfeld rejected her request for a hug Is this what made her dump Tyga? Kylie Jenner is warned by a medium that she needs to 'set boundaries' on an 'unhealthy relationship' Revealing conversation  Her big day! Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's daughter North looks at her cake as she celebrates her fourth birthday at Chuck E Cheese's 'One of the greatest thrills of my life': Larry King, 83, beams with sons Cannon, 19, and Chance, 20, as elder brother gets picked by White Sox in MLB draft 'She was so nice to me': Zoe Kravitz reveals Nicole Kidman FORGOT no one knew the actress was engaged to her father Lenny and tells how the pair bonded  Jet setting couple! Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan catch a flight out of LAX Jenna led the way in jeans with a striped top and khaki jacket 'I had to let something go': Aisha Tyler tearfully announces she will be leaving The Talk after six years as host Actress was consoled by her fellow co-hosts Holy tribute! Bat Signal shines over the sky in downtown Los Angeles in honor of late Batman star Adam West In honor of late Batman star Adam West From Louboutins to flip flops! Jennifer Lopez looks dressed down on Shades Of Blue set after sexing it up for music video Casual look Busy mom! Natalie Portman has her hands full as she jets out of LA with baby daughter Amalia and son Aleph She guided her little ones through the airport Married! RHOA star Kenya Moore weds a businessman in St Lucia... but does not want to reveal his identity yet Secret romance Reporting for mom duty! Angelina Jolie dresses in head-to-toe black as she heads to military supply store with son Knox Outing in Hollywood Mommy's mini-me! Heidi Klum goes shopping with her look-alike daughter Leni, 13, in New York City Close-knit pair  smiled and held hands  Kim Kardashian is accused of 'wearing blackface' by furious Twitter users who claim her skin was made 'darker' in photo for new makeup collection Heaven scent! Poppy Delevingne flashes her cleavage in plunging white summer dress as she joins Jaime King at Los Angeles fragrance launch Hollywood star Rebel Wilson could be awarded 'MILLIONS' after winning her defamation case against Woman's Day Won her case Rise and fall of Whitney the tragic star: Can I Be Me? is an engrossing music documentary that is also terribly sad  BRIAN VINER reviews Whitney: Can I be me? Screen siren Hayley Atwell showcases her signature vintage style in figure-hugging forties inspired dress as she leads the charge at Hamlet opening Thor gets hammered! Actor Chris Hemsworth snaps surf board battling stormy swell on Gold Coast The Hollywood star ran into trouble on Thursday Putting on her best face! Megyn Kelly pops into Park Avenue skin care clinic to see her dermatologist after defending decision to interview Alex Jones  'So nice to have a kitchen': Inside the lavish properties John Legend has been calling home as he tours the US with Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna Spritz on a winner like Elska Hosk! Find your perfect summer scent among the perfumes and colognes that won big at the Fragrance Foundation Awards Princess Mary looks intently at her nude stilettos as she and husband Prince Frederik wait at airport to welcome Japan's Crown Prince Naruhito Leonardo DiCaprio forced to hand back Marlon Brando's Oscar gifted to him by 'corrupt' Wolf of Wall Street production partners as federal investigation into stolen $540m continues She's a fashion superhero! Gal Gadot forgoes designer stilettos at the Wonder Woman premiere for a pair of affordable '90s favorites Lusty lady! Khloe Kardashian puts her chest on display in leather sweetheart bustier to sell new Good American zip-up mini skirt 'We hope to confirm a record tomorrow': Simon Cowell announces plans to release a fundraising single for victims of the Grenfell Tower blaze Charlie's Angels vet Jaclyn Smith, 71, looks slender in suit on date night with hubby ... after revealing she drinks kale and broccoli smoothies for breakfast Lady Kitty cuddles up to Walliams: Diana's niece is pictured dining with the comedian in Mayfair  She is clearly not lacking male attention Zoe Kravitz looks pretty in pink as her Rough Night promo tour rolls on in New York City She stopped by Goof Morning America to talk about various projects Looks like Kendall Jenner doesn't have Kylie's magic touch with make-up! Estee Lauder reveals it is discontinuing brand fronted by the model Karrueche Tran finally granted five year restraining order against ex Chris Brown after threats of violence The 29-year-old had been battling for months Getting bigger by the day! Bristol Palin shares a sweet video of her wide-eyed newborn daughter Atlee Bay curled up on her chest like a 'turtle' Fashion forward Olivia Palermo cuts a stylish figure as she works daring white suit at luxury beauty launch in London Pulled out fashion stops  Game Of Thrones star Alfie Allen packs on the PDA with topless blonde companion as they hit the beach during romantic Spanish getaway Laverne Cox poses up a storm outside ABC's The View... after demonstrating her 'signature dance move' The 32-year-old looked fierce as ever  Just like dad! Patrick Schwarzenegger, 23, channels his father Arnold, 69, by showing off his muscular chest on a Santa Monica beach Will Ferrell and John Lithgow lock lips as fellow grandad Mel Gibson enters the fray in first trailer for Daddy's Home 2 Sequel to hit movie Suri Cruise sports cute bow in her hair and a pretty pink dress as she steps out with laidback Katie Holmes in NYC The 11-year-old looking more like mom everyday David Beckham shows off his man bun after touching down in New York... as he prepares to celebrate his 18th wedding anniversary with wife Victoria TV host and cancer survivor who was body-shamed after sharing photo of herself in a swimsuit hits out at bullies, insisting she is proud of her body Rob Kardashian's model ex marries billionairess' son in spectacular $6million English society wedding - where Robin Thicke sang for happy couple Radiant Jessica Alba looks oh so chic as she carries $2,000 designer handbag and greets fans in New York City before appearing on The View Dustin Johnson and fiancee Paulina Gretzky welcome son River in a C-section scheduled before the US Open - as  proud dad insists name was his wife's idea Model Iskra Lawrence teases at her famed curves in stomach-grazing crop top and maxi skirt out in New York City Dramatic tie-back detail She never goes out of style! Julia Roberts, 49, re-creates Pretty Woman shopping scene during commercial for Italian fashion brand Calzedonia Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries goes braless in crop top and white jeans as she heads to DJing gig in New York City Displayed toned figure  Charles said: Why can't you be all jolly like Fergie? Diana's tapes reveal how the Queen thought she was neurotic and the Queen Mother disliked her David Hasselhoff's daughter Hayley strikes plea deal to install breathalyzer in her car following DUI Aarrested after passing out behind the wheel She should give her glam squad a raise! Hailey Baldwin is nearly unrecognizable with no makeup on and hair pulled back as she steps out in NYC 'Please don't do this to our movies': Seth Rogen joins growing army of irate Hollywood stars as studio releases 'clean' family-versions of their films  Gigi Hadid looks sophisticated in baby-blue sweater and high-waisted pants as she steps out for another busy day in New York City Married at First Sight couple who are the only pair yet to consummate their marriage this season continue to fight, as he claims they are stuck in a 'rut' Age-defying Hollywood legend Goldie Hawn, 71, looks sensational in a plunging black swimsuit on sun-soaked Greece boat trip with Kurt Russell She's a star in every decade! From a '20s flapper to an '80s singer, Zendaya models 100 years of beauty looks in just 90 seconds in a new Vogue video Flower power! Ivanka Trump smiles happily as she steps out in a bright red $2,500 floral frock, before addressing U.S. governors at the White House Cosby grins and Constand shoots hoops in courthouse hallway as jury is ordered back to deliberate after they announce they STILL can't reach a verdict  Style sisters! Princess Madeleine is fabulous in florals while sibling Victoria stuns in silver as they join family members at music awards in Stockholm Jennifer Lawrence steps out for the first time since frightening emergency landing of her private plane The 26-year-old was spotted with pal in NYC Phil Mickelson withdraws from the U.S. Open - the only Major he has not won - in order to attend his daughter's high school graduation Family comes first Superbod! Jonah Hill looks buff in Lovin' Life T-shirt after shedding a whopping 40lbs as he's seen on the Los Angeles set of his directorial debut Mid '90s The A-list entourage! Leonardo DiCaprio enjoys stroll with pals Tobey Maguire and Orlando Bloom in NYC Hollywood trio hung out in East Village Sofia Richie bares her belly during WeHo restaurant outing with guy pal The 18-year-old model was rocking her latest choppy blonde bob 'Bashful Scott Disick sends former fling Bella roses' after she publicly slammed him... but ex Kourtney Kardashian receives VERY similar bouquet 'I don't need any big parties': Nicole Kidman reveals plans for a low-key 50th birthday next week with 'divine' husband Keith Urban and her children Happy birthday, Mummy! Princess Anne looks HAPPY as she celebrates Queen Elizabeth's big day - at a belated party 450 miles away in GERMANY Katie Couric's top producer Tony Maciulis exits Yahoo after a decade working with the former Today show host as rumors swirl she could be next Death of a groupie: She bedded at least two Rolling Stones. But as she dies at 73, Anita Pallenberg's life of debauchery and drugs is a cautionary tale  Pamela Anderson shows off her famous curves in plunging 50s-style dress as she visits 'boyfriend' Julian Assange at Ecuadorian Embassy in London Their love is permanent! Ariel Winter, 19, and boyfriend Levi Meaden, 29, get two matching tattoos... after she has a snake inked on her arm Up to his old tricks! Duke of Edinburgh criticizes young school kids' handwriting on visit to school in London Elizabeth's hubby stirs up controversy again  'We couldn't have wished for a kinder and bigger-hearted boy': Sweden's Princess Madeleine pays tribute to her son Nicolas as he turns two  Lily Allen accuses the media of 'downplaying' the Grenfell Tower tragedy by deliberately underestimating the death toll - which she claims is 'closer to 150'  'I am so proud that I get to raise my boys to love women': Elizabeth Banks on how she is raising her two young sons to be feminists Revealing interview Sylvester Stallone's daughter Sophia, 20, slips into lacy bralette as she joins her father and sisters Sistine and Scarlet for family dinner in LA Mixed signals: Kiss star Gene Simmons tries to trademark the 'rock on' hand sign... but it's also the American Sign Language gesture for 'love' From reality star to model! Blac Chyna poses up a storm in racy outfits to plug her clothing line as she takes break from TV's Rob & Chyna They Can Feel The Love! Elton John plants a tender kiss on husband David Furnish as they attend summer wedding with sweet sons Elijah and Zachary Ansel Elgort's girlfriend Violetta Komyshan wears revealing dress to Baby Driver premiere in LA... before cutting some shapes with her beau  British royals William, Harry and Kate donate to emergency fund for victims of the London tower block blaze as they urge others to give generously Less is more! FEMAIL reveals the easy to assemble outfits to have in your summer wardrobe inspired by Nicole Richie, Heidi Klum and more Elizabeth Banks was told to get a boob job by an agent when she was first starting out in Hollywood - and now she's pleased she couldn't afford it at time Playboy model Katie May's estate files wrongful death lawsuit against chiropractor whose 'forceful and aggressive adjustments caused her fatal stroke' 'I'm married to Wonder Women': Jim Gaffigan says his wife is doing 'great' one month after mother of five had brain tumor removed in nine-hour surgery Life's a beach! Pierce Brosnan and wife Keely Shaye Smith enjoy another day by the sea in Sardinia, before taking a stroll through quaint Italian town 90s kid: Bella Hadid goes braless in a bardot top and combat pants as she heads out to dinner with sister Gigi at Japanese restaurant Nobu in NYC Smiling again! Patton Oswalt makes red carpet debut with new girlfriend Meredith Salenger one year after wife's death Overcoming heartache 'We wouldn't still be married if I was as miserable as I look': Victoria Beckham poses in swimsuit for Vogue Netherlands as she talks about home life Kate Upton shows off her ample assets and sensational curves in a plunging figure-hugging blue dress as she joins Rumer Willis for vodka bash Making a hospital visit? Jay Z leaves his Beverly Hills mansion amid frenzied rumors that Beyonce has 'given birth to twin boy and girl' at LA medical center Feeling the heat! Ariel Winter wears skintight crop top and tiny print frilled shorts as she steps out with boyfriend Levi Meaden Dressed for the LA heat Yoko Ono could get songwriting credit for John Lennon's classic track Imagine 46 years after its first release Legend;s widow is now 84 years old Sheer illusion: Rachel McCord tricks the eye in a nude swimsuit and lacy cover up as she poses for a daring hillside photoshoot Kid sister of  AnnaLynne      DON'T MISS 'At least I tried': Diplo recruits James Corden as he makes fun at being ranked third best in bed by ex-girlfriend Katy Perry Laughs about comment 'A lot of people don't realize their power!': Spider-Man: Homecoming star Zendaya talks standing up for herself as she appears on Vogue Makeup-free Elle Fanning exhibits her toned stomach in a skimpy pink sports bra and tiny shorts as she heads to the gym in Los Angeles 'I feel really lucky': LuAnn de Lesseps drops her Countess title and ties the knot in Palm Beach wedding with Tom D'Agostino on RHONY Sun's out, buns out! Johnny Manziel's fiancée Bre Tiesi strolls along beach in Miami in strapless nude bikini She showed off her bikini body on the beach Gordon Ramsay's OWN Hotel Hell as his $250-a-night B&B sinks into a MILLION dollar debt and guests slam poor service More trouble for chef 'When swimwear becomes your attire for the day': Coco Austin squeezes her eye-popping curves and tiny waist into skin tight swimsuit 'She was hugging everyone to comfort them': Adele is praised by fans as she makes low-key appearance at scene of tragic London tower block blaze Back on dad duty! Scott Disick reunites with his children for lunch outing... as Bella Thorne dishes about his drinking and partying in Cannes Jet-set chic: Elegant Olivia Munn touches down at Washington DC airport in a flowing white midi dress and matching platform shoes Actress looked relaxed  Ivanka leads siblings Donald Jr, Eric and Tiffany in wishing President Trump happy birthday in special White House gathering Posted on Instagram. Jamie Foxx hits the red carpet with his daughters for the Los Angeles premiere of Baby Driver after arriving in $2million Bugatti supercar Baker who supplied loaves to Kate and William's wedding tells Prince Harry how his staff threw bread crates at terrorists to save lives in London attack 'Pregnant' Carey Mulligan displays her rounded bump in oversized blue shirt as she resumes filming for new crime drama Collateral Sending pulses racing! Formula One star Jenson Button's model girlfriend Brittny Ward oozes sex appeal as she goes topless for racy Instagram snaps Wearing her heart on her sleeve! Openly pansexual Miley Cyrus continues to show her pride in a colorful get-up Continues to celebrate LGBTQ pride month 'I'm not a con artist, I didn't con people': Katy Perry says she's evolved in her image and career She opened up about how she's evolved 'It's something my nanna always told me': Rebel Wilson STILL believes she is related to Walt Disney - as she celebrates a victorious end to her court battle Makeup-free beauty Irina Shayk flashes incredibly flat midriff as she goes fruit shopping at farmer's market... just three months after welcoming baby  A bella bombshell! Khloe Kardashian shows off her curves in tight black mini dress that is both low-cut and super short as she leaves Italian restaurant 'Who am I if not the American Idol guy?' Ryan Seacrest reveals he still might sign up for ABC's reboot of his iconic show 'Always loved the show' Emotional Rita Ora lends her support to London apartment block relief effort after horrific blaze at her 'childhood haunt' leaves at least 12 dead Pregnant Julia Stiles shows off her baby bump in a low-cut dress with a subtle star print as she attends Paris photocall for her new TV series Riviera It's not even Twilight yet! Ashley Greene and fiance Paul Khoury put on a VERY enamored display as they pack on the PDA at Baby Driver premiere Kourtney Kardashian shares peek at renovated pantry hours before posting snap of herself in crop top and jeans She hates 'clutter' Taking the plunge! Lais Ribeiro dons cleavage-baring glistening ensemble to Fragrance Foundation Awards Victoria's Secret model looked sensational 'All hail the Queen!': NeNe Leakes trumpets her return to Real Housewives of Atlanta season 10 with racy photo shoot Show made her famous 'I wouldn't even consider that I would have a chance!' Jimmy Fallon reveals why he rejected Nicole Kidman's advances TWICE Queen Elizabeth and the Duke of Edinburgh pay an emotional tribute to 18 young children who lost their lives when a WWI bomb hit a London school Grin City: Jessica Alba keeps it casual in a striped shirt and cropped jeans as she strolls through NYC with a friend Chic and cheerful  'The Lord said, "I will destroy man..." So don't forget your sunscreen': Brad Pitt returns as the hilariously pessimistic weatherman on The Jim Jefferies Show Zendaya flaunts toned legs in thigh-skimming blue tutu as she poses with co-star Tom Holland for Spider-Man: Homecoming photocall in London Spot the difference! Photo gallery reveals the stark contrast between iconic pop culture images before and after they were censored for Middle Eastern audience In bloom! Katie Holmes highlights her figure in beaded white gown for the Fragrance Awards Hit the carpet in a fitted white dress with colorful floral beading Khloe Kardashian wells up with emotion remembering her beloved father Robert Kardashian Sr. on Hollywood Medium He died of cancer New romance? Charlize Theron is 'dating' Halle Berry's ex Gabriel Aubry as the two are spotted laughing near LA beach Spotted together 'His face melts my heart': Ryan Lochte and fiancée Kayla Rae Reid post first picture of baby Caiden Zane... as she reveals she endured 26 HOUR labor Mick Jagger's daughter Georgia May  flaunts enviably toned stomach in tiny crop top as she's joined by pal Suki Waterhouse for her clothing launch in LA Crossing guard! Hilary Duff flashes her toned pins as she keeps a close eye on son Luca as he scoots across the road Attentive mom 'I don't have time to miss them': Jada Pinkett Smith on how she copes with her empty nest when Willow, 16, and Jaden, 18, are jetsetting for work Hitting the shops! Mandy Moore looks stylish in midi summer dress as she steps out for retail therapy in Beverly Hills She was all smiles Jet-setting duo! Robin Thicke, 40, and gorgeous girlfriend April Love Geary, 22, return to LA after romantic Parisian vacation Whirlwind few days American beach beauty! Mena Suvari dons black bikini while sunbathing in Malibu The 38-year-old actress was snapped soaking up the sun in Malibu Remember them? '90s Superman star Dean Cain goes unnoticed as he takes a walk at the Sydney Opera House with Buffy The Vampire Slayer's Julie Benz The Best Of Both Worlds! Miley Cyrus goes undercover in a brunette wig and shades as she goes busking with Jimmy Fallon in the New York subway White hot! Zoe Kravitz looks gorgeous in a figure-hugging dress at the New York premiere of her movie Gemini alongside co-star Lola Kirke For a good cause! Nicky Hilton wows in purple frock for animal charity gala with husband James Rothschild Wore a ruffled dress 'I'd love to have my father's advice': Naomi Watts reveals ongoing struggle with father's death after he died from a heroin overdose when she was just seven Rising star! Maddie Ziegler makes her movie debut as The Song Of Henry premieres at Los Angeles Film Festival She's just 14 years old Hand in hand! Solange Knowles and hubby Alan Ferguson keep close during stroll in West Hollywood Cut an elegant figure in a flowing white dress What's the time Mr Wolverine? Hugh Jackman looks suave as he flashes an expensive watch at Montblanc Heritage launch in Italy What harlots! Kirsten Dunst and Elle Fanning flash ANKLES in saucy '1860s Girls Gone Wild' parody video filmed behind the scenes of their new period drama All eyes on her! Kat Graham rocks sheer black dress that shows off her fabulous figure at the LA premiere of Tupac Shakur biopic Looking good  Ruth Wilson looks elegant in a tailored blush trouser suit at star-studded LAMDA gala... as fans go wild for the return of Luther Pretty in pink  'I'd like to go full 50 Shades with him': Blushing singer Liam Payne bursts out laughing as he reads out filthy fan tweets on radio show Tattoo time! Ariel Winter takes to Snapchat to share new body art of sinuous snake slithering on forearm Teen is inked up Ignored by her husband, terrified of her public role and devastated that Charles was back with Camilla. The latest revelations from Diana's tapes Trying to keep a low profile? Jordan Barrett, 20, wears a scarf over his head as he slurps soup with a male friend in NYC's trendy SoHo district Glamorous Pamela Anderson cuts a demure figure in nude floor-grazing gown as she leads the style at Global Gift Gala Turning heads Elsa Hosk stuns in little black dress with sheer skirt at The Fragrance Foundation Awards in New York City The 28-year-old Swedish model stunned in a LBD From one court to another! Rebel Wilson blows off steam during a tennis lesson with Todd Woodbridge before winning her defamation case  Bag lady! Vanessa Hudgens wears revealing crop top as she indulges in shopping spree in Los Angeles Looks like she had spent a pretty penny Now that's shocking pink! Bella Thorne reveals new neon hairdo after spilling on Scott Disick's 'hardcore' drinking and their failed fling Low-key landing! Jennifer Hudson arrives in Sydney, Australia wearing trackpants, hoodie and sneakers  Will appear on The Voice Australia's live show  'NO airtime for this orange person': TV hit Broad City takes a stand against President Trump by bleeping out his NAME every time it is mentioned Well she does have a thing for musicians! Kirsten Dunst dons black lace sweater while actor fiance Jesse Plemons lugs his guitar at airport 'They're just drumming up drama': Luann D'Agostino slams NY fellow housewives for 'totally untrue' cheating rumors about husband Tom Using lingerie to sell lipstick! Kylie Jenner poses in a sheer lace bra to plug Lip Kit shade... but this is far from a new trick Shared to Instagram  'I'm a victim': Bachelor in Paradise's Corinne Olympios hires high-powered Hollywood attorney to get 'justice' after 'blackout' drunken hook-up with DeMario  EXCLUSIVE: 'He was sitting by the pool and Corinne put her p***y in his face.' Friend of Bachelor in Paradise's DeMario says Olympios was the aggressor Jennifer Lawrence's gym secrets revealed: Personal trainer the star credits for her 'delicious but healthy life' reveals how she got in amazing shape Keeping it casual! Jessica Alba sports beige coat and jeans as she jets into New York... after glamming it up at Planet Of The Apps event PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Game Of Thrones star Alfie Allen gets to grips with topless beach blonde as he attentively applies suncream during Spanish getaway Chloe Grace Moretz looks naturally gorgeous as she joins John Malkovich on set for new Louis C.K. project in NYC Wore multiple outfits EXCLUSIVE: Serena and Venus Williams' dad files for divorce from wife, 38, who 'forged his signature to transfer property to her name,' he claims in court docs Longtime love! Alessandra Ambrosio cuts effortlessly stylish figure in jeans as she holds hands with fiancé Jamie Mazur during stroll  Rebel Wilson reveals she got through trial by imagining kissing Liam Hemsworth during stressful parts... as she WINS defamation case against magazine  She left her lingerie at home! Jennifer Lopez goes bra and panty free in semi-sheer yellow gown to shoot video for Spanish love song in Florida 'I can't tie this around my butt!' Iggy Azalea pokes fun at her famous booty before getting a vegetable hurled at her on The Late Late Show James Corden's show 'Don't ever call me that, it hurts my feelings': Hailey Baldwin scolds critics who label her as an 'Insta model' while insisting she 'works her a** off' for her success 'OK I'm too skinny.... I am in so much pain': Chloe Lattanzi addresses THAT 'unhealthy' picture and reveals she has been 'sobbing for an hour' 'I wish I could dance like I fight': Ruby Rose flaunts taut abs during stunt training flashback for John Wick 2... before being elbowed in the face by Keanu Reeves Laverne Cox stuns in crop top and matching skirt as she joins Taylor Schilling at SiriusXM to promote Orange Is The New Black New season of her show 'Kindergarten here we come!' Proud Jessica Simpson shares snap of 5-year-old daughter Maxwell in cap and gown at preschool graduation  'Their fates were sealed': George Clooney's father says the actor fell for 'remarkable' Amal the first time he met her at a dinner party in 2013 Bathing beauty Elle Fanning makes a splash in edgy new cover shoot to promote new film The Beguiled  Actress graces the cover of Dazed magazine Gwyneth Paltrow strolls in yacht-print skirt... and reveals whether she'd ever get back together with Brad Pitt Revealed guilty pleasure In full bloom! As Nicole Kidman and Heidi Klum step out in floral dresses with a modern twist, shop FEMAIL's edit of 24 botanical-inspired frocks Excited fans go into meltdown as Kim Kardashian announces her FIRST solo beauty collection (but is she 'stealing' Kylie's thunder?) Prince Philip's cousin Countess Mountbatten, who survived the IRA bomb that killed her father and her son, dies at the age of 93  God mother to Charles Flying under the radar! New Yorkers fail to recognize Katie Holmes as the former Mrs Tom Cruise strolls down busy street after coffee run 'I just threw up in my mouth a little': Ben Stiller and ex Christine Taylor share a sassy exchange for charity Dodgeball reunion after marriage split 'It could have f**ked me!' Lorde reflects on her meteoric success at the tender age of 16... and admits she 'still sucks at being famous' She struggled to adapt Blessed! Diddy unveils enormous tattoo of Virgin Mary and Child covering his entire back after topping Forbes rich list Rap mogul's giant inking Puppy love! Gigi Hadid flaunts her midriff as she dotes on boyfriend Zayn Malik's dog at the park Took the pooch for a walk in New York City Trial weary Cosby looks glum as jury breaks for the night without a verdict just hours after he arrived in court smiling and giving the thumbs-up The Young and the Restless star Corey Sligh indicted by federal grand jury on charges of child molestation after 'making 8-year-old girl touch his penis' Princess Beatrice shows off her edgy workwear look in a skater skirt and pink socks as she takes a break from the office in Manhattan White hot! Shay Mitchell flashes major leg at Pretty Little Liars event in flirty mini dress The 30-year-old showed some skin in a playful white and polka dot shirt  Wild at heart! Reese Witherspoon shows off her adventurous spirit on a wilderness trip with 13-year-old son Deacon Blonde actress, 41, took to instagram  Shirtless Pierce Brosnan, 64, hits the beach with his swimsuit-clad wife Keely Shaye Smith while on a romantic getaway to Sardinia Suited and booted! Miley Cyrus wears blazer and over-the-knee leather heels to film a skit for Saturday Night Live Been on show six times  'I'm the worst texter!' Maddie Ziegler discusses Dance Moms drama and vows to use more emoticons Prodigy, 14, discussed her rocketing career 'Fat women and moms are robbed of sexuality': Size 22 model Tess Holliday shares sultry selfie to 'remind herself' that she 'deserves to feel sexy' Today's headlines Most Read Alex Jones releases secret TAPE of Megyn Kelly: Infowars founder double-crosses 'fraud' NBC host with covert... EXCLUSIVE - The final video of Otto Warmbier: Family release film of American student having a snowball... Georgia Republican congressional candidate is sent white powder with a note saying 'resist the fascist... 'My ex-husband wouldn't fake his own death': Ex-wife of Navy sailor, 23, who was found alive after hiding in... Two escaped prisoners are CAPTURED after shooting at cops during 100mph car chase three days after they... DEADLOCKED! Cosby jury is sent home for another night after failing to reach a verdict AGAIN - while the... Bill Cosby accuser Lili Bernard angrily faces off with the comedian's supporters outside courthouse where... Stunned Starbucks customer who ordered coffee while wearing a Trump t-shirt is stunned as barista mockingly... Trump reverses Obama's course on Cuba with new restrictions on visits and threat of Treasury audit for... Jared Kushner's finances and business dealings are 'being investigated by Robert Mueller as part of the... Most Americans think Trump meddled in the Russia probe - and just one in five think he was right to fire... Senate overwhelmingly passes new sanctions to punish Russia for election meddling by 98-2 vote – and Trump... Trump launches all-out attack on 'crooked Hillary', saying she smashed phones and bleached servers - but his... 'We're proud to support The Public Theater': Time Warner CEO defends company's sponsorship after uproar over... Another investigation into Comey's firing as Senate Judiciary Committee announces probe - and it will also... Putin says he'll offer Comey asylum in Russia if the Trump administration prosecutes him Trump takes Melania to celebrate getting his man on the Supreme Court as First Couple attend Justice Neil... President Trump kicks off the Congressional baseball game as hero cop who saved Steve Scalise throws the... Republican congressman says TRUMP is partly to blame for 'demons that have been unleashed' in lead up to... 'I'm here to change the tax laws': Wife of Congress shooter reveals what he told her about why he moved to... Baseball gunman had foster daughter, 17, who committed suicide by dousing her body in gasoline and then... Mike Pence lawyers up and hires leading former federal prosecutor to handle inquiries from Russian election... Uber driver crashes into a Secret Service officer guarding Trump after the President's trip to see Steve... 'I think it saved our lives': Quick-thinking mother protected her family from Grenfell Tower inferno by... The homes of rich people in Kensington should be SEIZED for Grenfell Tower residents made homeless by fire,... 'Tell her you love her': Fireman handed his phone to brother for heartbreaking last call with his sister who... 'People have lost their lives. I can't bear it': Ethiopian taxi driver whose 'faulty fridge started the... Thank you, mum: Trapped couple's heart-rending final phone calls home to their parents as fire crept into... 'How many children died, Mr Khan, and what are you going to do about it?' London Mayor is confronted by a... MORE HEADLINES Freed N. Korean captive Otto Warmbier is in a vegetative state: Doctors say student has suffered 'extensive loss of brain tissue', likely had a heart attack - and there is NO evidence of botulism Suspect sobs as his bond is set at $75 MILLION for 'murdering mother and two daughters by slitting one's throat, strangling one sister with a phone chord and smothering the other before lining them up side by side in bed' French conservative candidate is pictured KNOCKED OUT on the street after a male protester threw her campaign leaflets in her face in Paris  INSIDE the towering inferno: First video reveals horror faced by firefighters as they are confronted with flooding and mangled furniture as terrified residents scramble for their lives  Thank you, mum: Trapped couple's heart-rending final phone calls home to their parents as fire crept into their flat on the 23rd floor  'I think it saved our lives': Quick-thinking mother protected her family from Grenfell Tower inferno by running the bath and flooding her 11th-floor flat after being told to stay inside  Baseball gunman had foster daughter, 17, who committed suicide by dousing her body in gasoline and then lighting herself on fire Trump launches all-out attack on 'crooked Hillary', saying she smashed phones and bleached servers - but his Russian 'non-dealings' are being investigated as he hits back at obstruction of justice probe Teenager escaped from 13th floor of blazing tower with her revision notes then went to school to sit her chemistry GCSE the NEXT MORNING EXCLUSIVE: 'She's no victim! It's the role she plays on the show.' Bachelor in Paradise contestant Jasmine Goode tells how Corinne was never upset or traumatized over having oral sex in the pool with DeMario  At least seven people dead and 66 injured after explosion rips through Chinese kindergarten as mothers and fathers queue to pick up their little ones Alex Jones releases secret TAPE of Megyn Kelly: Infowars founder double-crosses 'fraud' NBC host with covert recording and vows to reveal full audio of their controversial interview BEFORE it airs EXCLUSIVE - The final video of Otto Warmbier: Family release film of American student having a snowball fight in North Korea days before he was imprisoned and mysteriously left in vegetative state  President Trump kicks off the Congressional baseball game as hero cop who saved Steve Scalise throws the first pitch and Ivanka joins the crowd  Inside the inferno: Charred remains of Grenfell Tower show rooms still ablaze, melted kitchen tables and washing machines stopped mid-load The WILD women who ruled the outlaws of the West: Stunning photographs capture the madams and prostitutes of the 1880s frontier who would stop at nothing to make their MILLIONS 'First one's RIP': Moment hospital staff treating people in the aftermath of the Westminster terror attack realise the killer Khalid Masood has just died  Curvy woman DUMPS her boyfriend after catching him openly flirting with a thin actress who was hired to seduce him, then 'adjusting his pants' as she walked away in a hidden camera sting Navy sailor, 23, whose disappearance sparked a 50-hour search over 5,500-square miles across the Philippine Sea is found ALIVE after hiding in the ship's engine room for a WEEK The homes of rich people in Kensington should be SEIZED for Grenfell Tower residents made homeless by fire, says Corbyn 'People have lost their lives. I can't bear it': Ethiopian taxi driver whose 'faulty fridge started the inferno' says he'll 'never get over' how many were killed  Munich shooter who critically injured a policewoman after stealing her colleague's gun and firing at her head 'was an AMERICAN tourist'  'How many children died, Mr Khan, and what are you going to do about it?' London Mayor is confronted by a young boy as he faces angry crowd at Grenfell Tower and is 'bottled' by protester  EXCLUSIVE: Teen mom whose toddlers died in baking car where she left them for 15 hours to party had left daughters alone to go to drug houses before - and often 'got physical' with them DEADLOCKED! Cosby jury is sent home for another night after failing to reach a verdict AGAIN - while the comedian grins as he leaves court Woman, 21, drowns a rabid raccoon in a PUDDLE after it attacked her while she was out running How to survive a knife attack: Security expert and celebrity bodyguard gives life-saving advice in the wake of London Bridge terror atrocity Mother who romped with stag do reveller on Ryanair flight to Ibiza 'was egged on to lapdance by his friends to cheer him up because he'd left his pregnant girlfriend behind'  Principal withheld diploma from senior class president who refused to read school-written speech and instead read his own remarks at graduation MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Battlespace Tech C4ISR Cyber Defense Defense IT Mobile Unmanned Systems Resources Newsletter Events Face-to-Face Events Connected Warrior Summit Defense Analytics Event Defense Systems Summit Advertise Advanced Search Defense IT Air Force F-15 gets new super high-speed computer By Kris Osborn Jun 13, 2017 The Air Force is now equipping its fleet of F-15 fighter jets with a new, super high-speed computer intended to improve the aircraft’s electronic warfare ability, targeting technology and radar systems, service leaders said. Said to be among the fastest jet computer processor in the world, the Advanced Display Core Processor (ADCPII) is engineered to quickly handle software upgrades as new threats emerge so that it can accommodate an ability to fire new weapons -- such as the AIM-9X or AIM-120 missile. “If I do not put in the new computer with its throughput and processing power, there are certain apps I cannot run to grow and evolve it for the future,” said Lt. Gen. Arnold Bunch, Jr. Military Deputy, Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Acquisition. Boeing engineers have said the new computer is able to process 87 billion instructions per second to provide faster mission processing for F-15 aircrews. The ADCPII is of particular relevance to a number of F-15 systems, such as the Eagle Passive/Active Warning Survivability System (EPAWSS) advanced electronic warfare pod and Infrared Search and Track (IRST) targeting technology. EPAWSS replaces the 1980s-era Tactical Electronic Warfare Suite used when the F-15 first deployed. IRST, an infrared air-to-air targeting system intended to operate in high-threat electronic warfare environments, is more effective with the installation of ADCPII. The new computer will also help facilitate emerging F-15 “fly-by-wire” automated flight control systems. Fly-by-wire means a pilot provides input straight to a computer, which then determines how to have the aircraft perform. A computer provides electrical signals more quickly and more safely, enabling an aircraft to move from point to point as opposed to flying with mechanical controls, Boeing officials said. Bunch explained that the new computer will also expedite service plans to move all F-15 C,D and E variants to a common software architecture. “The F-15 is going to a common software load to save time and money, so we don’t have to rebuild two different software lines,” he said. About the Author Kris Osborn is editor-in-chief of Defense Systems. He can be reached at kosborn@1105media.com. Featured Articles DARPA targets big data with graph processor effort Navy virtual reality technology will help upgrade ships and train sailors Video Update 6-13-17: Textron, DOD move intel gathering to cloud Air Force F-15 gets new super high-speed computer milCloud 2.0 upgraded with commercial cloud infrastructure Lockheed enterprise computer connects older aircraft with F-35s Army Battlefield Network Under Review: What’s Next for WIN-T? Video Update 6-8-17: Navy Expands, Cyber-Hardens CANES Lockheed upgrades Air Force fighter jet targeting pod Army protects next generation navigation technology from cyber attacks Most Popular Articles Most Emailed Articles Army electronic warfare technology attacks and causes shift in tank Lockheed enterprise computer connects older aircraft with F-35s Lockheed upgrades Air Force fighter jet targeting pod Army Battlefield Network Under Review: What’s Next for WIN-T? Air Force F-15 gets new super high-speed computer Defense Systems Update Sign up for our newsletter. Email Address Select primary job function/rank Click to Select One Flag Officer Field Grade Officer Captn/Lt/Ensign/Warrant Off Congress/Executive Branch Sr DoD Exec/PEO/SES/Dir/Dep Program/Project Mgmt Procure/Purch/Contract Mgmt Network/Comms/Eng/Ops Mgmt Defense Ind Exec/Dir/Mgmt Other Select military branch/agency/business type Click to Select One Army Commands Navy Commands Air Force Commands Coast Guard Joint Chiefs, Joint Commands DoD & Intelligence Agencies Executive Branch Congress/Legisltv Agencies Other Defense Govt Agencies Defense Ind/Gov Contractor University/Media/R&D Other I agree to this site's Privacy Policy. Free Newsletters News Whitepapers About Us Print Archive Reprints Events Site Map Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Use List Rental 8251 Greensboro Drive, Suite 510, McLean, VA 22102 703-876-5100©1996-2017 1105 Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Close this Advertisement
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Products Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederland Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Space Tourism Market to Grow at 14.34% CAGR by 2021 Says A New Research Report at ReportsnReports.com News provided by ReportsnReports 13 Jun, 2017, 10:00 ET Share this article PUNE, India, June 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- According to the space tourism industry report, one driver in the market is the prospect of pioneering the activity. Space tourism is an expensive leisure activity, which can only be affordable by the affluent population. The addressable market for space tourism is the population, whose net worth is more than $5 million. Over 99% of space tourists have a net worth over $5 million. Considering the wealth at their disposal, these people are motivated to try out activities that have not been experienced by the common man. Complete report on space tourism market spread across 63 pages, analyzing 4 major companies and providing 24 data exhibits now available at http://www.reportsnreports.com/reports/1041429-global-space-tourism-market-2017-2021.html. The following companies as the key players in the global space tourism market: Bigelow Aerospace, SpaceX, Virgin Galactic, and XCOR Aerospace. Other prominent vendors in the market are: Armadillo Aerospace, Boeing, EADS Astrium, Excalibur Almaz, Space Adventures, Space Island Group, and Zero2infinity. The analysts forecast global space tourism market to grow at a CAGR of 14.34% during the period 2017-2021.One trend in the market is increase in the number of next-generation engineers. The space tourism market is expected to inspire a new generation of engineers. Unlike IT engineers, who spend most of the time in front of a computer, space engineers get to work on space engines. Space tourism market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global space tourism market. To calculate the market size, the report considers the investment made in commercial space tourism services. Order a copy of Global Space Tourism Market 2017-2021 report @ http://www.reportsnreports.com/purchase.aspx?name=1041429. The study was conducted using an objective combination of primary and secondary information including inputs from key participants in the industry. The report contains a comprehensive market and vendor landscape in addition to a SWOT analysis of the key vendors. Further, the space tourism market report states that one challenge in the market is high risk involved. One of the major factors that will hinder the growth of space tourism is the high risk associated with the tour. The addressable market has enough income to experience tours such as mountain climbing or skydiving. However, the preference for an adventure also depends on the availability of the activity, physical fitness, and risks associated with it, apart from affordability, which is not an issue among the addressable market. Another related report is Global Helicopter Tourism Market 2017-2021, the key players in this market research report identifies Birds Eye View Helicopters, Chicago Helicopter Tours, Liberty Helicopter, Maverick Helicopters, and SUNDANCE HELICOPTERS as the key vendors in the global helicopter tourism market. Also presents a detailed analysis of the market by tourism type (general tourism and customized tourism) and by geography (the Americas, APAC, and EMEA). Browse complete report at http://www.reportsnreports.com/reports/929214-global-helicopter-tourism-market-2017-2021.html. Explore other new reports on Automotive Market @ http://www.reportsnreports.com/market-research/automotive/ . About Us:  ReportsnReports.com is an online market research reports library of 500,000+ in-depth studies of over 5000 micro markets. Not limited to any one industry, ReportsnReports.com offers research studies on agriculture, energy and power, chemicals, environment, medical devices, healthcare, food and beverages, water, advanced materials and much more. Contact: Ritesh Tiwari 2nd Floor, Metropole Building, Next to Inox Theatre, Bund Garden Road, Pune - 411013. Maharashtra, India. + 1-888-391-5441 sales@reportsandreports.com Connect with Us:   LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/reportsnreports RSS/Feeds:   http://www.reportsnreports.com/feed/l-latestreports.xml SOURCE ReportsnReports 13 Jun, 2017, 12:00 ET Preview: Magnesium Powder Market Analysis, Trends and 2022 Forecasts Says a New Research Report at ReportsnReports.com 13 Jun, 2017, 06:00 ET Preview: Astaxanthin Market 2022 Global Forecast and Trends Research Report Now Available at ReportsnReports.com My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 15 Jun, 2017, 13:00 ET HDD Market (Horizontal Directional Drilling) to Grow at 6.85%... 15 Jun, 2017, 13:00 ET Global Sawmill Industry Forecasts and Analysis Review to 2022... Explore More news releases in similar topics Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Aerospace & Defense Leisure & Tourism Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Space Tourism Market to Grow at 14.34% CAGR by 2021 Says A New Research Report at ReportsnReports.com News provided by ReportsnReports 13 Jun, 2017, 10:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Products Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederland Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Events Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110+44 (0)20 7454 5110 Log In Sign Up News Products Contact Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web site Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government Labor & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Handicapped, Disabled Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Space Tourism Market to Grow at 14.34% CAGR by 2021 Says A New Research Report at ReportsnReports.com News provided by ReportsnReports 13 Jun, 2017, 15:00 BST Share this article PUNE, India, June 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- According to the space tourism industry report, one driver in the market is the prospect of pioneering the activity. Space tourism is an expensive leisure activity, which can only be affordable by the affluent population. The addressable market for space tourism is the population, whose net worth is more than $5 million. Over 99% of space tourists have a net worth over $5 million. Considering the wealth at their disposal, these people are motivated to try out activities that have not been experienced by the common man. Complete report on space tourism market spread across 63 pages, analyzing 4 major companies and providing 24 data exhibits now available at http://www.reportsnreports.com/reports/1041429-global-space-tourism-market-2017-2021.html. The following companies as the key players in the global space tourism market: Bigelow Aerospace, SpaceX, Virgin Galactic, and XCOR Aerospace. Other prominent vendors in the market are: Armadillo Aerospace, Boeing, EADS Astrium, Excalibur Almaz, Space Adventures, Space Island Group, and Zero2infinity. The analysts forecast global space tourism market to grow at a CAGR of 14.34% during the period 2017-2021.One trend in the market is increase in the number of next-generation engineers. The space tourism market is expected to inspire a new generation of engineers. Unlike IT engineers, who spend most of the time in front of a computer, space engineers get to work on space engines. Space tourism market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global space tourism market. To calculate the market size, the report considers the investment made in commercial space tourism services. Order a copy of Global Space Tourism Market 2017-2021 report @ http://www.reportsnreports.com/purchase.aspx?name=1041429. The study was conducted using an objective combination of primary and secondary information including inputs from key participants in the industry. The report contains a comprehensive market and vendor landscape in addition to a SWOT analysis of the key vendors. Further, the space tourism market report states that one challenge in the market is high risk involved. One of the major factors that will hinder the growth of space tourism is the high risk associated with the tour. The addressable market has enough income to experience tours such as mountain climbing or skydiving. However, the preference for an adventure also depends on the availability of the activity, physical fitness, and risks associated with it, apart from affordability, which is not an issue among the addressable market. Another related report is Global Helicopter Tourism Market 2017-2021, the key players in this market research report identifies Birds Eye View Helicopters, Chicago Helicopter Tours, Liberty Helicopter, Maverick Helicopters, and SUNDANCE HELICOPTERS as the key vendors in the global helicopter tourism market. Also presents a detailed analysis of the market by tourism type (general tourism and customized tourism) and by geography (the Americas, APAC, and EMEA). Browse complete report at http://www.reportsnreports.com/reports/929214-global-helicopter-tourism-market-2017-2021.html. Explore other new reports on Automotive Market @ http://www.reportsnreports.com/market-research/automotive/ . About Us:  ReportsnReports.com is an online market research reports library of 500,000+ in-depth studies of over 5000 micro markets. Not limited to any one industry, ReportsnReports.com offers research studies on agriculture, energy and power, chemicals, environment, medical devices, healthcare, food and beverages, water, advanced materials and much more. Contact: Ritesh Tiwari 2nd Floor, Metropole Building, Next to Inox Theatre, Bund Garden Road, Pune - 411013. Maharashtra, India. + 1-888-391-5441 sales@reportsandreports.com Connect with Us:   LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/reportsnreports RSS/Feeds:   http://www.reportsnreports.com/feed/l-latestreports.xml SOURCE ReportsnReports 13 Jun, 2017, 17:00 BST Preview: Magnesium Powder Market Analysis, Trends and 2022 Forecasts Says a New Research Report at ReportsnReports.com 13 Jun, 2017, 11:00 BST Preview: Astaxanthin Market 2022 Global Forecast and Trends Research Report Now Available at ReportsnReports.com My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 02:30 BSTHDD Market (Horizontal Directional Drilling) to Grow at 6.85%... 15 Jun, 2017, 18:00 BSTGlobal Sawmill Industry Forecasts and Analysis Review to 2022... Explore More news releases in similar topics Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Aerospace & Defense Leisure & Tourism Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Space Tourism Market to Grow at 14.34% CAGR by 2021 Says A New Research Report at ReportsnReports.com News provided by ReportsnReports 13 Jun, 2017, 15:00 BST Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Contact Us +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Contact PR Newswire +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Contact Us Overview Request More Info Become a Partner   Products The Wire Multimedia News Releases Disclosure Services Media Intelligence About About PR Newswire About Cision Partnering Opportunities Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France Germany India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United States My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Products Contact News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web site Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government Labor & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Handicapped, Disabled Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Phone +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
By continuing to use this site you consent to the use of cookies on your device. Find out more about our cookie policy and the types of cookies we use by clicking here You currently DO NOT have javascript enabled, to view our site this must be enabled, read more Welcome to Morningstar Type Ticker, Company or Fund Name Sign Up Login Company Site Home Portfolio Investing for Retirement  Equities OEIC / Unit Trusts Investment Trusts ETFs Markets Tools Advisers   Welcome to Morningstar.co.uk! You have been redirected here from Hemscott.com as we are merging our websites to provide you with a one-stop shop for all your investment research needs. Get Started: To search for a security, type the name or ticker in the search box at the top of the page and select from the dropdown results. Registered Hemscott users can log in to Morningstar using the same login details. Similarly, if you are a Hemscott Premium user, you now have a Morningstar Premium account which you can access using the same login details. Morningstar.co.uk contains data, news and research on shares and funds, unique commentary and independent Morningstar research on a broad range of investment products, and portfolio and asset allocation tools to help make better investing decisions. For more information: Find out more about Morningstar and the website Read our top tips for getting the most out of Morningstar.co.uk Locate your usual Hemscott.com features on Morningstar.co.uk See a comprehensive list of Morningstar.co.uk features Check the answers to FAQs Contact website support Don't show me this message again   Close Economic Insights Is the US Headed for an Economic Downturn? Sector-level economic data suggests U.S. growth is less than robust, says Morningstar's Bob Johnson Robert Johnson, CFA 13 June, 2017 | 11:21AM Share via Email   Receiver's Email: Invalid Reciever Email Sender's Email: Invalid Sender Email Add Your Note (Optional):   Industry-specific slowdowns combined with exceptionally low unemployment levels suggest that the US may be closer to the end of this economic cycle than many believe. Without more workers, sustaining economic growth may prove difficult. While we spend a lot of time discussing macroeconomics such as interest rates and fiscal stimulus, microeconomic issues often get short shrift. At the end of 2016 we published a graph that showed how some of the key economic drivers of this recovery were beginning to fade. Six months later, that fading process has yet to reverse itself, with the possible exception of oil and gas. Motor and Housing Normally Kick-Start Recovery As you might recall, most recoveries feature big, bold rebounds in auto and housing due to lower interest rates. Growth in these two labour-intensive sectors, where consumers can leverage their purchases, helps raise overall levels of economic activity and acts to jump-start economic activity in other sectors. During this recovery, tight mortgage credit has caused a slower, but perhaps longer, recovery for the housing sector. Motor vehicle credit, because of a better delinquency track record compared with mortgages, has flowed much more easily, leading to a more typical auto recovery. This Recovery Had Different Early Drivers Still, this recovery was based on the dynamics of a number of sectors not normally thought of as key economic drivers. Specifically, a huge ramp-up at Boeing for the production of the 787 Dreamliner and the revamped 747-800 had an outsize impact on this recovery. At $200 million or more per 787 and a ramp-up from zero to 12 aircraft per month, the new plane was enough to move the U.S. economic needle. New Oil and Gas Technologies Were Big Help Also, the revolution in technologies enabling more U.S. production of oil and gas, which previously experienced more than two decades of production declines, was a new dynamic for the economy. While the graph above features oil and gas production levels, the spending on the equipment and materials to produce that oil was even more dramatic and began even earlier. Motor Vehicle Recovery More Dynamic We mentioned that motor vehicles had their normal recovery bounce. However, even that recovery was bigger and more dynamic than the unit data above might suggest. Because of U.S. tariffs on light trucks – which include minivans, SUVs, and pickups, more of the U.S. sales went to U.S. producers. Light trucks are substantially more expensive than sedans. Healthcare and Restaurant Sales Bounce The combination of an aging population, new technologies, and industry pricing power has generally made healthcare an important contributor to economic growth, especially as government programs to pay for healthcare have been expanding for more than 50 years. Healthcare growth got an extra shot as the Affordable Care Act extended Medicare to an additional 15 million, with most of those recipients added between 2014 and 2016. We believe spending by these additional participants caused the big bounce, big by healthcare standards, anyhow, from less than 2% growth to more than 5%. Many things can change the dynamics of restaurant spending. However, we think employment growth is probably one of the main factors. Recall that improved investment spending, airplanes, shale oil production equipment, drove a lot of the early recovery, and that employment growth healed a bit later than normal. Restaurant sales were quite good albeit not stupendous early in the recovery. Demographics of more young workers certainly helped. However, the acceleration in employment growth after 2012 and wage growth after 2014 helped jump-start restaurant sales. Lower-cost restaurant space, resulting from the closure of a lot of big-box stores, also fuelled the supply side of the equation. Key Drivers Have Petered Out Automobile and aerospace growth rates peaked in late 2012. Fortunately, this was about the same time that healthcare and restaurant sales began to move out of their periods of more-staid-than-normal growth. And in 2014 there was another spike in oil and gas production, helping maintain overall economic growth rates. However, by early 2015, all five of what we viewed as the major growth drivers were in retreat. Sources of Potential Growth? Admittedly, we cherry-picked items to talk about as they were the categories we have featured in our columns during the recovery. However, what will replace these items is not entirely clear. Certainly, the shift to grocers from restaurants is helping the food production industry. Believe it or not, the food industry is the largest "manufacturing" industry in the United States at close to 15% of the manufacturing sector. In terms of production, the food industry has seen a bump to 3% growth. Over a long period of time, that number has never been much higher than 1%. Unfortunately, the restaurant industry employs 11.7 million workers, while just 1.6 million work in food-related manufacturing. Technology-related consumption and production are also bright spots. Unfortunately, this is a small sector, with about 1 million tech-related manufacturing jobs. And even as tech production pushes above 4%, we note that tech employment is down year over year. We love the higher productivity, but better results won't necessarily help overall employment and put more dollars in consumers' pockets. The information contained within is for educational and informational purposes ONLY. It is not intended nor should it be considered an invitation or inducement to buy or sell a security or securities noted within nor should it be viewed as a communication intended to persuade or incite you to buy or sell security or securities noted within. Any commentary provided is the opinion of the author and should not be considered a personalised recommendation. The information contained within should not be a person's sole basis for making an investment decision. Please contact your financial professional before making an investment decision. Share via Email   Receiver's Email: Invalid Reciever Email Sender's Email: Invalid Sender Email Add Your Note (Optional):   Related Articles Most Popular Recent Articles Ignore the UK Economy and Focus on Fundamentals Many were expecting the economy to hit the wall in the aftermath of Brexit, and have been plea... How Europe is Divided and How it Impacts Politics Think the UK is just divided into leavers and remainers? Think again, says YouGov's Joe Twyman... Should Investors Be Concerned About a Global Downturn? Fidelity's Anna Stupnytskya warns that global growth has peaked - and so has the reflation tra... The Evolution of Emerging Markets Almost 80% of the emerging market index is made up of countries that were not investible in 19... How Chinese Demographics Will Impact Global Market Returns The demographically driven slowdown in Chinese growth will have an impact on businesses across... Are FTSE Mining Companies Cheap Right Now? Mining companies are operating in a challenging environment but could now be the time to top up o... Advice for George Osborne and Stock Market Regrets THE WEEK: Morningstar columnist Rodney Hobson provides two pieces of advice to George Osborne, an... How to Find Solid Dividend-Paying Stocks Businesses that have competitive advantages within their industry are good candidates for dividen... 10 Top-Performing Funds in the UK Morningstar reveals the top 10 best performers over the last five years Fund Research: Europe’s Shining Stars Morningstar OBSR reveals the top funds for investors seeking exposure to European equities Why Did Markets Not React To ‘Shock’ Election Result? Unexpected election results usually create turmoil on currency and stock markets. Why has calm pr... Federal Reserve Raises Interest Rates Despite More Hawkish Outlook The second rate rise this year was widely expected – but many now expect rates to be kept on hold... Regulator Keen to Squeeze Adviser Fees Fund management fees are falling, could the cost of getting advice be next in line?  Smart Beta: What are Value ETFs? In the first in our series explaining the different factors investors can add to their portfolios... Is Gold Undervalued? The gold price has risen year to date - but one multi-manager is saying the real asset looks chea... About Author Robert Johnson, CFA  is director of economic analysis with Morningstar. HelpGlossaryLicensing OpportunitiesData OpportunitiesCareersContact MorningstarAdvertiseSite Map International sites: Australia Austria Belgium Canada China Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Hong Kong Iceland India Italy Ireland Japan Korea Latvia Lithuania Malaysia Netherlands New Zealand Norway Portugal Singapore South Africa Spain Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Thailand United Kingdom United States     Make this site my homepage © Copyright 2016 Morningstar. All rights reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Cookies The Morningstar Star Rating for Stocks is assigned based on an analyst's estimate of a stocks fair value. It is projection/opinion and not a statement of fact. Morningstar assigns star ratings based on an analyst’s estimate of a stock's fair value. Four components drive the Star Rating: (1) our assessment of the firm’s economic moat, (2) our estimate of the stock’s fair value, (3) our uncertainty around that fair value estimate and (4) the current market price. This process culminates in a single-point star rating that is updated daily. A 5-star represents a belief that the stock is a good value at its current price; a 1-star stock isn't. If our base-case assumptions are true the market price will converge on our fair value estimate over time, generally within three years. Investments in securities are subject to market and other risks. Past performance of a security may or may not be sustained in future and is no indication of future performance. For detail information about the Morningstar Star Rating for Stocks, please visit here Quantitative Fair Value Estimate represents Morningstar’s estimate of the per share dollar amount that a company’s equity is worth today. The Quantitative Fair Value Estimate is based on a statistical model derived from the Fair Value Estimate Morningstar’s equity analysts assign to companies which includes a financial forecast of the company. The Quantitative Fair Value Estimate is calculated daily. It is a projection/opinion and not a statement of fact. Investments in securities are subject to market and other risks. Past performance of a security may or may not be sustained in future and is no indication of future performance. For detail information about the Quantiative Fair Value Estimate, please visit here
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Military Satellite Market 2017, Industry Analysis Split by Size, Sales, Share, Growth and Forecast To 2022 Military Satellite Market The Global Military Satellite Market Research Report 2017 renders deep perception of the key regional market status of the Military Satellite Industry on a Global level that primarily aims the core regions which comprises of continents like Europe, North America, and Asia and the key countries such as United States, Germany, China and Japan. The report on “Global Military Satellite Market” is a professional report which provides thorough knowledge along with complete information pertaining to the Military Satellite industry propos classifications, definitions, applications, industry chain summary, industry policies in addition to plans, product specifications, manufacturing processes, cost structures, etc. Request for sample of Military Satellite Market research report @ www.qyresearchgroups.com/request-sample/403490 The potential of this industry segment has been rigorously investigated in conjunction with primary market challenges. The present market condition and future prospects of the segment has also been examined. Moreover, key strategies in the market that includes product developments, partnerships, mergers and acquisitions, etc., are discussed. Besides, upstream raw materials and equipment and downstream demand analysis is also conducted. Report Includes:- The report cloaks the market analysis and projection of “Military Satellite Market” on a regional as well as Global level. The report constitutes qualitative and quantitative valuation by industry analysts, first-hand data, assistance from industry experts along with their most recent verbatim and each industry manufacturers via the market value chain. The research experts have additionally assessed the in general sales and revenue generation of this particular market. In addition, this report also delivers widespread analysis of root market trends, several governing elements and macro-economic indicators, coupled with market improvements as per every segment. Furthermore, the report contains diverse profiles of primary market players of “Military Satellite Market”. This report focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering: Boeing Northrop Grumman Israel Aerospace Industries QinetiQ Group Saint-Gobain Sully AJW Aviation Mitsubishi Electric Corporation Lockheed Martin Harris Corporation On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into: Reconnaissance Satellite Navigation Satellite Meteorological Satellite Other On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Military Satellite for each application, including: Navigation Communication Other Detailed TOC and Charts & Tables of Micro Electric Vehicles Market Research Report available @ www.qyresearchgroups.com/report/global-military-satellite… The report is generically segmented into six parts and every part aims on the overview of the Military Satellite industry, present condition of the market, feasibleness of the investment along with several strategies and policies. Apart from the definition and classification, the report also discusses the analysis of import and export and describes a comparison of the market that is focused on the trends and development. Along with entire framework in addition to in-depth details, one can prepare and stay ahead of the competitors across the targeted locations. Every region’s market has been studied thoroughly in this report which deals with the precise information pertaining to the Marketing Channels and novel project investments so that the new entrants as well as the established market players conduct intricate research of trends and analysis in these regional markets. Acknowledging the status of the environment and products’ up gradation, the market report foretells each and every detail. So as to fabricate this report, complete key details, strategies and variables are examined so that entire useful information is amalgamated together for the understanding and studying the key facts pertaining the Global Military Satellite Industry. The production value and market share in conjunction with the SWOT analysis everything is integrated in this report. Check for Discount @ www.qyresearchgroups.com/check-discount/403490 TOC: Global Military Satellite Market Research Report 2017 1 Military Satellite Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Military Satellite 1.2 Military Satellite Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Military Satellite Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Military Satellite Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Reconnaissance Satellite 1.2.4 Navigation Satellite 1.2.5 Meteorological Satellite 1.2.6 Other 1.3 Global Military Satellite Segment by Application 1.3.1 Military Satellite Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Navigation 1.3.3 Communication 1.3.4 Other 1.4 Global Military Satellite Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Military Satellite Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Military Satellite (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Military Satellite Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Military Satellite Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 2 Global Military Satellite Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1 Global Military Satellite Capacity, Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.1 Global Military Satellite Capacity and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.2 Global Military Satellite Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.2 Global Military Satellite Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.3 Global Military Satellite Average Price by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.4 Manufacturers Military Satellite Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area and Product Type 2.5 Military Satellite Market Competitive Situation and Trends 2.5.1 Military Satellite Market Concentration Rate 2.5.2 Military Satellite Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers 2.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion Enquiry before Buying @ www.qyresearchgroups.com/send-an-enquiry/403490 QY Research Groups is a company that simplifies how analysts and decision makers get industry data for their business. Our unique colossal technology has been developed to offer refined search capabilities designed to exploit the long tail of free market research whilst eliminating irrelevant results. QY Research Groups is the collection of market intelligence products and services on the Web. We offer reports and update our collection daily to provide you with instant online access to the world’s most complete and current database of expert insights on Global industries, companies, products, and trends. Jia Wang, Room B1510, ShijiKemao Building, No.66, Zhongguancun East Road,Haidian District, Beijing, 100190, China This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Personal Lubricant Market 2017 Segmentation by Leading Key Players, Application and Geography Outlook To 2021 Next PostNext Gallium Nitride GaN Semiconductor Industry: Drivers and Opportunities along with Potential Applications and Emerging Markets/Countries 2022 Posted on 13 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Military Satellite Market 2017, Industry Analysis Split by Size, Sales, Share, Growth and Forecast To 2022 Military Satellite Market The Global Military Satellite Market Research Report 2017 renders deep perception of the key regional market status of the Military Satellite Industry on a Global level that primarily aims the core regions which comprises of continents like Europe, North America, and Asia and the key countries such as United States, Germany, China and Japan. The report on “Global Military Satellite Market” is a professional report which provides thorough knowledge along with complete information pertaining to the Military Satellite industry propos classifications, definitions, applications, industry chain summary, industry policies in addition to plans, product specifications, manufacturing processes, cost structures, etc. Request for sample of Military Satellite Market research report @ www.qyresearchgroups.com/request-sample/403490 The potential of this industry segment has been rigorously investigated in conjunction with primary market challenges. The present market condition and future prospects of the segment has also been examined. Moreover, key strategies in the market that includes product developments, partnerships, mergers and acquisitions, etc., are discussed. Besides, upstream raw materials and equipment and downstream demand analysis is also conducted. Report Includes:- The report cloaks the market analysis and projection of “Military Satellite Market” on a regional as well as Global level. The report constitutes qualitative and quantitative valuation by industry analysts, first-hand data, assistance from industry experts along with their most recent verbatim and each industry manufacturers via the market value chain. The research experts have additionally assessed the in general sales and revenue generation of this particular market. In addition, this report also delivers widespread analysis of root market trends, several governing elements and macro-economic indicators, coupled with market improvements as per every segment. Furthermore, the report contains diverse profiles of primary market players of “Military Satellite Market”. This report focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering: Boeing Northrop Grumman Israel Aerospace Industries QinetiQ Group Saint-Gobain Sully AJW Aviation Mitsubishi Electric Corporation Lockheed Martin Harris Corporation On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into: Reconnaissance Satellite Navigation Satellite Meteorological Satellite Other On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Military Satellite for each application, including: Navigation Communication Other Detailed TOC and Charts & Tables of Micro Electric Vehicles Market Research Report available @ www.qyresearchgroups.com/report/global-military-satellite… The report is generically segmented into six parts and every part aims on the overview of the Military Satellite industry, present condition of the market, feasibleness of the investment along with several strategies and policies. Apart from the definition and classification, the report also discusses the analysis of import and export and describes a comparison of the market that is focused on the trends and development. Along with entire framework in addition to in-depth details, one can prepare and stay ahead of the competitors across the targeted locations. Every region’s market has been studied thoroughly in this report which deals with the precise information pertaining to the Marketing Channels and novel project investments so that the new entrants as well as the established market players conduct intricate research of trends and analysis in these regional markets. Acknowledging the status of the environment and products’ up gradation, the market report foretells each and every detail. So as to fabricate this report, complete key details, strategies and variables are examined so that entire useful information is amalgamated together for the understanding and studying the key facts pertaining the Global Military Satellite Industry. The production value and market share in conjunction with the SWOT analysis everything is integrated in this report. Check for Discount @ www.qyresearchgroups.com/check-discount/403490 TOC: Global Military Satellite Market Research Report 2017 1 Military Satellite Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Military Satellite 1.2 Military Satellite Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Military Satellite Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Military Satellite Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Reconnaissance Satellite 1.2.4 Navigation Satellite 1.2.5 Meteorological Satellite 1.2.6 Other 1.3 Global Military Satellite Segment by Application 1.3.1 Military Satellite Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Navigation 1.3.3 Communication 1.3.4 Other 1.4 Global Military Satellite Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Military Satellite Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Military Satellite (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Military Satellite Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Military Satellite Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 2 Global Military Satellite Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1 Global Military Satellite Capacity, Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.1 Global Military Satellite Capacity and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.2 Global Military Satellite Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.2 Global Military Satellite Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.3 Global Military Satellite Average Price by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.4 Manufacturers Military Satellite Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area and Product Type 2.5 Military Satellite Market Competitive Situation and Trends 2.5.1 Military Satellite Market Concentration Rate 2.5.2 Military Satellite Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers 2.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion Enquiry before Buying @ www.qyresearchgroups.com/send-an-enquiry/403490 QY Research Groups is a company that simplifies how analysts and decision makers get industry data for their business. Our unique colossal technology has been developed to offer refined search capabilities designed to exploit the long tail of free market research whilst eliminating irrelevant results. QY Research Groups is the collection of market intelligence products and services on the Web. We offer reports and update our collection daily to provide you with instant online access to the world’s most complete and current database of expert insights on Global industries, companies, products, and trends. Jia Wang, Room B1510, ShijiKemao Building, No.66, Zhongguancun East Road,Haidian District, Beijing, 100190, China This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Personal Lubricant Market 2017 Segmentation by Leading Key Players, Application and Geography Outlook To 2021 Next PostNext Gallium Nitride GaN Semiconductor Industry: Drivers and Opportunities along with Potential Applications and Emerging Markets/Countries 2022 Search Recent Posts Car Amplifiers Market Size (Value), Growth, Share, Trends, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Concrete Mixers Market United States: Report Focused on Top Manufacturers, Developments & Growth By 2022 Double Edges Blade Market in Europe Report 2022: Present Scenario for Business Opportunities, Drivers and Trends Double Edges Blade Market in Europe Report 2022: Present Scenario for Business Opportunities, Drivers and Trends Waste Water SCADA Market : Emerging Market Trends, Size, Share and Growth Analysis RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 June 2017 by Craig Francis Global Reusable Launch Vehicles Market to Grow at CAGR Of 11.17% to Forecast 2021 Including Key Players Airbus, Boeing, SpaceX HTF Market Intelligence released a new research report of 67 pages on title ‘Global Reusable Launch Vehicles Market 2017-2021’ with detailed analysis, forecast and strategies. The study covers key regions that includes Americas, APAC, EMEA and important players such as Airbus, Boeing, SpaceX etc. Request a sample report @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/sample-report/486076-global-reusable-launch-vehicles-market Summary About Reusable Launch Vehicles A reusable launch launch vehicle (RLV) is a launch system that can launch a satellite into space more than once. It is different from the expendable launch system, wherein each vehicle is launched once and then discarded. Reusable launch vehicles or RLV is not a new concept. NASA initiated its RLV program in 1994, and the program progressed on two fronts in 1996 with a restructuring of the X-34 air-launched small booster project along with a contractor for the development of the larger X-33 technology demonstrator. Research analysts forecast the global reusable launch vehicles market to grow at a CAGR of 11.17% during the period 2017-2021. Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global reusable launch vehicles market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report presents a detailed picture of the market by way of study, synthesis, and summation of data from multiple sources. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: • Americas • APAC • EMEA Buy this report @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/buy-now?format=1&report=486076 Research analysts report, Global Reusable Launch Vehicles Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors • Airbus • Boeing • SpaceX Other prominent vendors • Bellatrix Aerospace • CALT • Virgin Galactic • Masten Space Systems Market driver • Reduction in satellite launch costs • For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge • High costs of development • For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend • Use of 3D printing technologies • For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report • What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? • What are the key market trends? • What is driving this market? • What are the challenges to market growth? • Who are the key vendors in this market space? • What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? • What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? You can request one free hour of our analyst’s time when you purchase this market report. Details are provided within the report. Get Customization in the Report, Enquire Now @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/enquiry-before-buy/486076-global-reusable-launch-vehicles-market Table of Contents PART 01: Executive summary PART 02: Scope of the report PART 03: Research Methodology PART 04: Introduction • Market outline • Key takeaways • Key buying criteria PART 05: Market landscape • Market overview • Market size and forecast • Five forces analysis PART 06: Patent analysis • Patent trends PART 07: Market segmentation  by type • Market share by type • Market segmentation by revenue • Global partially reusable launch vehicles market • Global fully reusable launch vehicles market PART 08: Geographical segmentation • Market share by geography ….Continued View Detailed Table of Content @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/reports/486076-global-reusable-launch-vehicles-market Thanks for reading this article, you can also get individual chapter wise section or region wise report version like North America, Europe or Asia. Contact Us: CRAIG FRANCIS (PR & Marketing Manager) sales@htfmarketreport.com Ph: +1 (206) 317 1218 CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Construction sector in Bahrain: Analysis of Commercial, Industrial, Infrastructure, Institutional and Residential construction along with trends Next PostNext 2017 Digital Broadcast and Cinematography Cameras Market Development, top Manufacturers, Opportunity Posted on 13 June 2017 by Craig Francis Global Reusable Launch Vehicles Market to Grow at CAGR Of 11.17% to Forecast 2021 Including Key Players Airbus, Boeing, SpaceX HTF Market Intelligence released a new research report of 67 pages on title ‘Global Reusable Launch Vehicles Market 2017-2021’ with detailed analysis, forecast and strategies. The study covers key regions that includes Americas, APAC, EMEA and important players such as Airbus, Boeing, SpaceX etc. Request a sample report @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/sample-report/486076-global-reusable-launch-vehicles-market Summary About Reusable Launch Vehicles A reusable launch launch vehicle (RLV) is a launch system that can launch a satellite into space more than once. It is different from the expendable launch system, wherein each vehicle is launched once and then discarded. Reusable launch vehicles or RLV is not a new concept. NASA initiated its RLV program in 1994, and the program progressed on two fronts in 1996 with a restructuring of the X-34 air-launched small booster project along with a contractor for the development of the larger X-33 technology demonstrator. Research analysts forecast the global reusable launch vehicles market to grow at a CAGR of 11.17% during the period 2017-2021. Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global reusable launch vehicles market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report presents a detailed picture of the market by way of study, synthesis, and summation of data from multiple sources. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: • Americas • APAC • EMEA Buy this report @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/buy-now?format=1&report=486076 Research analysts report, Global Reusable Launch Vehicles Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors • Airbus • Boeing • SpaceX Other prominent vendors • Bellatrix Aerospace • CALT • Virgin Galactic • Masten Space Systems Market driver • Reduction in satellite launch costs • For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge • High costs of development • For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend • Use of 3D printing technologies • For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report • What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? • What are the key market trends? • What is driving this market? • What are the challenges to market growth? • Who are the key vendors in this market space? • What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? • What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? You can request one free hour of our analyst’s time when you purchase this market report. Details are provided within the report. Get Customization in the Report, Enquire Now @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/enquiry-before-buy/486076-global-reusable-launch-vehicles-market Table of Contents PART 01: Executive summary PART 02: Scope of the report PART 03: Research Methodology PART 04: Introduction • Market outline • Key takeaways • Key buying criteria PART 05: Market landscape • Market overview • Market size and forecast • Five forces analysis PART 06: Patent analysis • Patent trends PART 07: Market segmentation  by type • Market share by type • Market segmentation by revenue • Global partially reusable launch vehicles market • Global fully reusable launch vehicles market PART 08: Geographical segmentation • Market share by geography ….Continued View Detailed Table of Content @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/reports/486076-global-reusable-launch-vehicles-market Thanks for reading this article, you can also get individual chapter wise section or region wise report version like North America, Europe or Asia. Contact Us: CRAIG FRANCIS (PR & Marketing Manager) sales@htfmarketreport.com Ph: +1 (206) 317 1218 CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Construction sector in Bahrain: Analysis of Commercial, Industrial, Infrastructure, Institutional and Residential construction along with trends Next PostNext 2017 Digital Broadcast and Cinematography Cameras Market Development, top Manufacturers, Opportunity Posted on 13 June 2017 by Craig Francis Global Reusable Launch Vehicles Market to Grow at CAGR Of 11.17% to Forecast 2021 Including Key Players Airbus, Boeing, SpaceX HTF Market Intelligence released a new research report of 67 pages on title ‘Global Reusable Launch Vehicles Market 2017-2021’ with detailed analysis, forecast and strategies. The study covers key regions that includes Americas, APAC, EMEA and important players such as Airbus, Boeing, SpaceX etc. Request a sample report @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/sample-report/486076-global-reusable-launch-vehicles-market Summary About Reusable Launch Vehicles A reusable launch launch vehicle (RLV) is a launch system that can launch a satellite into space more than once. It is different from the expendable launch system, wherein each vehicle is launched once and then discarded. Reusable launch vehicles or RLV is not a new concept. NASA initiated its RLV program in 1994, and the program progressed on two fronts in 1996 with a restructuring of the X-34 air-launched small booster project along with a contractor for the development of the larger X-33 technology demonstrator. Research analysts forecast the global reusable launch vehicles market to grow at a CAGR of 11.17% during the period 2017-2021. Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global reusable launch vehicles market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report presents a detailed picture of the market by way of study, synthesis, and summation of data from multiple sources. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: • Americas • APAC • EMEA Buy this report @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/buy-now?format=1&report=486076 Research analysts report, Global Reusable Launch Vehicles Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors • Airbus • Boeing • SpaceX Other prominent vendors • Bellatrix Aerospace • CALT • Virgin Galactic • Masten Space Systems Market driver • Reduction in satellite launch costs • For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge • High costs of development • For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend • Use of 3D printing technologies • For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report • What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? • What are the key market trends? • What is driving this market? • What are the challenges to market growth? • Who are the key vendors in this market space? • What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? • What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? You can request one free hour of our analyst’s time when you purchase this market report. Details are provided within the report. Get Customization in the Report, Enquire Now @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/enquiry-before-buy/486076-global-reusable-launch-vehicles-market Table of Contents PART 01: Executive summary PART 02: Scope of the report PART 03: Research Methodology PART 04: Introduction • Market outline • Key takeaways • Key buying criteria PART 05: Market landscape • Market overview • Market size and forecast • Five forces analysis PART 06: Patent analysis • Patent trends PART 07: Market segmentation  by type • Market share by type • Market segmentation by revenue • Global partially reusable launch vehicles market • Global fully reusable launch vehicles market PART 08: Geographical segmentation • Market share by geography ….Continued View Detailed Table of Content @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/reports/486076-global-reusable-launch-vehicles-market Thanks for reading this article, you can also get individual chapter wise section or region wise report version like North America, Europe or Asia. Contact Us: CRAIG FRANCIS (PR & Marketing Manager) sales@htfmarketreport.com Ph: +1 (206) 317 1218 CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Construction sector in Bahrain: Analysis of Commercial, Industrial, Infrastructure, Institutional and Residential construction along with trends Next PostNext 2017 Digital Broadcast and Cinematography Cameras Market Development, top Manufacturers, Opportunity Posted on 13 June 2017 by Craig Francis Global Reusable Launch Vehicles Market to Grow at CAGR Of 11.17% to Forecast 2021 Including Key Players Airbus, Boeing, SpaceX HTF Market Intelligence released a new research report of 67 pages on title ‘Global Reusable Launch Vehicles Market 2017-2021’ with detailed analysis, forecast and strategies. The study covers key regions that includes Americas, APAC, EMEA and important players such as Airbus, Boeing, SpaceX etc. Request a sample report @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/sample-report/486076-global-reusable-launch-vehicles-market Summary About Reusable Launch Vehicles A reusable launch launch vehicle (RLV) is a launch system that can launch a satellite into space more than once. It is different from the expendable launch system, wherein each vehicle is launched once and then discarded. Reusable launch vehicles or RLV is not a new concept. NASA initiated its RLV program in 1994, and the program progressed on two fronts in 1996 with a restructuring of the X-34 air-launched small booster project along with a contractor for the development of the larger X-33 technology demonstrator. Research analysts forecast the global reusable launch vehicles market to grow at a CAGR of 11.17% during the period 2017-2021. Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global reusable launch vehicles market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report presents a detailed picture of the market by way of study, synthesis, and summation of data from multiple sources. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: • Americas • APAC • EMEA Buy this report @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/buy-now?format=1&report=486076 Research analysts report, Global Reusable Launch Vehicles Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors • Airbus • Boeing • SpaceX Other prominent vendors • Bellatrix Aerospace • CALT • Virgin Galactic • Masten Space Systems Market driver • Reduction in satellite launch costs • For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge • High costs of development • For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend • Use of 3D printing technologies • For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report • What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? • What are the key market trends? • What is driving this market? • What are the challenges to market growth? • Who are the key vendors in this market space? • What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? • What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? You can request one free hour of our analyst’s time when you purchase this market report. Details are provided within the report. Get Customization in the Report, Enquire Now @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/enquiry-before-buy/486076-global-reusable-launch-vehicles-market Table of Contents PART 01: Executive summary PART 02: Scope of the report PART 03: Research Methodology PART 04: Introduction • Market outline • Key takeaways • Key buying criteria PART 05: Market landscape • Market overview • Market size and forecast • Five forces analysis PART 06: Patent analysis • Patent trends PART 07: Market segmentation  by type • Market share by type • Market segmentation by revenue • Global partially reusable launch vehicles market • Global fully reusable launch vehicles market PART 08: Geographical segmentation • Market share by geography ….Continued View Detailed Table of Content @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/reports/486076-global-reusable-launch-vehicles-market Thanks for reading this article, you can also get individual chapter wise section or region wise report version like North America, Europe or Asia. Contact Us: CRAIG FRANCIS (PR & Marketing Manager) sales@htfmarketreport.com Ph: +1 (206) 317 1218 CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Construction sector in Bahrain: Analysis of Commercial, Industrial, Infrastructure, Institutional and Residential construction along with trends Next PostNext 2017 Digital Broadcast and Cinematography Cameras Market Development, top Manufacturers, Opportunity Posted on 13 June 2017 by Craig Francis Global Reusable Launch Vehicles Market to Grow at CAGR Of 11.17% to Forecast 2021 Including Key Players Airbus, Boeing, SpaceX HTF Market Intelligence released a new research report of 67 pages on title ‘Global Reusable Launch Vehicles Market 2017-2021’ with detailed analysis, forecast and strategies. The study covers key regions that includes Americas, APAC, EMEA and important players such as Airbus, Boeing, SpaceX etc. Request a sample report @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/sample-report/486076-global-reusable-launch-vehicles-market Summary About Reusable Launch Vehicles A reusable launch launch vehicle (RLV) is a launch system that can launch a satellite into space more than once. It is different from the expendable launch system, wherein each vehicle is launched once and then discarded. Reusable launch vehicles or RLV is not a new concept. NASA initiated its RLV program in 1994, and the program progressed on two fronts in 1996 with a restructuring of the X-34 air-launched small booster project along with a contractor for the development of the larger X-33 technology demonstrator. Research analysts forecast the global reusable launch vehicles market to grow at a CAGR of 11.17% during the period 2017-2021. Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global reusable launch vehicles market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report presents a detailed picture of the market by way of study, synthesis, and summation of data from multiple sources. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: • Americas • APAC • EMEA Buy this report @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/buy-now?format=1&report=486076 Research analysts report, Global Reusable Launch Vehicles Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors • Airbus • Boeing • SpaceX Other prominent vendors • Bellatrix Aerospace • CALT • Virgin Galactic • Masten Space Systems Market driver • Reduction in satellite launch costs • For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge • High costs of development • For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend • Use of 3D printing technologies • For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report • What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? • What are the key market trends? • What is driving this market? • What are the challenges to market growth? • Who are the key vendors in this market space? • What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? • What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? You can request one free hour of our analyst’s time when you purchase this market report. Details are provided within the report. Get Customization in the Report, Enquire Now @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/enquiry-before-buy/486076-global-reusable-launch-vehicles-market Table of Contents PART 01: Executive summary PART 02: Scope of the report PART 03: Research Methodology PART 04: Introduction • Market outline • Key takeaways • Key buying criteria PART 05: Market landscape • Market overview • Market size and forecast • Five forces analysis PART 06: Patent analysis • Patent trends PART 07: Market segmentation  by type • Market share by type • Market segmentation by revenue • Global partially reusable launch vehicles market • Global fully reusable launch vehicles market PART 08: Geographical segmentation • Market share by geography ….Continued View Detailed Table of Content @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/reports/486076-global-reusable-launch-vehicles-market Thanks for reading this article, you can also get individual chapter wise section or region wise report version like North America, Europe or Asia. Contact Us: CRAIG FRANCIS (PR & Marketing Manager) sales@htfmarketreport.com Ph: +1 (206) 317 1218 CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Construction sector in Bahrain: Analysis of Commercial, Industrial, Infrastructure, Institutional and Residential construction along with trends Next PostNext 2017 Digital Broadcast and Cinematography Cameras Market Development, top Manufacturers, Opportunity Posted on 13 June 2017 by Craig Francis Global Reusable Launch Vehicles Market to Grow at CAGR Of 11.17% to Forecast 2021 Including Key Players Airbus, Boeing, SpaceX HTF Market Intelligence released a new research report of 67 pages on title ‘Global Reusable Launch Vehicles Market 2017-2021’ with detailed analysis, forecast and strategies. The study covers key regions that includes Americas, APAC, EMEA and important players such as Airbus, Boeing, SpaceX etc. Request a sample report @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/sample-report/486076-global-reusable-launch-vehicles-market Summary About Reusable Launch Vehicles A reusable launch launch vehicle (RLV) is a launch system that can launch a satellite into space more than once. It is different from the expendable launch system, wherein each vehicle is launched once and then discarded. Reusable launch vehicles or RLV is not a new concept. NASA initiated its RLV program in 1994, and the program progressed on two fronts in 1996 with a restructuring of the X-34 air-launched small booster project along with a contractor for the development of the larger X-33 technology demonstrator. Research analysts forecast the global reusable launch vehicles market to grow at a CAGR of 11.17% during the period 2017-2021. Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global reusable launch vehicles market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report presents a detailed picture of the market by way of study, synthesis, and summation of data from multiple sources. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: • Americas • APAC • EMEA Buy this report @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/buy-now?format=1&report=486076 Research analysts report, Global Reusable Launch Vehicles Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors • Airbus • Boeing • SpaceX Other prominent vendors • Bellatrix Aerospace • CALT • Virgin Galactic • Masten Space Systems Market driver • Reduction in satellite launch costs • For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge • High costs of development • For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend • Use of 3D printing technologies • For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report • What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? • What are the key market trends? • What is driving this market? • What are the challenges to market growth? • Who are the key vendors in this market space? • What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? • What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? You can request one free hour of our analyst’s time when you purchase this market report. Details are provided within the report. Get Customization in the Report, Enquire Now @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/enquiry-before-buy/486076-global-reusable-launch-vehicles-market Table of Contents PART 01: Executive summary PART 02: Scope of the report PART 03: Research Methodology PART 04: Introduction • Market outline • Key takeaways • Key buying criteria PART 05: Market landscape • Market overview • Market size and forecast • Five forces analysis PART 06: Patent analysis • Patent trends PART 07: Market segmentation  by type • Market share by type • Market segmentation by revenue • Global partially reusable launch vehicles market • Global fully reusable launch vehicles market PART 08: Geographical segmentation • Market share by geography ….Continued View Detailed Table of Content @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/reports/486076-global-reusable-launch-vehicles-market Thanks for reading this article, you can also get individual chapter wise section or region wise report version like North America, Europe or Asia. Contact Us: CRAIG FRANCIS (PR & Marketing Manager) sales@htfmarketreport.com Ph: +1 (206) 317 1218 CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Construction sector in Bahrain: Analysis of Commercial, Industrial, Infrastructure, Institutional and Residential construction along with trends Next PostNext 2017 Digital Broadcast and Cinematography Cameras Market Development, top Manufacturers, Opportunity Search Recent Posts Car Amplifiers Market Size (Value), Growth, Share, Trends, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Concrete Mixers Market United States: Report Focused on Top Manufacturers, Developments & Growth By 2022 Double Edges Blade Market in Europe Report 2022: Present Scenario for Business Opportunities, Drivers and Trends Double Edges Blade Market in Europe Report 2022: Present Scenario for Business Opportunities, Drivers and Trends Waste Water SCADA Market : Emerging Market Trends, Size, Share and Growth Analysis RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
  News Magazines Events Industry Calendar Products   Home >> News: June 12th, 2017 >> Story Satnews Daily June 12th, 2017 Inflight Connectivity Success is Charted by NSR High passenger expectations for quality inflight connectivity (IFC) at the correct price are still front and center and the road to success in providing it remains a long and winding path — many positive signs point to more decisions from airlines to adopt better IFC solutions in this most visible SATCOM growth market; but it is still a difficult road to fulfill the promise it has held for many years now. Measured Success NSR’s Aeronautical Satcom Markets, 5th Edition report found passenger behavior on the ground eventually drives installation of IFC onboard aircraft and that connectivity will be on two out of every three commercial passenger aircraft by the end of 2026, generating over $3 B by the end of 2026. Combined aircraft deliveries by both Boeing and Airbus were 1,436 last year, and both upped their backlog and orders, as well as their aircraft demand forecasts (approximately 35,100 airframes in the next two decades). Concurrently, IFC take rates were up for ATG and FSS Ku-band, and deliveries as well as contracts of HTS service shot through the roof as free Wi-Fi was introduced on more planes, mainly in North America.  Revenues for broadband satellite IFC last year inched up another $150 million, close to 40% more than in 2015, which was just below expectations.  Charting Challenges Not all is easy, however, and challenges remain. With 550 ATG units to be de-installed in the next few years, American Airlines’ set GoGo back to the tune of 23 percent of its revenues, which it will need to replace in the next few years. To offset this loss in the mature North American market, where insufficient bandwidth (quality of service?) to planes is a showstopper for many airlines, higher bandwidth HTS service such as 2Ku, Exede-in-the-Air and Global Xpress will gradually take center stage as more customers jump to higher throughput satellite capacity. However, will additional capacity solve the revenue picture for everyone?  Lack of developed technology such as better performing, lower weight flat panel antennas, high barriers to entry due to infrastructure costs, and finding the best business models for the majority of airlines remain obstacles to profit-making in the IFC sector.  Currently, the model seeming “best” to offset the current hesitancy of airlines to engage in offering fleet-wide IFC services is where "winning" an airline means service providers paying for all hardware/installation/operations and utilizing a service revenue split.  Free items for airlines typically include hardware, installation and network operations, while service revenues are split with the majority for the service provider and about 20-25 percent going to the airline.  The satellite industry stands to gain significantly from this model, but it will have to generate sizeable revenues in the face of fading capacity prices to recoup these large investments. Fortunately, opportunities abound moving forward. Good News is…   A near doubling of the addressable market with Asia offering the fastest growth, followed by  the Middle-East and Africa (MEA) regions, offers bright perspectives for IFC players. These two regions have the highest annual growth for passenger traffic, and NSR noted that Asia has become the region with the most airlines connected, and together with the MEA, these represent 60 percent of all airlines with connectivity at the end of 2016.  What is this built on? By looking at the lead provider, Panasonic, in terms of contracted aircraft (50 percent of the Asia and MEA installed base), we see a large share of wide-body aircraft — 80 percent — for long-haul routes usually and an expanding coverage zone in these areas. For other established markets, such as Europe and North America, the SATCOM IFC market is in a three-way tie between ViaSat, GEE and GoGo, which will probably filter down to enabling higher throughput, more narrowbody contracts and HTS capacity. Bottom Line The future of IFC may give different growth patterns, especially as GEO-HTS capacity across Ku- and Ka-band comes online with double-digit annual revenues and in-service unit growth rates expected. The success path may not be straightforward here where one particular type of aircraft, a certain footprint over flight paths and traffic numbers all equal booming business. But there is a visible progress pathway that can help the industry push in-flight connectivity service to its expected heights. Topical Tags :  New Products    Analysis/Reports    Service Provider              Regional Tags :  North America    Global                 FREE SUBSCRIPTION Today's Top News SES Goes to the Heights with Comtech EF Data's Network Platform Just Released U.S.A.F. Reports Reveal Near-Perfect Performance Record for Civil GPS Service U.S.A.F.'s Second Space Ops Parts Ways with the SVN 32 GPS Satellite China's First X-Ray Space Telescope Sees Through Dust and Darkness to Find Black Holes, Pulsars and Gamma Ray Bursts LEO Constellation Being Planned by China's Commsat Technology Development Co. Ltd. More News Advantech Wireless Goes Wide and Down ... with Wide Band Front End Frequency Down Converter First Place Victors in NASA's Cubesat Challenge — the NSS Sponsored Cornell University Cislunar Explorers Digital Ship's Maritime CIO Forum to be Held in Rotterdam in September Central African Republic Connectivity Reinforced by SES and Orange Central African Returning to Full Family Ownership — Haigh-Farr, Inc. In Case of the Worst Scenario ... Orbital ATK's Abort Motor Test for NASA’s Orion Spacecraft Last Week's Top Stories ViaSat Celebrates Successful Launch and Even the First Signals from ViaSat-2  Inmarsat Signs On Thales Alenia Space to Build Their Next GX Satellite Iridium's NEXT 10 Satellites Arrive at Vandenberg AFB for June 25 Launch exactEarth and Harris' Exactly Right NEXT Marine Service with exactView™ RT Thales Alenia Space to Build an Inmarsat VHTS Global Xpress Satellite India's Successful Launch Despite a "Naughty Boy" Slowing the GSLV-MKIII D1/GSAT-19 Mission Tracking 250K Ships Becomes a Reality with Harris Technology Major Milestone Met by HughesNet As OHB's Telcom Small GEOSat Passes Muster It's Handed to HispaSat First Launch Upcoming for Asgardia's Smallsat News Topics All Topics Agencies Analysis/Reports Business Moves Consumer Applications Events Executive Moves Finance Launch Manufacturing Military New Products Regulatory/Government SatBroadcasting Satellite Operator Service Provider SmallSat Systems News Regions All Regions Asia/Asia Pacific Europe Global Middle East/Africa North America South/Central America Past News Magazine Articles News & Data Current Satellite News Last Week's Top Stories News Topics News Regions Past News Magazines About Us Main Office / Sales Editorial Contacts History Staff Industry Industry Directory Free Publications Products Satellite Events International Paris Air Show NSMMS & CRASTE Joint Conference MilSatCom USA Cyber Security for National Defense Symposium Small Satellite Conference: Small Satellites  Big Data IDGA Maritime ISR Summit Digital Ship Maritime CIO Forum Tokyo
Daily Express The Express Tribune Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live Friday, 16 Jun 2017 Subscribe Express News The Express Tribune Web Chutney Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live RSS Today's Paper Subscribe beta 2.1 Friday, 16 Jun 2017 Today's Paper Advertise Home Pakistan Business Tech Videos World Opinion Life & Style Sports T.Edit Blogs Jobs Classifieds Labs Events The Express Tribune > World   Airbus A380 may be about to get bigger Share Tweet Airbus A380 may be about to get bigger Instea­d of launch­ing a whole new model, airbus has decide­d to make extens­ions to the existi­ng ones By News Desk Published: June 13, 2017 0SHARES Share Tweet Email An Emirates Airbus A380-800 takes off from San Francisco International Airport, San Francisco, California. PHOTO: REUTERS The airbus A380 plans to extend its wing span as the world’s largest passenger jet is set to become even bigger than before. The wide-bodied, double decker engine aircraft with a width of 262 feet is expected  to grow by 32 feet as a possibility of upgrades is being considered by the French manufacturer. Instead of launching a whole new model of the aircraft by buying new engines with enhanced features, the airbus has decided to make extensions to the existing ones. “We will not launch a new A380, there’s no business case now to do that, this is absolutely clear,” said Airbus’s president Fabrice Bregier. “But it doesn’t prevent us from looking at what could be done to improve the performance of the aircraft.” Boeing to test pilotless jetliners in 2018 “So having a little bit more efficiency from the engines is clearly an option, and looking at whether we could bring new winglets is also probably a good possibility,” he added. Emirates owns the most number of A380s but it was launched by the Singapore Airlines in 2007. However, the aircraft is used by the British Airways on a number of routes, including London to Hong Kong and Los Angeles. The A380 has a capacity to seat 525 people. The second largest commercial aircraft is the 747-8 which belongs to Boeing. The manufacturer will save expenses by extending the wing tip devices on the A380 instead of introducing a whole new “neo” model. “New winglets would not require strengthening of the fuselage-wing junction,” said Bregier. A new A380 is considered the Airbus’s most expensive aircraft which costs $436.9 million.   This article originally appeared on The Telegraph Read more: A380 , Latest Read full story Recommended Stories Boeing to test pilotless jetliners in 2018 The world's biggest plane maker want to make jetliners that fly without pilots Airbus starts building first helicopter plant in China The European planemaker plans to produce 18 machines a year in the country to cover shortage of civilian helicopters Facebook Conversations Leave Your Reply Below Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Email Location Your comments may appear in The Express Tribune paper. For this reason we encourage you to provide your city. The Express Tribune does not bear any responsibility for user comments. Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive. For more information, please see our Comments FAQ. Most Read 1 Are you with us or with Qatar, Saudis ask Pakistan 2 Offshore assets: JIT quizzes PM Nawaz for three hours 3 Pakistanis take down Rishi Kapoor after 'India will BLUE you' tweet 4 Ryanair flight sex couple 'didn't know each other' 5 'They waited only until the day I started menstruating' — A childhood interrupted 6 CTD solves mystery behind college student’s 2015 death 7 Raj Kumar, first Pakistani to win US award 8 'Public endangerment': Police detain Karachi lion owner after video of 'pet' on streets goes viral 9 Baskin-Robbins ice cream chain coming to Pakistan 10 Pakistani rickshaws make their way into Japan Connect With Tribune News Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Get news delivered to your inbox Your Email Address Great! You'll get your first email soon. Recent Slideshows Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (June 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (May 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (April 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (March 2017) More in WorldGaza: Palestinian territory ravaged by wars, poverty © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] Pakistan Sindh Punjab Balochistan KP & FATA Jammu & Kashmir Gilgit Baltistan Life & Style Books Music TV & Film Fashion Food Gossip Videos Slideshows Videos Opinion Editorial Letters Business World Sports Magazine Others About us Online Advertising RSS Feeds Google+ Subscribe to the Paper Contact us Careers Style Guide Privacy Policy Copyrights Code of ethics Mobile App This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, redistributed or derived from. Unless otherwise stated, all content is copyrighted © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] facebook twitter whatsapp
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Airborne Weapon Delivery Systems Market Analysis, Manufacturing Cost Structure, Growth Opportunities And Restraint To 2022 Airborne Weapon Delivery Systems The Global Airborne Weapon Delivery Systems Market Research Report 2017 renders deep perception of the key regional market status of the Airborne Weapon Delivery Systems Industry on a global level that primarily aims the core regions which comprises of continents like Europe, North America, and Asia and the key countries such as United States, Germany, China and Japan. Request For Sample Of Airborne Weapon Delivery Systems Market Research Report @ www.qyresearchgroups.com/request-sample/403461 The report on “Global Airborne Weapon Delivery Systems Market” is a professional report which provides thorough knowledge along with complete information pertaining to the Airborne Weapon Delivery Systems industry a propos classifications, definitions, applications, industry chain summary, industry policies in addition to plans, product specifications, manufacturing processes, cost structures, etc. The potential of this industry segment has been rigorously investigated in conjunction with primary market challenges. The present market condition and future prospects of the segment has also been examined. Moreover, key strategies in the market that includes product developments, partnerships, mergers and acquisitions, etc., are discussed. Besides, upstream raw materials and equipment and downstream demand analysis is also conducted. Report Includes:- The report cloaks the market analysis and projection of “Airborne Weapon Delivery Systems Market” on a regional as well as global level. The report constitutes qualitative and quantitative valuation by industry analysts, first-hand data, assistance from industry experts along with their most recent verbatim and each industry manufacturers via the market value chain. The research experts have additionally assessed the in general sales and revenue generation of this particular market. In addition, this report also delivers widespread analysis of root market trends, several governing elements and macro-economic indicators, coupled with market improvements as per every segment. Furthermore, the report contains diverse profiles of primary market players of “Airborne Weapon Delivery Systems Market”. Global Airborne Weapon Delivery Systems market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including 1. BAE Systems 2. Boeing 3. Elbit Systems 4. General Dynamics 5. Lockheed Martin 6. CMC Electronics 7. Northrop Grumman 8. Raytheon 9. Saab On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into • Fixed-wing fighter aircraft • Rotary wing and UCAV On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Airborne Weapon Delivery Systems for each application, including • Military agencies • Missile suppliers • Other Detailed TOC And Charts & Tables Of Airborne Weapon Delivery Systems Market Research Report Available @ www.qyresearchgroups.com/report/global-airborne-weapon-de… The report is generically segmented into six parts and every part aims on the overview of the Airborne Weapon Delivery Systems industry, present condition of the market, feasibleness of the investment along with several strategies and policies. Apart from the definition and classification, the report also discusses the analysis of import and export and describes a comparison of the market that is focused on the trends and development. Along with entire framework in addition to in-depth details, one can prepare and stay ahead of the competitors across the targeted locations. The fact that this market report renders details about the major market players along with their product development and current trends proves to be very beneficial for fresh entrants to comprehend and recognize the industry in an improved manner. The report also enlightens the productions, sales, supply, market condition, demand, growth, and forecast of the Airborne Weapon Delivery Systems industry in the global markets. Every region’s market has been studied thoroughly in this report which deals with the precise information pertaining to the Marketing Channels and novel project investments so that the new entrants as well as the established market players conduct intricate research of trends and analysis in these regional markets. Acknowledging the status of the environment and products’ up gradation, the market report foretells each and every detail. So as to fabricate this report, complete key details, strategies and variables are examined so that entire useful information is amalgamated together for the understanding and studying the key facts pertaining the global Airborne Weapon Delivery Systems Industry. The production value and market share in conjunction with the SWOT analysis everything is integrated in this report. Check For Discount @ www.qyresearchgroups.com/check-discount/403461 Some Points From TOC:- 1 Airborne Weapon Delivery Systems Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Airborne Weapon Delivery Systems 1.2 Airborne Weapon Delivery Systems Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Airborne Weapon Delivery Systems Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Airborne Weapon Delivery Systems Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Fixed-wing fighter aircraft 1.2.4 Rotary wing and UCAV 1.3 Global Airborne Weapon Delivery Systems Segment by Application 1.3.1 Airborne Weapon Delivery Systems Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Military agencies 1.3.3 Missile suppliers 1.3.4 Other 1.4 Global Airborne Weapon Delivery Systems Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Airborne Weapon Delivery Systems Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Airborne Weapon Delivery Systems (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Airborne Weapon Delivery Systems Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Airborne Weapon Delivery Systems Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) Enquiry Before Buying @ www.qyresearchgroups.com/send-an-enquiry/403461 About Us: QY Research Groups is a company that simplifies how analysts and decision makers get industry data for their business. Our unique colossal technology has been developed to offer refined search capabilities designed to exploit the long tail of free market research whilst eliminating irrelevant results. QY Research Groups is the collection of market intelligence products and services on the Web. We offer reports and update our collection daily to provide you with instant online access to the world’s most complete and current database of expert insights on Global industries, companies, products, and trends. Contact us: Email- sales@qyresearchgroups.com Web- www.qyresearchgroups.com Follow Us: LinkedIn | Twitter| Facebook This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global and Chinese PCB Ink Market Size, Overview and Driving Factor to 2022 Next PostNext Sea Cucumber Capsules Market Analysis By Regions, Revenue, Import/ Export, Cost, Price, Production & Size 2022 Search Recent Posts Car Amplifiers Market Size (Value), Growth, Share, Trends, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Concrete Mixers Market United States: Report Focused on Top Manufacturers, Developments & Growth By 2022 Double Edges Blade Market in Europe Report 2022: Present Scenario for Business Opportunities, Drivers and Trends Double Edges Blade Market in Europe Report 2022: Present Scenario for Business Opportunities, Drivers and Trends Waste Water SCADA Market : Emerging Market Trends, Size, Share and Growth Analysis RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 June 2017 by wiseguyreports Aerospace & Defense Connectors – Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast to 2022 Global Aerospace & Defense Connectors Industry Latest Report on Aerospace & Defense Connectors Market Global Analysis & 2022 Forecast Research Study This report, from, studies the connectors market in the global aerospace & defense industry over the period 2017 to 2022. The report provides detailed insights into the market dynamics to enable informed business decision-making and growth strategy formulation based on the opportunities in the market. The Global Aerospace & Defense Connectors Market: Highlights The global aerospace & defense connectors market is projected to grow at a healthy CAGR (compound annual growth rate) of 5.1% over the next five years to reach US$ 1,713.2 million in 2022. Increasing production rate of commercial and regional aircraft, such as B737, A320, A350XWB, and C Series; upcoming aircraft & introduction of variants of existing aircraft, such as C919, MRJ, B737Max, A320neo, and E-2 Jets; rising global aircraft fleet; need for lower MRO (maintenance, repair, and overhaul) cost, high demand for the advanced avionic systems, and advancement in the connectors technology are major growth drivers of the global aerospace & defense connectors market. Benchmarking of key players on the following parameters: Product portfolio, geographical reach, regional presence, and strategic alliances Custom Research: offers custom research services across sectors. In case of any custom research requirement related to market assessment, competitive benchmarking, sourcing and procurement, target screening, and others Try Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1375222-global-aerospace-defense-connectors-market-by-aircraft-type-narrow-body-aircraft The global aerospace & defense connectors market is segmented based on aircraft type as narrow-body aircraft, wide-body aircraft, very large aircraft, regional aircraft, general aviation, helicopter, and military aircraft. Narrow-body and wide-body aircraft are the growth engines of the global aerospace & defense connectors market during the forecast period of 2017 to 2022. Wide-body aircraft is projected to witness the highest growth during the same period, driven by increasing demand from Asia-Pacific and Middle-East regions. B777, A330, B787, and A350XWB are the major aircraft generating a healthy demand for connectors. Increasing production rate of B787 and A350XWB; upcoming variants of existing aircraft, such as B777x and A330neo; and rising wide-body aircraft fleet size would continue driving the market in the coming five years. The global aerospace & defense connectors market is segmented based on product type as the signal, power, RF connectors, fiber optics, ethernet, and others. Signal connector is likely to remain the most dominant product type in the market during the forecast period. Signal connectors, fiber optics, and RF connectors are estimated to witness impressive growth rates during the forecast period, driven by the demand for high-performance connectors which are faster, lighter, and have increased functionalities and power efficiencies. The global aerospace & defense connectors market is segmented based on shape type as circular, rectangular, and others. Circular connector is expected to remain the most dominant type during the forecast period, driven by its preference in a wide array of applications. North America is projected to remain the largest market for connectors during the forecast period. North America is the manufacturing hub of the aerospace & defense industry with the presence of several large to small OEMs, tier players, and connector manufacturers. Increasing deliveries of Boeing and Bombardier aircraft, high demand for Lockheed Martin F-35, and large aircraft fleet size are the major drivers of connectors market in this region. Asia-Pacific is expected to witness the highest growth during the forecast period. Commencement of commercial aircraft OEMs’ assembly plants in China, increasing demand for military aircraft; and upcoming indigenous commercial and regional aircraft, such as Comac C919 and Mitsubishi MRJ, fueled by increasing passenger traffic are likely to drive the demand for connectors in the region. Amphenol Corporation, TE Connectivity, ITT Corporation, Esterline Technologies Corporation, Carlisle Interconnect Technologies, Glenair Inc., Bel Fuse Inc., Smiths Group Plc, Rosenberger Group, and Radiall Inc. are the dominant players in the global aerospace & defense connectors market. Long-term contracts and an advancement in the technology are the key strategies adopted by major players to gain a competitive edge in the market throughout the globe. If you have any enquiry before buying a copy of this report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1375222-global-aerospace-defense-connectors-market-by-aircraft-type-narrow-body-aircraft Research Methodology This report offers high-quality insights and is the outcome of detailed research methodology comprising extensive secondary research, rigorous primary interviews with industry stakeholders and validation and triangulation with internal database and statistical tools. More than 700 authenticated secondary sources, such as company annual reports, fact book, press release, journals, investor presentation, white papers, patents, and articles have been leveraged to gather the data. We usually conduct more than 10 detailed primary interviews with the market players across the value chain in all the four regions and with industry experts to obtain both the qualitative and quantitative insights. Report Features This report provides market intelligence in the most comprehensive way. The report structure has been kept such that it offers maximum business value. It provides critical insights into the market dynamics and will enable strategic decision making for the existing market players as well as those willing to enter the market. The following are the key features of the report: Market structure: Overview, industry life cycle analysis, supply chain analysis Market environment analysis: Growth drivers and constraints, Porter’s five forces analysis, SWOT analysis Market Trend and Forecast analysis Market segment trend and forecast Competitive landscape and dynamics: Market share, Product portfolio, Product launches, etc. Attractive market segments and associated growth opportunities Emerging trends Strategic growth opportunities for the existing and new players Key success factors The global aerospace & defense connectors market is segmented into the following categories. For Detailed Reading Please visit WiseGuy Reports @     https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1375222-global-aerospace-defense-connectors-market-by-aircraft-type-narrow-body-aircraft Global Aerospace & Defense Connectors Market by Aircraft Type: Narrow-Body Aircraft (Regional Analysis: NA, Europe, APAC, and RoW) Wide-Body Aircraft (Regional Analysis: NA, Europe, APAC, and RoW) Very Large Aircraft (Regional Analysis: NA, Europe, APAC, and RoW) Regional Aircraft (Regional Analysis: NA, Europe, APAC, and RoW) General Aviation (Regional Analysis: NA, Europe, APAC, and RoW) Helicopter (Regional Analysis: NA, Europe, APAC, and RoW) Military Aircraft (Regional Analysis: NA, Europe, APAC, and RoW) Global Aerospace & Defense Connectors Market by Application Type: Avionics and Control Systems (Regional Analysis: NA, Europe, APAC, and RoW) Interiors and IFE (Regional Analysis: NA, Europe, APAC, and RoW) Engine (Regional Analysis: NA, Europe, APAC, and RoW) Landing Gear (Regional Analysis: NA, Europe, APAC, and RoW) Airframe (Regional Analysis: NA, Europe, APAC, and RoW) Others (Regional Analysis: NA, Europe, APAC, and RoW) Global Aerospace & Defense Connectors Market by Product Type: Signal (Regional Analysis: NA, Europe, APAC, and RoW) Power (Regional Analysis: NA, Europe, APAC, and RoW) Radio Frequency (RF) Connectors (Regional Analysis: NA, Europe, APAC, and RoW) Fiber Optics (Regional Analysis: NA, Europe, APAC, and RoW) Ethernet (Regional Analysis: NA, Europe, APAC, and RoW) Others (Regional Analysis: NA, Europe, APAC, and RoW) Global Aerospace & Defense Connectors Market by Shape Type: Circular (Regional Analysis: NA, Europe, APAC, and RoW) Rectangular (Regional Analysis: NA, Europe, APAC, and RoW) Others (Regional Analysis: NA, Europe, APAC, and RoW) Global Aerospace & Defense Connectors Market by Sales Channel Type: Direct Sales (Regional Analysis: NA, Europe, APAC, and RoW) Distributor Sales (Regional Analysis: NA, Europe, APAC, and RoW) Global Aerospace & Defense Connectors Market by Region: North America (Country Analysis: The USA, Canada, and Mexico) Europe (Country Analysis: Germany, France, The UK, Spain, Russia, and Rest of the Europe) Asia-Pacific (Country Analysis: China, Japan, India, and Rest of Asia-Pacific) Rest of the world (Country Analysis: Middle East, Latin America, and Others) Report Customization Options With this detailed report, offers one of the following free customization options to our respectable clients: Company Profiling Detailed profiling of additional market players (up to 3) SWOT analysis of key players (up to 3) Market Segmentation Current market segmentation of any one of the aircraft type by product type  Competitive Benchmarking For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com About Us Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports understand how essential statistical surveying information is for your organization or association. Therefore, we have associated with the top publishers and research firms all specialized in specific domains, ensuring you will receive the most reliable and up to date research data available. Contact Us: Norah Trent +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 Follow on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/wise-guy-research-consultants-pvt-ltd-?trk=biz-companies-cym CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Anaesthesia Medical Pendant Market Overview, Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis, Growth Opportunities & Restraints to 2022 Next PostNext Antibiotics Market 2017-2022: Size, Share, Analysis, Competitive Landscape and Forecast Posted on 13 June 2017 by wiseguyreports Aerospace & Defense Connectors – Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast to 2022 Global Aerospace & Defense Connectors Industry Latest Report on Aerospace & Defense Connectors Market Global Analysis & 2022 Forecast Research Study This report, from, studies the connectors market in the global aerospace & defense industry over the period 2017 to 2022. The report provides detailed insights into the market dynamics to enable informed business decision-making and growth strategy formulation based on the opportunities in the market. The Global Aerospace & Defense Connectors Market: Highlights The global aerospace & defense connectors market is projected to grow at a healthy CAGR (compound annual growth rate) of 5.1% over the next five years to reach US$ 1,713.2 million in 2022. Increasing production rate of commercial and regional aircraft, such as B737, A320, A350XWB, and C Series; upcoming aircraft & introduction of variants of existing aircraft, such as C919, MRJ, B737Max, A320neo, and E-2 Jets; rising global aircraft fleet; need for lower MRO (maintenance, repair, and overhaul) cost, high demand for the advanced avionic systems, and advancement in the connectors technology are major growth drivers of the global aerospace & defense connectors market. Benchmarking of key players on the following parameters: Product portfolio, geographical reach, regional presence, and strategic alliances Custom Research: offers custom research services across sectors. In case of any custom research requirement related to market assessment, competitive benchmarking, sourcing and procurement, target screening, and others Try Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1375222-global-aerospace-defense-connectors-market-by-aircraft-type-narrow-body-aircraft The global aerospace & defense connectors market is segmented based on aircraft type as narrow-body aircraft, wide-body aircraft, very large aircraft, regional aircraft, general aviation, helicopter, and military aircraft. Narrow-body and wide-body aircraft are the growth engines of the global aerospace & defense connectors market during the forecast period of 2017 to 2022. Wide-body aircraft is projected to witness the highest growth during the same period, driven by increasing demand from Asia-Pacific and Middle-East regions. B777, A330, B787, and A350XWB are the major aircraft generating a healthy demand for connectors. Increasing production rate of B787 and A350XWB; upcoming variants of existing aircraft, such as B777x and A330neo; and rising wide-body aircraft fleet size would continue driving the market in the coming five years. The global aerospace & defense connectors market is segmented based on product type as the signal, power, RF connectors, fiber optics, ethernet, and others. Signal connector is likely to remain the most dominant product type in the market during the forecast period. Signal connectors, fiber optics, and RF connectors are estimated to witness impressive growth rates during the forecast period, driven by the demand for high-performance connectors which are faster, lighter, and have increased functionalities and power efficiencies. The global aerospace & defense connectors market is segmented based on shape type as circular, rectangular, and others. Circular connector is expected to remain the most dominant type during the forecast period, driven by its preference in a wide array of applications. North America is projected to remain the largest market for connectors during the forecast period. North America is the manufacturing hub of the aerospace & defense industry with the presence of several large to small OEMs, tier players, and connector manufacturers. Increasing deliveries of Boeing and Bombardier aircraft, high demand for Lockheed Martin F-35, and large aircraft fleet size are the major drivers of connectors market in this region. Asia-Pacific is expected to witness the highest growth during the forecast period. Commencement of commercial aircraft OEMs’ assembly plants in China, increasing demand for military aircraft; and upcoming indigenous commercial and regional aircraft, such as Comac C919 and Mitsubishi MRJ, fueled by increasing passenger traffic are likely to drive the demand for connectors in the region. Amphenol Corporation, TE Connectivity, ITT Corporation, Esterline Technologies Corporation, Carlisle Interconnect Technologies, Glenair Inc., Bel Fuse Inc., Smiths Group Plc, Rosenberger Group, and Radiall Inc. are the dominant players in the global aerospace & defense connectors market. Long-term contracts and an advancement in the technology are the key strategies adopted by major players to gain a competitive edge in the market throughout the globe. If you have any enquiry before buying a copy of this report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1375222-global-aerospace-defense-connectors-market-by-aircraft-type-narrow-body-aircraft Research Methodology This report offers high-quality insights and is the outcome of detailed research methodology comprising extensive secondary research, rigorous primary interviews with industry stakeholders and validation and triangulation with internal database and statistical tools. More than 700 authenticated secondary sources, such as company annual reports, fact book, press release, journals, investor presentation, white papers, patents, and articles have been leveraged to gather the data. We usually conduct more than 10 detailed primary interviews with the market players across the value chain in all the four regions and with industry experts to obtain both the qualitative and quantitative insights. Report Features This report provides market intelligence in the most comprehensive way. The report structure has been kept such that it offers maximum business value. It provides critical insights into the market dynamics and will enable strategic decision making for the existing market players as well as those willing to enter the market. The following are the key features of the report: Market structure: Overview, industry life cycle analysis, supply chain analysis Market environment analysis: Growth drivers and constraints, Porter’s five forces analysis, SWOT analysis Market Trend and Forecast analysis Market segment trend and forecast Competitive landscape and dynamics: Market share, Product portfolio, Product launches, etc. Attractive market segments and associated growth opportunities Emerging trends Strategic growth opportunities for the existing and new players Key success factors The global aerospace & defense connectors market is segmented into the following categories. For Detailed Reading Please visit WiseGuy Reports @     https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1375222-global-aerospace-defense-connectors-market-by-aircraft-type-narrow-body-aircraft Global Aerospace & Defense Connectors Market by Aircraft Type: Narrow-Body Aircraft (Regional Analysis: NA, Europe, APAC, and RoW) Wide-Body Aircraft (Regional Analysis: NA, Europe, APAC, and RoW) Very Large Aircraft (Regional Analysis: NA, Europe, APAC, and RoW) Regional Aircraft (Regional Analysis: NA, Europe, APAC, and RoW) General Aviation (Regional Analysis: NA, Europe, APAC, and RoW) Helicopter (Regional Analysis: NA, Europe, APAC, and RoW) Military Aircraft (Regional Analysis: NA, Europe, APAC, and RoW) Global Aerospace & Defense Connectors Market by Application Type: Avionics and Control Systems (Regional Analysis: NA, Europe, APAC, and RoW) Interiors and IFE (Regional Analysis: NA, Europe, APAC, and RoW) Engine (Regional Analysis: NA, Europe, APAC, and RoW) Landing Gear (Regional Analysis: NA, Europe, APAC, and RoW) Airframe (Regional Analysis: NA, Europe, APAC, and RoW) Others (Regional Analysis: NA, Europe, APAC, and RoW) Global Aerospace & Defense Connectors Market by Product Type: Signal (Regional Analysis: NA, Europe, APAC, and RoW) Power (Regional Analysis: NA, Europe, APAC, and RoW) Radio Frequency (RF) Connectors (Regional Analysis: NA, Europe, APAC, and RoW) Fiber Optics (Regional Analysis: NA, Europe, APAC, and RoW) Ethernet (Regional Analysis: NA, Europe, APAC, and RoW) Others (Regional Analysis: NA, Europe, APAC, and RoW) Global Aerospace & Defense Connectors Market by Shape Type: Circular (Regional Analysis: NA, Europe, APAC, and RoW) Rectangular (Regional Analysis: NA, Europe, APAC, and RoW) Others (Regional Analysis: NA, Europe, APAC, and RoW) Global Aerospace & Defense Connectors Market by Sales Channel Type: Direct Sales (Regional Analysis: NA, Europe, APAC, and RoW) Distributor Sales (Regional Analysis: NA, Europe, APAC, and RoW) Global Aerospace & Defense Connectors Market by Region: North America (Country Analysis: The USA, Canada, and Mexico) Europe (Country Analysis: Germany, France, The UK, Spain, Russia, and Rest of the Europe) Asia-Pacific (Country Analysis: China, Japan, India, and Rest of Asia-Pacific) Rest of the world (Country Analysis: Middle East, Latin America, and Others) Report Customization Options With this detailed report, offers one of the following free customization options to our respectable clients: Company Profiling Detailed profiling of additional market players (up to 3) SWOT analysis of key players (up to 3) Market Segmentation Current market segmentation of any one of the aircraft type by product type  Competitive Benchmarking For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com About Us Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports understand how essential statistical surveying information is for your organization or association. Therefore, we have associated with the top publishers and research firms all specialized in specific domains, ensuring you will receive the most reliable and up to date research data available. Contact Us: Norah Trent +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 Follow on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/wise-guy-research-consultants-pvt-ltd-?trk=biz-companies-cym CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Anaesthesia Medical Pendant Market Overview, Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis, Growth Opportunities & Restraints to 2022 Next PostNext Antibiotics Market 2017-2022: Size, Share, Analysis, Competitive Landscape and Forecast Search Recent Posts Car Amplifiers Market Size (Value), Growth, Share, Trends, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Concrete Mixers Market United States: Report Focused on Top Manufacturers, Developments & Growth By 2022 Double Edges Blade Market in Europe Report 2022: Present Scenario for Business Opportunities, Drivers and Trends Double Edges Blade Market in Europe Report 2022: Present Scenario for Business Opportunities, Drivers and Trends Waste Water SCADA Market : Emerging Market Trends, Size, Share and Growth Analysis RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Breaking News 45 Congress Security The Nine Trumpmerica State Air Force needs new wings for 110 A-10 Warthogs By Jeremy Herb and Zachary Cohen, CNN Updated 3:18 AM ET, Tue June 13, 2017 Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds. JUST WATCHED Remembering the father of the A-10 Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Remembering the father of the A-10 01:35 Story highlights Air Force officials have vowed that there were no plans to retire the entire A-10 fleet The Air Force has paid for new wings for 173 aircraft, but doesn't have funding for another 110 Washington (CNN)The US Air Force is telling Congress to put its money where its mouth is when it comes to upgrading the venerable A-10 Warthog fleet. As the service rolled out its budget this year, Air Force officials vowed there were no plans to retire the entire A-10 fleet -- despite previous attempts -- but that doesn't mean all of the planes in the fleet are safe. The Air Force has warned Congress that more than a third of the 283 A-10 attack aircraft fleet may have to be permanently grounded unless Congress increases the Air Force's budget to restart the production line that makes new wings for the planes. The Air Force has paid for new wings needed to extend the life of 173 A-10 aircraft, but does not have the funding for the other 110 in the fleet, and about 40 would have to be grounded by 2021 unless additional funds are allocated, according to Air Force spokeswoman Ann Stefanek. The Air Force didn't include money for the extra wings in its latest budget request. But it did drop in a $103 million request on its so-called "wish list" for A-10 wings. Read More The wish lists, known officially as unfunded requirements, are provided to Congress to request money for programs that didn't get funded in the military's budget request. The military has a wish list for Congress -- and it's more than $31 billion long Boeing, which made the new wings for the A-10, has since shut down their plant line. The Air Force's $103 million request, along with $20 million provided in the current fiscal year, would pay for opening a new line and the production of four new wings, an Air Force official told CNN. Defense budget experts say the move to include the plane's wings on its unfunded requirements list resembles a tactic often employed by the military to push Congress to add in funding for politically popular programs, giving the services more room to maneuver within the budget request. "It's a classic budgetary tactic to not include funding for something you know Congress is going to make you fund," said Todd Harrison, a defense analyst at the Center for Strategic and International Studies. "It effectively puts the onus on Congress to find an offset rather than the Air Force. The Air Force is hoping that Congress will pay for this by giving the Air Force additional funds and cutting something elsewhere in the budget, but there is no guarantee of that. If it was truly a high priority, it would have made it into the regular budget request," Harrison said. Air Force gives new life to the A-10 Warthog For years, the Navy included F/A-18 fighter jets on its unfunded requirements list but not the budget, which Congress then added into the final appropriations bill. The issue of the A-10 wing funding came to a head last week during congressional testimony. Lt. Gen. Arnold Bunch, an Air Force acquisition official, testified to Congress that the Air Force was committed to maintaining six of its nine A-10 squadrons flying through 2030. "Additional A-10 force structure is contingent on future budget levels and force structure requirements," Bunch wrote in his written testimony. Rep. Martha McSally, a former A-10 pilot who has been one of the most vocal defenders of the aircraft in Congress, pressed the Air Force to explain why it was considering dropping to just six squadrons. "It's the first time you've publicly said that you're going to go down to six squadrons," McSally said. "I'd really like to know what those planning assumptions are of the six squadrons." Her questions, however, were only submitted for the record, since the hearing was ended due to House votes. Lawmakers have wrestled with how to replace the A-10 for years -- a tall task due to the aircraft's continued effectiveness despite making its first flight in 1975. The Air Force had originally planned for its version of the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter to replace the A-10. But unlike the multi-role F-35, the A-10 is the only airplane in the Air Force specifically designed for close-air support, a function that has become urgent in the fight against ISIS, according to Air Force officials. The A-10 is able to target enemy forces up close without risking friendly fire casualties because the pilots are flying slow enough to visually distinguish between enemy and friendly forces. Last year, then-Secretary of Defense Ash Carter said there were plans to defer the A-10's retirement until 2022, at which point it would be replaced by the F-35. Air Force looking to replace A-10 Warthog But while the first wave of F-35s are currently being deployed for combat, the program's history of delays and cost overruns has caused the Pentagon to consider extending the operational life of the A-10 to meet the demands of the counter-ISIS mission. Air Force officials are also downplaying the idea that the retirement of several A-10 squadrons is imminent pointing out that the service is still evaluating options for funding additional wings. Photos: In the U.S. Air Force fleet B-52 Stratofortress – The first versions of this long-range heavy bomber flew in 1954. A total of 744 were built, the last of those in 1962. The Air Force maintains 58 B-52s in the active force and 18 in the Reserve. A single B-52 can carry 70,000 pounds of mixed munitions, including bombs, missiles and mines. The eight-engine jets have a range of 8,800 miles. Hide Caption 1 of 24 Photos: In the U.S. Air Force fleet The single-engine F-35A is the Air Force's eventual replacement for the F-16 and the A-10. The supersonic jets, which will be able to conduct air-to-air and air-to-ground attacks, are just beginning to enter the Air Force fleet. Here, an F-35 Lightning II from the 34th Fighter Squadron at Hill Air Force Base, Utah, flys at Royal Air Force Lakenheath, England, April 15, 2017. Hide Caption 2 of 24 Photos: In the U.S. Air Force fleet F-22 Raptor – The twin-engine F-22 stealth fighter, flown by a single pilot and armed with a 20mm cannon, heat-seeking missiles, radar-guided missiles and radar-guided bombs, can perform both air-to-air and air-to-ground missions. The service has 183 of the Raptors, which went operational in 2005. Hide Caption 3 of 24 Photos: In the U.S. Air Force fleet B-2 Spirit bomber – The four-engine B-2 heavy bomber has stealth properties that make it hard to detect on radar. Flown by a crew of two, it has an unrefueled range of 6,000 miles and can deliver both conventional and nuclear bombs. Twenty B-2s are in the active inventory. They joined the fleet in 1997. Hide Caption 4 of 24 Photos: In the U.S. Air Force fleet B-1B Lancer bomber – The four-engine jet can fly at 900 mph and carry the largest payload of bombs and missiles in the Air Force inventory. The Air Force has 62 B-1Bs in the fleet. Hide Caption 5 of 24 Photos: In the U.S. Air Force fleet F-15 Eagle – The F-15 Eagle, the Air Force's main air superiority fighter, became operational in 1975. With a crew of one or two, depending on the model, the twin-engine jets are armed with a 20mm cannon along with Sidewinder or AMRAAM missiles. The Air Force lists 249 F-15 Eagles in its inventory. Hide Caption 6 of 24 Photos: In the U.S. Air Force fleet F-15E Strike Eagle – The Strike Eagle is a version of the air superiority fighter adapted to perform ground-strike missions. With a crew of two, the twin-jet can carry and deploy most weapons in the Air Force inventory and operate in any weather. The F-15E was first delivered in 1988. The Air Force lists 219 in its fleet. Hide Caption 7 of 24 Photos: In the U.S. Air Force fleet A-10 Thunderbolt – The A-10 Thunderbolt jets, nicknamed "Warthogs," are specially designed for close air support of ground forces. Key to their armaments is a 30mm Gatling gun. The pilot is protected from ground fire by titanium armor, and the plane's fuel cells are self-sealing in case of puncture. Hide Caption 8 of 24 Photos: In the U.S. Air Force fleet RC-135U – The RC-135U Combat Sent, based at Offutt Air Force Base, Nebraska, provides strategic electronic reconnaissance information to the president, secretary of defense, Department of Defense leaders and theater commanders. Hide Caption 9 of 24 Photos: In the U.S. Air Force fleet An F-15 Eagle takes off from the Andersen Air Force Base, Guam, flight line as two E-3 Sentries are seen in the background. Hide Caption 10 of 24 Photos: In the U.S. Air Force fleet C-130 Hercules transport – A C-130J Super Hercules from the 37th Airlift Squadron flies over Normandy, France, June 3, 2015. First delivered to the Air Force in 1956, the C-130 remains one of the service's most important airlift platforms. More than 140 are still in active units, with more than 180 in the National Guard and a hundred more in the Reserve. The C-130 is powered by four turboprop engines. Hide Caption 11 of 24 Photos: In the U.S. Air Force fleet OV-10 Bronco – A 21st Tactical Air Support Squadron OV-10 Bronco aircraft fires white phosphorus rockets to mark a target for an air strike during tactical air control training. Hide Caption 12 of 24 Photos: In the U.S. Air Force fleet A-29 Super Tucano – An A-29 Super Tucano taxis on the flightline during its first arrival, Sept. 26, 2014, at Moody Air Force Base, Georgia. Afghan Air Force pilots trained on the planes that will be used in air-to-ground attack missions in Afghanistan. Hide Caption 13 of 24 Photos: In the U.S. Air Force fleet KC-135 Stratotanker – The four-engine KC-135 joined the Air Force fleet in 1956 as both a tanker and cargo jet. It can carry up to 200,000 pounds of fuel and 83,000 pounds of cargo and passengers in a deck above the refueling system. More than 400 of the KC-135s are flown by active, Air Guard and Reserve units. Hide Caption 14 of 24 Photos: In the U.S. Air Force fleet F-16 Fighting Falcon – The single-engine jet is a mainstay of the Air Force combat fleet. It can perform both air-to-air and air-to-ground missions with its 20mm cannon and ability to carry missiles and bombs on external pods. More than 1,000 F-16s are in the Air Force inventory. Hide Caption 15 of 24 Photos: In the U.S. Air Force fleet AC-130 gunships – The AC-130H Spectre and the AC-130U Spooky gunships are designed for close air support, air interdiction and force protection. Armaments on the Spectre include 40mm and 105mm cannons. The Spooky adds a 25mm Gatling gun. Hide Caption 16 of 24 Photos: In the U.S. Air Force fleet C-17 Globemaster transport – The four-engine jet joined the Air Force fleet in 1993 with a primary mission of troop and cargo transport. Each plane can carry up to 102 troops or 170,900 pounds of cargo. The Air Force has 187 C-17s on active duty, 12 in the Air National Guard and 14 in the Reserve. Hide Caption 17 of 24 Photos: In the U.S. Air Force fleet C-5 Galaxy transport – The C-5, with a wingspan of 222 feet, a length of 247 feet and a height of 65 feet, is the largest plane in the Air Force inventory and one of the largest aircraft in the world. The first versions of the four-engine jet joined the force in 1970. The Air Force expects to have 52 versions of the latest model, the C-5M, in the fleet by 2017. Hide Caption 18 of 24 Photos: In the U.S. Air Force fleet CV-22 Osprey – The Osprey is a tiltrotor aircraft that combines vertical takeoff, hover and landing qualities of a helicopter with the normal flight characteristics of a turboprop aircraft, according to the Air Force. It is used to move troops in and out of operations as well as resupply units in the field. The Air Force has 33 Ospreys in inventory. Hide Caption 19 of 24 Photos: In the U.S. Air Force fleet E-3 Sentry AWACS – AWACS stands for airborne warning and control system. This four-engine jet, based on a Boeing 707 platform, monitors and manages battle space with its huge rotating radar dome. The planes have a flight crew of four supporting 13 to 19 specialists and controllers giving direction to units around the battle space. The Air Force has 32 E-3s in inventory. Hide Caption 20 of 24 Photos: In the U.S. Air Force fleet KC-10 Extender – Based on the DC-10 passenger jet, the triple-engine KC-10 is a gas station in the sky with the ability to carry 75 people and 170,000 pounds of cargo. In its six tanks, the KC-10 can carry up to 356,000 pounds of fuel and dispense it while airborne. The Air Force has 59 KC-10s on active duty. Hide Caption 21 of 24 Photos: In the U.S. Air Force fleet T-38 Talon – The twin-engine jet trainer, used by the Air Force to prepare pilots for the F-15E Strike Eagle, F-15C Eagle, F-16 Fighting Falcon, B-1B Lancer, A-10 Thunderbolt and F-22 Raptor, first flew in 1959. Almost 550 are in the active force. Hide Caption 22 of 24 Photos: In the U.S. Air Force fleet U-2 – The single-engine, single-pilot U-2 is used for high-altitude reconnaissance and surveillance. Flying at altitudes around 70,000 feet, pilots must wear pressure suits like those worn by astronauts. The first U-2 was flown in 1955. The planes were used on missions over the Soviet Union during the Cold War, flying too high to be reached by any adversary. The Air Force has 33 U-2s in its active inventory. Hide Caption 23 of 24 Photos: In the U.S. Air Force fleet WC-135 Constant Phoenix – The four-engine WC-135 is used to fly through airspace to detect the residue of nuclear blasts. "The aircraft is equipped with external flow-through devices to collect particulates on filter paper and a compressor system for whole air samples collected in holding spheres," the Air Force says. It has two of these jets in the active force. Hide Caption 24 of 24 Congressional aides predict the money is likely to be included in the defense authorization and appropriations bills, as the A-10 has been a stalwart among lawmakers and has played a key role in the ISIS fight. Though with the topline of the Pentagon's budget still a very uncertain, nothing is a sure bet. Paid Partner Content Ready to trade up? Find out how much your home is worth Trulia Want to be happy? Buy experiences, not things Mother Nature Network $55 & up: Greater Fort Lauderdale summer stays, save 30% Travelzoo Consumers rush to jaw-dropping savings rates Bankrate Getting ready to sell? Find out what your home is worth now Trulia 45 Congress Security The Nine Trumpmerica State © 2017 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved. CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network. Terms of service | Privacy guidelines
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out10:06 GMT +316 June 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm Fault Lines Photo Video Infographics Live Search Boeing Subsidiary Insitu Wins Award to Provide US Marines With Blackjack Drones © Photo: YouTube/Bridget Bosch Military & Intelligence 05:32 13.06.2017Get short URL 0 34933 The Department of Defense announced that the US Navy has awarded Boeing-owned Insitu drone manufacturer a more than $8-million contract to produce Blackjack drones for the Marine Corps. © Photo: YouTube/Bridget Bosch Pentagon Awards Contract to Supply Marine 'Blackjack' Drone PartsWASHINGTON (Sputnik) — The US Navy has awarded Boeing-owned Insitu drone manufacturer a more than $8-million contract to produce Blackjack drones for the Marine Corps, the Department of Defense announced in a press release. "Insitu Inc. is being awarded $8,029,090 to a previously awarded firm-fixed-price contract to exercise an option for the procurement of one full rate production Lot I RQ-21A Blackjack Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS) for the Marine Corps," the release stated on Monday. The Blackjack drone consists of five air vehicles, two ground control stations as well as launch and recovery equipment, according to the Defense Department. A single Blackjack is eight feet long with a wingspan of 16 feet and endurance up to 16 hours. The Blackjack can carry day/night full-motion video cameras, infrared markers, laser range finders and communications relay packages. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 33 Related: US Tech Firm to Develop Combined Arms Squads With Drones, Humans US Air Force Seeks $45 Million to Support Operation of NATO Spy Drone US Navy Requests $63.2M for Laser System to Cripple Enemy Drones, Vessels US Navy Requests $222 Million to Integrate MQ-25 Drone Into Carrier Operations Tags: drone, Boeing, United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All commentsShow more comments (20) Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 10:04Russia Gov't Approves Council of Europe Convention Against Financing Terrorism 09:42SCO Will Help India, Pakistan Collaborate On Mutual Issues Of Interest 09:25Police Establish Perpetrator of East China Kindergarten Blast 09:14Moscow Verifying Reports of Incident Between Russian Yacht, N Korean Ship 09:05Dassault Begins Process to Offset Largest Ever FDI in Indian DefenseAll news Not One More Step: Putin Outlines 'Red Lines' Which US & NATO Shouldn't Cross 20784 Equalizer: How a Russian 4th Gen Su-35S Will Be Able to Defeat 5th Gen F-22s 13753 Iran Sends Its Warships to the Gulf of Aden, Here's Why 10954 India's Kerosene-Based Semi-Cryogenic Engine to Be Flight Test Ready by 2021 9896 Mission Complete: What the US Really Had in Mind for Ukraine 8573All news US Senate Votes To Impose New Sanctions on Russia 56 Not One More Step: Putin Outlines 'Red Lines' Which US & NATO Shouldn't Cross 50 Equalizer: How a Russian 4th Gen Su-35S Will Be Able to Defeat 5th Gen F-22s 33 US Acknowledges That Its Military Superiority is 'No Longer a Given Fact' 26 Putin: Russia Ready to Grant Asylum to Comey if He is Persecuted in US 22All news Recommended News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Voyage Voyage! Welcome Aboard Russia's Knyaz Vladimir Cruise Liner Boomerang Effect 2017 FIFA Confederations Cup: Facts and Figures Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Anmelden   Registrieren? Fan werden finanzen.at ATX 3 134 -1,3%  Dow 21 360 -0,1%  Nasdaq 5 701 -0,5%  Euro 1,1156 0,1%  ATX P 1 581 -1,0%  EStoxx50 3 525 -0,6%  Nikkei 19 943 0,6%  CHF 1,0872 0,0%  DAX 12 692 -0,9%  FTSE100 7 419 -0,7%  Öl 47,1 0,7%  Gold 1 254 0,0%  News Analysen Experten Kolumnen ATX News Börse News & Analysen myfinanzen Broker-Vergleich Ressorts Aktien Anleihen Devisen ETF Fonds Rohstoffe Zertifikate Zinsen CFDs Quellen APA Aktiencheck Businesswire Dow Jones Newswires dpa-AFX Heute im Fokus Nachrichtenarchiv 13.06.2017 01:42:00 A A Teilen Drucken Avcorp Provides Fifth Bi-Weekly Default Status Report Tweet TSX Trading Symbol: "MTY"MONTREAL, Oct. 3, 2013 /CNW Telbec/ - MTY Food Group Inc. ("MTY" or the "Company") (TSX: MTY), franchisor and operator of multiple concepts of quick service restaurants,... /NOT FOR DISSEMINATION IN THE UNITED STATES OR TO UNITED STATES NEWSWIRE SERVICES/ VANCOUVER, June 12, 2017/CNW/ - Avcorp Industries Inc. (TSX: AVP) (the "Company", "Avcorp" or the "Avcorp Group") is providing this fifth bi-weekly default status report in accordance with National Policy 12-203 Cease Trade Orders for Continuous Disclosure Defaults ("NP 12-203"). In its initial default announcement of March 30, 2017 (the "Default Notice"), the Company announced that it will not be filing its annual audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2016, management's discussion and analysis, Annual Information Form and related certifications (collectively the "Required Documents") before the prescribed deadline of March 31, 2017. The Company provided bi-weekly default status reports on April 18, May 1, May 15 and May 29, 2017. Further to the foregoing, the Company will not be filing its interim financial statements for the period ended March 31, 2017, due to be filed May 15, 2017. As previously announced, pursuant to the MCTO, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer may not trade in securities of the Company until such time as the Company files its annual audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2016, management's discussion and analysis, Annual Information Form and related certifications (collectively the "Required Documents") and the Executive Director of the BCSC revokes the MCTO.  The MCTO does not affect the ability of shareholders to trade their securities. The Company's Board of Directors and management confirm that they are working expeditiously to file the Required Documents and confirm that since the Company's press release dated March 30, April 18, May 1, May 15 and May 29, 2017, there is no other material information respecting the Company's affairs that has not been generally disclosed. Until the Required Documents have been filed, the Company intends to continue to satisfy the provisions of the alternative information guidelines specified in NP 12-203 by issuing bi‑weekly default status reports in the form of further press releases for so long as the Company remains in default of the financial statement filing requirement.  About Avcorp The Avcorp Group designs and builds major airframe structures for some of the world's leading aircraft companies, including BAE Systems, Boeing, Bombardier, Lockheed Martin and Subaru Corporation (formerly Fuji Heavy Industries Inc.).  The Avcorp Group has more than 50 years of experience, over 800 skilled employees and 636,000 square feet of facilities. Avcorp Structures & Integration located in Delta British Columbia, Canada is dedicated to metallic and composite aerostructures assembly and integration; Avcorp Engineered Composites located in Burlington Ontario, Canada is dedicated to design and manufacture of composite aerostructures, and Avcorp Composite Fabrication located in Gardena California, USA has advanced composite aerostructures fabrication capabilities for composite aerostructures. The Avcorp Group offers integrated composite and metallic aircraft structures to aircraft manufacturers, a distinct advantage in the pursuit of contracts for new aircraft designs, which require lower-cost, light‑weight, strong, reliable structures.  Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., at our Burlington, Ontario, Canada location also provides aircraft operators with aircraft structural component repair services for commercial aircraft.  Avcorp Composite Fabrication Inc. is wholly owned by Avcorp US Holdings Inc.  Both companies are incorporated in The State of Delaware, USA, and are wholly owned subsidiaries of Avcorp Industries Inc. Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., incorporated in the Province of Ontario, Canada, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Avcorp Industries Inc. Avcorp Industries Inc. is a federally incorporated reporting company in Canada and traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX:AVP). (signed) PETER GEORGE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AVCORP GROUP Forward-Looking Statements This release should be read in conjunction with the Company's unaudited financial statements contained in the Company's Annual Report and with the quarterly financial statements and accompanying notes filed with Sedar (www.sedar.com). Certain statements in this release and other oral and written statements made by the Company from time to time are forward-looking statements, including those that discuss strategies, goals, outlook or other non-historical matters; or projected revenues, income, returns or other financial measures.  These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the statements, including the following:  (a) changes in worldwide economic and political conditions that impact interest and foreign exchange rates; (b) the occurrence of work stoppages and strikes at key facilities of the Corporation or the Corporation's customers or suppliers; (c) government funding and program approvals affecting products being developed or sold under government programs; (d) cost and delivery performance under various program and development contracts; (e) the adequacy of cost estimates for various customer care programs including servicing warranties; (f) the ability to control costs and successful implementation of various cost reduction programs; (g) the timing of certifications of new aircraft products; (h) the occurrence of downturns in customer markets to which the Corporation products are sold or supplied or where the Corporation offers financing; (i) changes in aircraft delivery schedules or cancellation of orders; (j) the Corporation's ability to offset, through cost reductions, raw material price increases and pricing pressure brought by original equipment manufacturer customers; (k) the availability and cost of insurance; (l) the Corporation's ability to maintain portfolio credit quality; (m) the Corporation's access to debt financing at competitive rates; (n) uncertainty in estimating contingent liabilities and establishing reserves tailored to address such contingencies; and (o) integration of newly acquired operations and associated expenses may adversely affect profitability. SOURCE Avcorp Industries Inc. Eintrag hinzufügen Eintrag bearbeiten Erfolgreich hinzugefügt!. Zu Portfolio/Watchlist wechseln. Es ist ein Fehler aufgetreten! Kein Portfolio vorhanden. Bitte zusätzlich den Namen des neuen Portfolios angeben. Keine Watchlisten vorhanden. Bitte zusätzlich den Namen der neuen Watchlist angeben. Portfolioname: Watchlistname: Portfolio: Name: Typ: ISIN: Börse: Anzahl: Aktueller Kurs: Kurszeit: Kaufpreis: Kaufdatum: Kaufwert: EUR   Hinzufügen Speichern   Newssuche   GO   NEWS VON Multi Asset Fonds im Praxistest Hypotheken-Darlehen: Österreichischer Immobilienmarkt auf dem Weg zur Preisblase Bitcoin auf Siegeszug Wann geht die Bombe hoch? "Noch Drohpotenziale vorhanden!" Aktien in diesem Artikel Avon Products Inc. 3,20 0,47% Barrick Gold Corp. 14,01 0,00% Franco-Nevada Corp 64,14 0,08% Genpact LtdShs 27,50 0,59% Hi-Crush Partners LP Partnership Interest 9,52 -2,85% Imperial Oil Ltd 25,91 0,03% Potash Corporation of Saskatchewan Inc. (PCS) 14,73 0,09% Rio Tinto PLCShs Sponsored American Deposit.Receipts Repr.4 Shs 35,53 0,96% Sprint 7,15 -0,31% Telkonet Inc. 0,16 -1,56% Börse aktuell - Live Ticker ATX kaum bewegt erwartet -- DAX vorbörslich mit kleinen Aufschlägen Nach dem Feiertag dürfte der ATX kaum bewegt in den Freitagshandel gehen. Nachrichten Nachrichten zu Aktien Alle Nachrichten Wie bewerten Sie diese Seite? schlecht sehr gut Aktien ATX DAX EuroStoxx 50 Dow Jones NASDAQ 100 EuroStoxx 50 Nikkei 225 S&P 500 Kontakt  -  Impressum - Werbung Sitemap - Datenschutz - Disclaimer - AGB Für die aufgeführten Inhalte kann keine Gewährleistung für die Vollständigkeit, Richtigkeit und Genauigkeit übernommen werden. Kursinformationen von SIX Financial Information Deutschland GmbH. Verzögerung 15 Min. (Nasdaq, NYSE: 20 Min.). © 1999-2017 finanzen.net GmbH
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Smart Weapons Market 2017 – Market Will Grow Steadily at a CAGR of More Than 5% by 2021 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 06/12/2017 — This industry research report identifies General Dynamics, Lockheed Martin, MBDA, Orbital ATK, and Raytheon as the key vendors in the global smart weapons market. This industry research report also presents a competitive analysis of the market by platform (aerial, naval, and ground based) and by geography (the Americas, APAC, and EMEA). Overview of the global smart weapons market Market research analysts at Technavio predict that the global smart weapons market will grow steadily at a CAGR of more than 5% by 2021. This market research analysis identifies the modernization of global warfare as one of the primary growth factors for this market. The nature of warfare has changed significantly due to the changing economies. The current warfare scenario demands the need for providing adequate support and advanced weaponry to the combatants in addition to controlling collateral damage. Browse Research PDF at: http://www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=S&repid=1142833 The increase in anti-extremist missions across the globe and the requirement of adequate defense systems drive the need for smart weapons since these systems provide options for targeting, offer upgraded weapon sights, and improve the impact level of bombs and precision artillery munitions, increasing the lethality of the attack. The market research report identifies the integration of smart weapons in bomber planes as one of the key trends behind the growth of the smart weapons market. A country with the ability to carry out a long-range strike operation gains military advantage over other countries. Bomber planes are used to drop heavy air-to-surface missiles or bombs on distant enemy targets. However, with the emerging tensions and the need to carry out long-range strike operations, the features of bomber planes requires a significant upgradation. The incorporation of advanced smart weapons will significantly improve the efficiency and combat abilities of bomber planes and also ensures the effectiveness of military operations. Technicians from Boeing and the US Air Force recently installed a prototype of new smart weapons bay launcher in a B-52 bomber plane. This new prototype enabled the bomber plane to internally carry satellite-guided joint direct attack munitions (JDAMs) and also allowed the plane to increase its carrying capacity and make space for eight additional cruise missiles. Competitive landscape and key vendors The market is highly-competitive and consists of few global and regional vendors competing to attain the maximum market share. The vendors compete based on factors such as cost, reliability, product quality, and aftermarket service and focus on providing cost-effective and high quality smart weapons to gain a competitive advantage. Vendors must innovate new technologies and launch new products to completely dominate the market and render their competitors products obsolete. The leading vendors in the market are – General Dynamics – Lockheed Martin – MBDA – Orbital ATK – Raytheon The other prominent vendors in the market are Boeing, L3 Technologies, Rheinmetall AG, Textron Systems, and Thales Group. Segmentation by platform and analysis of the smart weapons market – Aerial – Naval – Land-based Key questions answered in the report include – What will the market size and the growth rate be in 2021? – What are the key factors driving the global smart weapons market? – What are the key market trends impacting the growth of the global smart weapons market? – What are the challenges to market growth? – Who are the key vendors in the global smart weapons market? – What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the vendors in the global smart weapons market? – Trending factors influencing the market shares of the Americas, APAC, and EMEA. – What are the key outcomes of the five forces analysis of the global smart weapons market? About ResearchMoz ResearchMoz is the world’s fastest growing collection of market research reports worldwide. Our database is composed of current market studies from over 100 featured publishers worldwide. Our market research databases integrate statistics with analysis from global, regional, country and company perspectives. ResearchMoz’s service portfolio also includes value-added services such as market research customization, competitive landscaping, and in-depth surveys, delivered by a team of experienced Research Coordinators. Contact Us: Mr. Nachiket Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-621-2074 Tel: 866-997-4948 (Us-Canada Toll Free) Email: sales@researchmoz.us Follow us on LinkedIn at: http://bit.ly/1TBmnVG CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Fluorinated Lubricants Market to Record an Exponential CAGR by 2025 Next PostNext Global 3D Printing in Low-Cost Satellite Market 2017-2021 – Key Players Analysis and Forecast Report Search Recent Posts Car Amplifiers Market Size (Value), Growth, Share, Trends, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Concrete Mixers Market United States: Report Focused on Top Manufacturers, Developments & Growth By 2022 Double Edges Blade Market in Europe Report 2022: Present Scenario for Business Opportunities, Drivers and Trends Double Edges Blade Market in Europe Report 2022: Present Scenario for Business Opportunities, Drivers and Trends Waste Water SCADA Market : Emerging Market Trends, Size, Share and Growth Analysis RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Military Aerospace Simulation and Training Market 2017 – CAE, Boeing, Kratos, Textron, Thales, Lockheed Martin Chicago, IL — (SBWIRE) — 06/12/2017 — Market Research Report on Military Aerospace Simulation and Training Market 2017 is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Military Aerospace Simulation and Training worldwide. First of all, ” Global Military Aerospace Simulation and Training Market 2017 ” report provides a basic overview of the Military Aerospace Simulation and Training industry including definitions, classifications, applications and Military Aerospace Simulation and Training industry chain structure. Major Companies Covered in this report:- Boeing Lockheed Martin Northrop Grumman CAE Thales FlightSafety CSTS Dinamika Kratos L-3 Communications Rockwell Collins Textron BAE Systems Get Sample Copy Of Report @ http://marketreports.biz/report/2017-global-and-regional-military-aerospace-simulation-and-market#requestforsample The analysis is provided for the Military Aerospace Simulation and Training international market including development history, Military Aerospace Simulation and Training industry competitive landscape analysis. After that, Military Aerospace Simulation and Training industry development policies as well as plans are discussed and manufacturing processes as well as cost structures for Military Aerospace Simulation and Training market. This report „Worldwide Military Aerospace Simulation and Training Market 2017” also states import/export, supply and consumption figures and Military Aerospace Simulation and Training market cost, price, revenue and Military Aerospace Simulation and Training market’s gross margin by regions (United States, EU, China and Japan), as well as other regions can be added in Military Aerospace Simulation and Training Market area. Then, the report focuses on worldwide Military Aerospace Simulation and Training market key players with information such as company profiles with product picture as well as specification. Enquiry Here @ http://marketreports.biz/report/2017-global-and-regional-military-aerospace-simulation-and-market#inquiryforbuying Related information to Military Aerospace Simulation and Training market- capacity, production, price, cost, revenue and contact information. Aslo includes Military Aerospace Simulation and Training industry’s – Upstream raw materials, equipment and downstream consumers analysis is also carried out. What’s more, the Military Aerospace Simulation and Training market development trends and Military Aerospace Simulation and Training industry marketing channels are analyzed. Finally, „worldwide Military Aerospace Simulation and Training market” Analysis- feasibility of new investment projects is assessed, and overall research conclusions are offered. CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Latitude 33 Announces San Diego Planning Commission Approval of Friars Road Mixed-Use Project Next PostNext Screenplay Writer Ty Manns Film „A Question of Faith” to be Highlighted at Bishop TD Jakes International MegaFest Christian Conference & International Film Festival Search Recent Posts Car Amplifiers Market Size (Value), Growth, Share, Trends, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Concrete Mixers Market United States: Report Focused on Top Manufacturers, Developments & Growth By 2022 Double Edges Blade Market in Europe Report 2022: Present Scenario for Business Opportunities, Drivers and Trends Double Edges Blade Market in Europe Report 2022: Present Scenario for Business Opportunities, Drivers and Trends Waste Water SCADA Market : Emerging Market Trends, Size, Share and Growth Analysis RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Top States 2017 Trailblazers Trading the World CNBC Disruptor 50 Lasting Legacy Modern Medicine College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Cambridge Cyber Summit Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Tour Net/Net Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Mad Money with Jim Cramer Cramer states the bull case for staying in GE through its leadership shakeup General Electric announced on Monday that Jeff Immelt would step down as CEO. Shares of GE jumped $1 in early trading on news that insider John Flannery would succeed Immelt. "Mad Money" host Jim Cramer believes "the market has spoken." Elizabeth Gurdus | @elizabethgurdus Monday, 12 Jun 2017 | 6:21 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Bull case for staying in GE through the shakeup    Monday, 12 Jun 2017 | 6:18 PM ET | 02:35 When shares of General Electric jumped $1 after the company announced that CEO Jeff Immelt would step down and be replaced by insider John Flannery, Jim Cramer took it as a sign. "No matter what I have to say about this change, it really doesn't matter," the "Mad Money" host said. "The market has spoken." Cramer recalled what famed NFL head coach Bill Parcells, also known as The Big Tuna, used to say: "You are what your record says you are." In GE's case, Immelt's record showed he was unfit to remain at the helm, Cramer said. Since Immelt took the role of CEO in 2001, GE's stock has been one of the Dow Jones Average's worst-performing names, down 31 percent. Watch the full segment here: show chapters Cramer states the bull case for staying in GE through its leadership shakeup    Monday, 12 Jun 2017 | 1:00 PM ET | 05:47 Compared with Caterpillar's 314 percent rally, United Technologies' 256 percent advance, or even Apple's 11,670 percent skyrocket, GE shares clearly lagged, even among its competitors. "Much has been made of the fact that Immelt became CEO just a few days before 9/11, an unlucky break given all of the exposure that GE has to the aircraft business," Cramer said. But even the stock of Boeing, which is entirely exposed to the aircraft industry, rallied 289 percent since Immelt began his tenure. Cramer acknowledged that some may consider it unfair to judge Immelt after he inherited GE from its legendary former CEO Jack Welch, who boosted the company's value by 4,000 percent during his time there. "First, I could argue that Welch is mortal, and it's not like there was no way for anyone to overtake the man's record. Second, Immelt's had 16 years to try to get the stock back to $40, where it was before he took over on September 7, 2001," Cramer said. GE's stock closed at $28.94 a share on Monday, up over 3.5 percent. To be fair, the "Mad Money" host admitted that Welch's $14-billion-to-$410-billion feat left Immelt with massive shoes to fill. But that Apple CEO Tim Cook drove shares of Apple from $53 to $145 in six years after his iconic predecessor, Steve Jobs, passed away, which to Cramer meant that it can be done. There were many moments when Cramer found renewed hope for GE, especially when Nelson Peltz and his firm, Trian Partners, took a $2.5 billion position in the stock. Cramer said Peltz and Immelt had a reputably good working relationship, but Immelt was unable to deliver the $2 billion in cost cuts that Trian wanted, a potential catalyst for Trian to get involved in the CEO switch. Adding fuel to the fire, several Wall Street analysts turned against GE in the last year, making it difficult for investors to stay the course, particularly when the company's 3.3 percent dividend was questioned. All things considered, Cramer has a plan for investors when it comes to the stock of GE. "We have been telling people, as part of our ActionAlertsPlus.com club, that it's worth holding on to for any change, and now that we're getting one, it makes no sense to sell," Cramer said, referencing his charitable trust. "I think there will be some pain here, as Flannery probably has to guide down the Street's expectations, but there's plenty of value too and I'd hold on for that." And while Cramer believes that Immelt has personally always been "a good, solid, honest man who did his best," he defaulted to Parcells' age-old saying when it comes to Immelt's record. "The execution wasn't crisp enough and his luck was bad," the "Mad Money" host said. "As the stock's jump says today, it was time for a new CEO and time to hold on to GE to see what happens next." Questions for Cramer? Call Cramer: 1-800-743-CNBC Want to take a deep dive into Cramer's world? Hit him up! Mad Money Twitter - Jim Cramer Twitter - Facebook - Instagram - Vine Questions, comments, suggestions for the "Mad Money" website? madcap@cnbc.com Elizabeth GurdusDigital Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change BA --- UTX --- CAT --- .DJA --- GE --- Cramer's New Book To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Things to Read Mayoral Election 2017 Summer Art and Performance Resist Trump Green Guide Guide to Food And Drink (International Edition) Home Person of Interest Slog Savage Love Queer I, Anonymous Features News Weed Food&Drink Music Film/TV Art Theater Books Things to Do Pride Father's Day Capitol Hill Block Party Resistance & Solidarity Things To Do Home All Events Music Movie Times Film Festivals&Events Theater&Dance Comedy Art Readings&Talks Food&Drink Events Queer Weed Festivals Community&Civics Geek&Gaming Sports&Recreation Restaurants Bars&Clubs Log in Sign up Menu Close Things To Read Mayoral Election 2017 Summer Art and Performance Resist Trump Green Guide Guide to Food And Drink (International Edition) Home Person of Interest Slog Savage Love Queer I, Anonymous Features News Weed Food&Drink Music Film/TV Art Theater Books Print Archives Things To Do Pride Father's Day Capitol Hill Block Party Resistance & Solidarity Things To Do Home All Events Music Movie Times Film Festivals&Events Theater&Dance Comedy Art Readings&Talks Food&Drink Events Queer Weed Festivals Community&Civics Geek&Gaming Sports&Recreation Restaurants Bars&Clubs Other Things Stranger Tickets Stranger Perks Account Log in Sign up SLOG Economy Seattle Was a Better City for Blacks in the 1950s, During the Redlining Days by Charles Mudede • Jun 12, 2017 at 2:15 pm Tweet The twilight of the good times... My economist father once described the difference between the Soviet Union (the bear) and the US (the eagle) in the Cold War days, as this: the former locks its dissenters in and the latter locks them out. I thought of this as I read Gene Balk's excellent piece on the sad state of black homeownership in Seattle. In the bad old days of redlining, Seattle locked blacks in; today, it is locking them out. What connects the two is the absence of black freedom. You are forced into one or the other. And separates the two is, when locked in, blacks were financially better off than when locked out. You will not believe this, but in the 1950s, when Boeing was running things around here, the "median income for black households in Seattle was just 1 percent lower than the U.S. median for whites." Today, only 2 percent of tech jobs are held by blacks. In 1970, 50 percent "of King County households headed by a black person owned their home." Today, it is 28 percent. What's even more telling is in Fort Bend, Texas—a county in a red state, and which counts Houston as its biggest city—the black-homeownership rate is 71 percent. This makes nonsense of the progressive/conservative divide in politics for many working-class blacks, and may explain why many don't bother voting. It literally makes no difference. So, yes, for many blacks, the situation in our progressive "post-racial" city is only getting worse. To get this delivered to your inbox, subscribe to The Stranger's Daily Slog newsletter. Subscribe 12 You might also be interested in these: Sponsored: A Brief History of Seattle Pride Why You Should See The Realistic Joneses Even Though Nothing Matters and We're All Going to Die by Rich Smith Jeff Bezos Is Asking Twitter Users How He Should Spend His Money by Steven Hsieh Most Popular in Slog Savage Love Letter of the Day: Reader Advice Round-up by Dan Savage A Damning Side-by-Side Comparison of Bob Dylan's Nobel Speech and the SparkNotes for Moby Dick by Christopher Frizzelle Anti-Gay Bible Verse Carved Outside Gay Organizer's South Seattle Home by Chase Burns Guest Editorial: What Does Being Bold on Climate Look Like Locally? by Emily Johnston Why You Should See The Realistic Joneses Even Though Nothing Matters and We're All Going to Die by Rich Smith Jeff Bezos Is Asking Twitter Users How He Should Spend His Money by Steven Hsieh Tradition and Innovation at Madaraka 2017, Seattle's Celebration of African Music and Arts by Daudi Abe Newsletters Sign up for the latest news and to win free tickets to events Stranger Tickets Buy tickets to events around Seattle Stranger Things To Do Comprehensive calendar of Seattle events Stranger Things To Do App The easiest way to find Seattle's best events This Week's Issue Print Archives Publication Info Masthead Ad Info & Rates Distribution Jobs at The Stranger Contact Check it out Follow Us RSS Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram All contents © Index Newspapers LLC 1535 11th Ave (Third Floor), Seattle, WA 98122 Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Takedown Policy All contents © Index Newspapers LLC 1535 11th Ave (Third Floor), Seattle, WA 98122 Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Takedown Policy
<iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KX9ZXT" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe> Putin believes Trump’s victory proves that US voters are longing for change Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 16, 8:30 Putin’s Q&A session: a 'nationwide book of complaints' Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 16, 8:07 Trump puzzled by media hype over his ‘non-dealings’ with Russia World June 16, 7:48 Construction of first nuclear power plant in Turkey to begin in 2018 Business & Economy June 16, 6:28 St Isaac’s Cathedral museum in St Petersburg gets new director Society & Culture June 16, 2:34 Direct Line with the president: Putin answers questions on Russia's foreign policy Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 15, 21:01 Russian Central Bank plans to hold meeting on monetary policy Business & Economy June 15, 19:54 US Congress introduces new sanctions against Russia World June 15, 19:19 Putin comments on plans to build bridge to Sakhalin Island Business & Economy June 15, 18:48 {{element.title}} {{element.heading}} {{element.date}} Back to Main page Back to Main page Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Tags Media Press Releases Infographics Select the city Moscow St.-Petersburg Novosibirsk Ekaterinburg Nizhny Novgorod Samara Kazan Omsk Chelyabinsk Rostov-on-Don Ufa Volgograd Perm Krasnoyarsk Voronezh Currency converter USD EUR GBP CHF JPY CNY Back to Currency converter Exchange rate USD → RUR Сurrency Converter History course Please enter an amount Amount: From: ↔ To: Exchange rate on: 16.06.2017 15.06.2017 14.06.2017 13.06.2017 12.06.2017 11.06.2017 10.06.2017 ^ News Feed Sections Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review More Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review All news News Feed News Search Topics All Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review ОК Use filter You can filter your feed, by choosing only interesting sections. Go to Search More news Russia continues to investigate MH17 crash despite Dutch Safety Board report Russian Politics & Diplomacy October 14, 2015, 15:39 UTC+3 MOSCOW The Dutch Safety Board presented on October 13 the final report on the results of the investigation of the crash of Flight MH17 Share 1 pages in this article © TASS/Mikhail Japaridze Read also Russia strongly disagrees with Dutch probe into MH17 crash — aviation agency MOSCOW, October 14. /TASS/. Russia continues the investigation into the Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 crash over Ukraine despite the publication of the report on the catastrophe by the Dutch Safety Board, deputy chief of Russia’s Federal Air Transport Agency (Rosaviatsiya) Oleg Storchevoi told reporters on Wednesday. "Despite the publication of the final report we continue the probe," he said. The Dutch Safety Board presented on October 13 the final report on the results of the investigation of the crash of MH17 on July 17, 2014. The commission found that the airliner was downed from the Buk antiaircraft missile defence system, and that the missile could have been launched from an area of 320 square kilometres in the east of Ukraine. According to the report authors, MH17 was hit by the 9H314M warhead used on a 9M38 missile. The document says that Ukraine did not close its airspace over the zone of hostilities, although it should have. Read also Ukraine's Donetsk republic slams Dutch experts’ conclusions on MH17 crash Russia asks ICAO to interfere with MH17 crash probe — aviation agency Moscow says Dutch PM’s call to cooperate on MH17 crash investigation ‘strange’ MH17 investigation suggests attempts to conceal Boeing crash cause — lawmaker MH17 hit by missile Ukraine launched from militia-controlled region — Dutch Safety Board On the same day, Russia’s antiaircraft defence system manufacturer Almaz-Antey presented its own version of the catastrophe backed by real-life experiments. The Almaz-Antey experts also confirmed the version that the fatal missile had been launched from the Zaroshchenskoye community controlled by the Ukrainian military and rejected the international commission’s version of the missile’s launch from Snezhnoye, a town that had been under militia’s control at that time. According to the Dutch Safety Board report the airliner was hit by a missile with the 9H314M warhead. However, Almaz-Antey proved earlier on Tuesday that the Boeing was shot down by an older missile modification with different striking elements, namely 9M38. The production of these missiles had been stopped in 1986. All missiles of this type were withdrawn from service in Russia’s armed forces in 2011. The Malaysia Airlines Boeing-777 Flight MH17 passenger airliner en route from the Dutch city of Amsterdam to the Malaysian capital of Kuala Lumpur crashed in the area of hostilities between local militias and Ukrainian governmental troops in east Ukraine’s Donetsk region in July last year. All 298 people aboard the airliner were killed in the air crash. Most of the air crash’s victims were Dutch nationals. Versions were put forward that the airliner could have been hit by a surface-to-air or an air-to-air missile. The Ukrainian authorities and the militia of the self-proclaimed Donetsk People’s Republic (DPR) accused each other of the airliner crash. The UN Security Council resolved on July 21 to hold a comprehensive and independent probe. Russia’s representatives have said on many occasions they are dissatisfied with how the investigation is being carried out and that the data presented by the Russian side are ignored. {{item.group_date}} {{item.suffix?", "+item.suffix:""}} Show more Share Top News June 16, 8:30 Putin believes Trump’s victory proves that US voters are longing for change June 16, 8:30 June 16, 7:48 Trump puzzled by media hype over his ‘non-dealings’ with Russia June 16, 7:48 June 16, 8:07 Putin’s Q&A session: a 'nationwide book of complaints' June 16, 8:07 June 15, 18:27 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry June 15, 18:27 In other media Реклама Photo 10 Russia's top diplomat Sergey Lavrov celebrates his birthday 3 Four Russians killed in Istanbul helicopter crash — Foreign Ministry 3 MP warns US deployment of THAAD system in South Korea jeopardizes Russia’s security Infographics Russia's gas pipelines to Europe by 2018 Russia’s state defense order in 2015 Chinese Lunar Exploration Program Russia’s Angara A5 heavy-load space carrier rocket Most read Now Today This week 1 Russian missile carriers fly over Baltic Sea with NATO fighter aircraft 2 US eventually congratulates Russia on national day 3 Construction of first nuclear power plant in Turkey to begin in 2018 4 Putin believes Trump’s victory proves that US voters are longing for change 5 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 6 Russian Foreign Minsitry comments on India-Pakistan disoute over Kashmir 7 Germany’s football squad arrives in Sochi for 2017 FIFA Confederations Cup 1 Putin ready to provide political asylum to former FBI director 2 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 3 Russian missile carriers fly over Baltic Sea with NATO fighter aircraft 4 Austria, Germany castigate US plans to impose new sanctions on Russia 5 Putin not surprised at US Senate's crusade to tighten sanctions against Russia 6 World's most influential journals for 2017 unveiled in the Journal Citation Reports 7 Putin's annual Q&A session 1 Putin ready to provide political asylum to former FBI director 2 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 3 Russia’s modernized strategic bombers to get protection from all types of missiles 4 Russia tests cruise missile defense systems 5 Putin notes Washington planned to use terrorists to destabilize Russia 6 Austria, Germany castigate US plans to impose new sanctions on Russia 7 US-led coalition colluding with IS instead of fighting terrorism — Defense Ministry TOP STORIES CONFLICT IN SYRIA RUSSIA'S DEFENSE INDUSTRY OIL& GAS INDUSTRY SPACE PROGRAMS Реклама News Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Sections Tags Media Press Releases Infographics About us TASS TODAY AGENCY NEWS TASS HISTORY MANAGEMENT CONTACTS Services TASS-PHOTO TASS-ONLINE TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age. © 2017 TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age.
Breaking News 45 Congress Security The Nine Trumpmerica State Air Force needs new wings for 110 A-10 Warthogs By Jeremy Herb and Zachary Cohen, CNN Updated 3:18 AM ET, Tue June 13, 2017 Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds. JUST WATCHED Remembering the father of the A-10 Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Remembering the father of the A-10 01:35 Story highlights Air Force officials have vowed that there were no plans to retire the entire A-10 fleet The Air Force has paid for new wings for 173 aircraft, but doesn't have funding for another 110 Washington (CNN)The US Air Force is telling Congress to put its money where its mouth is when it comes to upgrading the venerable A-10 Warthog fleet. As the service rolled out its budget this year, Air Force officials vowed there were no plans to retire the entire A-10 fleet -- despite previous attempts -- but that doesn't mean all of the planes in the fleet are safe. The Air Force has warned Congress that more than a third of the 283 A-10 attack aircraft fleet may have to be permanently grounded unless Congress increases the Air Force's budget to restart the production line that makes new wings for the planes. The Air Force has paid for new wings needed to extend the life of 173 A-10 aircraft, but does not have the funding for the other 110 in the fleet, and about 40 would have to be grounded by 2021 unless additional funds are allocated, according to Air Force spokeswoman Ann Stefanek. The Air Force didn't include money for the extra wings in its latest budget request. But it did drop in a $103 million request on its so-called "wish list" for A-10 wings. Read More The wish lists, known officially as unfunded requirements, are provided to Congress to request money for programs that didn't get funded in the military's budget request. The military has a wish list for Congress -- and it's more than $31 billion long Boeing, which made the new wings for the A-10, has since shut down their plant line. The Air Force's $103 million request, along with $20 million provided in the current fiscal year, would pay for opening a new line and the production of four new wings, an Air Force official told CNN. Defense budget experts say the move to include the plane's wings on its unfunded requirements list resembles a tactic often employed by the military to push Congress to add in funding for politically popular programs, giving the services more room to maneuver within the budget request. "It's a classic budgetary tactic to not include funding for something you know Congress is going to make you fund," said Todd Harrison, a defense analyst at the Center for Strategic and International Studies. "It effectively puts the onus on Congress to find an offset rather than the Air Force. The Air Force is hoping that Congress will pay for this by giving the Air Force additional funds and cutting something elsewhere in the budget, but there is no guarantee of that. If it was truly a high priority, it would have made it into the regular budget request," Harrison said. Air Force gives new life to the A-10 Warthog For years, the Navy included F/A-18 fighter jets on its unfunded requirements list but not the budget, which Congress then added into the final appropriations bill. The issue of the A-10 wing funding came to a head last week during congressional testimony. Lt. Gen. Arnold Bunch, an Air Force acquisition official, testified to Congress that the Air Force was committed to maintaining six of its nine A-10 squadrons flying through 2030. "Additional A-10 force structure is contingent on future budget levels and force structure requirements," Bunch wrote in his written testimony. Rep. Martha McSally, a former A-10 pilot who has been one of the most vocal defenders of the aircraft in Congress, pressed the Air Force to explain why it was considering dropping to just six squadrons. "It's the first time you've publicly said that you're going to go down to six squadrons," McSally said. "I'd really like to know what those planning assumptions are of the six squadrons." Her questions, however, were only submitted for the record, since the hearing was ended due to House votes. Lawmakers have wrestled with how to replace the A-10 for years -- a tall task due to the aircraft's continued effectiveness despite making its first flight in 1975. The Air Force had originally planned for its version of the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter to replace the A-10. But unlike the multi-role F-35, the A-10 is the only airplane in the Air Force specifically designed for close-air support, a function that has become urgent in the fight against ISIS, according to Air Force officials. The A-10 is able to target enemy forces up close without risking friendly fire casualties because the pilots are flying slow enough to visually distinguish between enemy and friendly forces. Last year, then-Secretary of Defense Ash Carter said there were plans to defer the A-10's retirement until 2022, at which point it would be replaced by the F-35. Air Force looking to replace A-10 Warthog But while the first wave of F-35s are currently being deployed for combat, the program's history of delays and cost overruns has caused the Pentagon to consider extending the operational life of the A-10 to meet the demands of the counter-ISIS mission. Air Force officials are also downplaying the idea that the retirement of several A-10 squadrons is imminent pointing out that the service is still evaluating options for funding additional wings. Photos: In the U.S. Air Force fleet B-52 Stratofortress – The first versions of this long-range heavy bomber flew in 1954. A total of 744 were built, the last of those in 1962. The Air Force maintains 58 B-52s in the active force and 18 in the Reserve. A single B-52 can carry 70,000 pounds of mixed munitions, including bombs, missiles and mines. The eight-engine jets have a range of 8,800 miles. Hide Caption 1 of 24 Photos: In the U.S. Air Force fleet The single-engine F-35A is the Air Force's eventual replacement for the F-16 and the A-10. The supersonic jets, which will be able to conduct air-to-air and air-to-ground attacks, are just beginning to enter the Air Force fleet. Here, an F-35 Lightning II from the 34th Fighter Squadron at Hill Air Force Base, Utah, flys at Royal Air Force Lakenheath, England, April 15, 2017. Hide Caption 2 of 24 Photos: In the U.S. Air Force fleet F-22 Raptor – The twin-engine F-22 stealth fighter, flown by a single pilot and armed with a 20mm cannon, heat-seeking missiles, radar-guided missiles and radar-guided bombs, can perform both air-to-air and air-to-ground missions. The service has 183 of the Raptors, which went operational in 2005. Hide Caption 3 of 24 Photos: In the U.S. Air Force fleet B-2 Spirit bomber – The four-engine B-2 heavy bomber has stealth properties that make it hard to detect on radar. Flown by a crew of two, it has an unrefueled range of 6,000 miles and can deliver both conventional and nuclear bombs. Twenty B-2s are in the active inventory. They joined the fleet in 1997. Hide Caption 4 of 24 Photos: In the U.S. Air Force fleet B-1B Lancer bomber – The four-engine jet can fly at 900 mph and carry the largest payload of bombs and missiles in the Air Force inventory. The Air Force has 62 B-1Bs in the fleet. Hide Caption 5 of 24 Photos: In the U.S. Air Force fleet F-15 Eagle – The F-15 Eagle, the Air Force's main air superiority fighter, became operational in 1975. With a crew of one or two, depending on the model, the twin-engine jets are armed with a 20mm cannon along with Sidewinder or AMRAAM missiles. The Air Force lists 249 F-15 Eagles in its inventory. Hide Caption 6 of 24 Photos: In the U.S. Air Force fleet F-15E Strike Eagle – The Strike Eagle is a version of the air superiority fighter adapted to perform ground-strike missions. With a crew of two, the twin-jet can carry and deploy most weapons in the Air Force inventory and operate in any weather. The F-15E was first delivered in 1988. The Air Force lists 219 in its fleet. Hide Caption 7 of 24 Photos: In the U.S. Air Force fleet A-10 Thunderbolt – The A-10 Thunderbolt jets, nicknamed "Warthogs," are specially designed for close air support of ground forces. Key to their armaments is a 30mm Gatling gun. The pilot is protected from ground fire by titanium armor, and the plane's fuel cells are self-sealing in case of puncture. Hide Caption 8 of 24 Photos: In the U.S. Air Force fleet RC-135U – The RC-135U Combat Sent, based at Offutt Air Force Base, Nebraska, provides strategic electronic reconnaissance information to the president, secretary of defense, Department of Defense leaders and theater commanders. Hide Caption 9 of 24 Photos: In the U.S. Air Force fleet An F-15 Eagle takes off from the Andersen Air Force Base, Guam, flight line as two E-3 Sentries are seen in the background. Hide Caption 10 of 24 Photos: In the U.S. Air Force fleet C-130 Hercules transport – A C-130J Super Hercules from the 37th Airlift Squadron flies over Normandy, France, June 3, 2015. First delivered to the Air Force in 1956, the C-130 remains one of the service's most important airlift platforms. More than 140 are still in active units, with more than 180 in the National Guard and a hundred more in the Reserve. The C-130 is powered by four turboprop engines. Hide Caption 11 of 24 Photos: In the U.S. Air Force fleet OV-10 Bronco – A 21st Tactical Air Support Squadron OV-10 Bronco aircraft fires white phosphorus rockets to mark a target for an air strike during tactical air control training. Hide Caption 12 of 24 Photos: In the U.S. Air Force fleet A-29 Super Tucano – An A-29 Super Tucano taxis on the flightline during its first arrival, Sept. 26, 2014, at Moody Air Force Base, Georgia. Afghan Air Force pilots trained on the planes that will be used in air-to-ground attack missions in Afghanistan. Hide Caption 13 of 24 Photos: In the U.S. Air Force fleet KC-135 Stratotanker – The four-engine KC-135 joined the Air Force fleet in 1956 as both a tanker and cargo jet. It can carry up to 200,000 pounds of fuel and 83,000 pounds of cargo and passengers in a deck above the refueling system. More than 400 of the KC-135s are flown by active, Air Guard and Reserve units. Hide Caption 14 of 24 Photos: In the U.S. Air Force fleet F-16 Fighting Falcon – The single-engine jet is a mainstay of the Air Force combat fleet. It can perform both air-to-air and air-to-ground missions with its 20mm cannon and ability to carry missiles and bombs on external pods. More than 1,000 F-16s are in the Air Force inventory. Hide Caption 15 of 24 Photos: In the U.S. Air Force fleet AC-130 gunships – The AC-130H Spectre and the AC-130U Spooky gunships are designed for close air support, air interdiction and force protection. Armaments on the Spectre include 40mm and 105mm cannons. The Spooky adds a 25mm Gatling gun. Hide Caption 16 of 24 Photos: In the U.S. Air Force fleet C-17 Globemaster transport – The four-engine jet joined the Air Force fleet in 1993 with a primary mission of troop and cargo transport. Each plane can carry up to 102 troops or 170,900 pounds of cargo. The Air Force has 187 C-17s on active duty, 12 in the Air National Guard and 14 in the Reserve. Hide Caption 17 of 24 Photos: In the U.S. Air Force fleet C-5 Galaxy transport – The C-5, with a wingspan of 222 feet, a length of 247 feet and a height of 65 feet, is the largest plane in the Air Force inventory and one of the largest aircraft in the world. The first versions of the four-engine jet joined the force in 1970. The Air Force expects to have 52 versions of the latest model, the C-5M, in the fleet by 2017. Hide Caption 18 of 24 Photos: In the U.S. Air Force fleet CV-22 Osprey – The Osprey is a tiltrotor aircraft that combines vertical takeoff, hover and landing qualities of a helicopter with the normal flight characteristics of a turboprop aircraft, according to the Air Force. It is used to move troops in and out of operations as well as resupply units in the field. The Air Force has 33 Ospreys in inventory. Hide Caption 19 of 24 Photos: In the U.S. Air Force fleet E-3 Sentry AWACS – AWACS stands for airborne warning and control system. This four-engine jet, based on a Boeing 707 platform, monitors and manages battle space with its huge rotating radar dome. The planes have a flight crew of four supporting 13 to 19 specialists and controllers giving direction to units around the battle space. The Air Force has 32 E-3s in inventory. Hide Caption 20 of 24 Photos: In the U.S. Air Force fleet KC-10 Extender – Based on the DC-10 passenger jet, the triple-engine KC-10 is a gas station in the sky with the ability to carry 75 people and 170,000 pounds of cargo. In its six tanks, the KC-10 can carry up to 356,000 pounds of fuel and dispense it while airborne. The Air Force has 59 KC-10s on active duty. Hide Caption 21 of 24 Photos: In the U.S. Air Force fleet T-38 Talon – The twin-engine jet trainer, used by the Air Force to prepare pilots for the F-15E Strike Eagle, F-15C Eagle, F-16 Fighting Falcon, B-1B Lancer, A-10 Thunderbolt and F-22 Raptor, first flew in 1959. Almost 550 are in the active force. Hide Caption 22 of 24 Photos: In the U.S. Air Force fleet U-2 – The single-engine, single-pilot U-2 is used for high-altitude reconnaissance and surveillance. Flying at altitudes around 70,000 feet, pilots must wear pressure suits like those worn by astronauts. The first U-2 was flown in 1955. The planes were used on missions over the Soviet Union during the Cold War, flying too high to be reached by any adversary. The Air Force has 33 U-2s in its active inventory. Hide Caption 23 of 24 Photos: In the U.S. Air Force fleet WC-135 Constant Phoenix – The four-engine WC-135 is used to fly through airspace to detect the residue of nuclear blasts. "The aircraft is equipped with external flow-through devices to collect particulates on filter paper and a compressor system for whole air samples collected in holding spheres," the Air Force says. It has two of these jets in the active force. Hide Caption 24 of 24 Congressional aides predict the money is likely to be included in the defense authorization and appropriations bills, as the A-10 has been a stalwart among lawmakers and has played a key role in the ISIS fight. Though with the topline of the Pentagon's budget still a very uncertain, nothing is a sure bet. Paid Partner Content Ready to trade up? Find out how much your home is worth Trulia Want to be happy? Buy experiences, not things Mother Nature Network $55 & up: Greater Fort Lauderdale summer stays, save 30% Travelzoo Consumers rush to jaw-dropping savings rates Bankrate Getting ready to sell? Find out what your home is worth now Trulia 45 Congress Security The Nine Trumpmerica State © 2017 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved. CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network. Terms of service | Privacy guidelines
<iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KX9ZXT" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe> Putin believes Trump’s victory proves that US voters are longing for change Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 16, 8:30 Putin’s Q&A session: a 'nationwide book of complaints' Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 16, 8:07 Trump puzzled by media hype over his ‘non-dealings’ with Russia World June 16, 7:48 Construction of first nuclear power plant in Turkey to begin in 2018 Business & Economy June 16, 6:28 St Isaac’s Cathedral museum in St Petersburg gets new director Society & Culture June 16, 2:34 Direct Line with the president: Putin answers questions on Russia's foreign policy Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 15, 21:01 Russian Central Bank plans to hold meeting on monetary policy Business & Economy June 15, 19:54 US Congress introduces new sanctions against Russia World June 15, 19:19 Putin comments on plans to build bridge to Sakhalin Island Business & Economy June 15, 18:48 {{element.title}} {{element.heading}} {{element.date}} Back to Main page Back to Main page Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Tags Media Press Releases Infographics Select the city Moscow St.-Petersburg Novosibirsk Ekaterinburg Nizhny Novgorod Samara Kazan Omsk Chelyabinsk Rostov-on-Don Ufa Volgograd Perm Krasnoyarsk Voronezh Currency converter USD EUR GBP CHF JPY CNY Back to Currency converter Exchange rate USD → RUR Сurrency Converter History course Please enter an amount Amount: From: ↔ To: Exchange rate on: 16.06.2017 15.06.2017 14.06.2017 13.06.2017 12.06.2017 11.06.2017 10.06.2017 ^ News Feed Sections Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review More Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review All news News Feed News Search Topics All Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review ОК Use filter You can filter your feed, by choosing only interesting sections. Go to Search More news Lavrov refuses to comment on initiatives of five countries regarding Boeing crash Russian Politics & Diplomacy October 12, 2015, 15:27 UTC+3 "We have presented many times our opinion about all the weird aspects of that work, which the five countries have organized," Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov says Share 1 pages in this article Russia’s Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov at the meeting with OSCE’s Secretary General Lamberto Zannier © TASS/Alexandr Sherbak Read also Moscow regrets some facts submitted by Russia when investigating MH17 crash not considered MOSCOW, October 12. /TASS/. The investigation conducted by five countries (the Netherlands, Malaysia, Belgium, Australia and Ukraine) into the tragedy with Boeing contains so many weird aspects that there is no sense in commenting on their new initiatives, Russia’s Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said on Monday after his talks with OSCE’s Secretary General Lamberto Zannier. "We have presented many times our opinion about all the weird aspects of that work, which the five countries have organized," he said. "In the very beginning Malaysia — the plane’s owner — was not invited for six months, they worked without it. ICAO (International Civil Aviation Organization) was not invited to the leading role, like it is done always. The aircraft debris and bodies were not evacuated, then some were evacuated and some remained there; no answers were given to Russia; they refused to talk to Almaz-Antei representatives, though the investigators say the plane was downed by a missile the company produces; then they remember about the UN Security Council as they wanted to establish a tribunal. I would not even name many and many weird aspects." Read also Dutch media escalate anti-Russian propaganda ahead of MH17 report — expert Russia Air Transport Agency not to comment on MH17 crash probe before Dutch report Russia having doubts about Dutch experts investigating MH 17 tragedy Russia denied participation in investigation of MH17 crash — foreign ministry Russia "is the only country, which offered data from its satellites," he said. "The US, having this data, would not give them; the Ukrainians would not present recordings of dispatchers. All these things have been in numerous interviews, and still some noise about it does continue." "Several days earlier they say about the missile’s debris — not parts of the warhead, but the missile itself — in the bodies. How come they are publishing it only now:" "You know what, speaking about trials and judges, about the investigative group — God will judge that group." {{item.group_date}} {{item.suffix?", "+item.suffix:""}} Show more Share Topics Boeing 777 crash in Ukraine Persons Sergey Lavrov Top News June 16, 8:30 Putin believes Trump’s victory proves that US voters are longing for change June 16, 8:30 June 16, 7:48 Trump puzzled by media hype over his ‘non-dealings’ with Russia June 16, 7:48 June 16, 8:07 Putin’s Q&A session: a 'nationwide book of complaints' June 16, 8:07 June 15, 18:27 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry June 15, 18:27 In other media Реклама Photo 10 Russia's top diplomat Sergey Lavrov celebrates his birthday 3 Four Russians killed in Istanbul helicopter crash — Foreign Ministry 3 MP warns US deployment of THAAD system in South Korea jeopardizes Russia’s security Infographics Russia's gas pipelines to Europe by 2018 Russia’s state defense order in 2015 Chinese Lunar Exploration Program Russia’s Angara A5 heavy-load space carrier rocket Most read Now Today This week 1 Russian missile carriers fly over Baltic Sea with NATO fighter aircraft 2 US eventually congratulates Russia on national day 3 Construction of first nuclear power plant in Turkey to begin in 2018 4 Putin believes Trump’s victory proves that US voters are longing for change 5 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 6 Russian Foreign Minsitry comments on India-Pakistan disoute over Kashmir 7 Germany’s football squad arrives in Sochi for 2017 FIFA Confederations Cup 1 Putin ready to provide political asylum to former FBI director 2 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 3 Russian missile carriers fly over Baltic Sea with NATO fighter aircraft 4 Austria, Germany castigate US plans to impose new sanctions on Russia 5 Putin not surprised at US Senate's crusade to tighten sanctions against Russia 6 World's most influential journals for 2017 unveiled in the Journal Citation Reports 7 Putin's annual Q&A session 1 Putin ready to provide political asylum to former FBI director 2 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 3 Russia’s modernized strategic bombers to get protection from all types of missiles 4 Russia tests cruise missile defense systems 5 Putin notes Washington planned to use terrorists to destabilize Russia 6 Austria, Germany castigate US plans to impose new sanctions on Russia 7 US-led coalition colluding with IS instead of fighting terrorism — Defense Ministry TOP STORIES CONFLICT IN SYRIA RUSSIA'S DEFENSE INDUSTRY OIL& GAS INDUSTRY SPACE PROGRAMS Реклама News Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Sections Tags Media Press Releases Infographics About us TASS TODAY AGENCY NEWS TASS HISTORY MANAGEMENT CONTACTS Services TASS-PHOTO TASS-ONLINE TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age. © 2017 TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age.
<iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KX9ZXT" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe> Putin believes Trump’s victory proves that US voters are longing for change Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 16, 8:30 Putin’s Q&A session: a 'nationwide book of complaints' Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 16, 8:07 Trump puzzled by media hype over his ‘non-dealings’ with Russia World June 16, 7:48 Construction of first nuclear power plant in Turkey to begin in 2018 Business & Economy June 16, 6:28 St Isaac’s Cathedral museum in St Petersburg gets new director Society & Culture June 16, 2:34 Direct Line with the president: Putin answers questions on Russia's foreign policy Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 15, 21:01 Russian Central Bank plans to hold meeting on monetary policy Business & Economy June 15, 19:54 US Congress introduces new sanctions against Russia World June 15, 19:19 Putin comments on plans to build bridge to Sakhalin Island Business & Economy June 15, 18:48 {{element.title}} {{element.heading}} {{element.date}} Back to Main page Back to Main page Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Tags Media Press Releases Infographics Select the city Moscow St.-Petersburg Novosibirsk Ekaterinburg Nizhny Novgorod Samara Kazan Omsk Chelyabinsk Rostov-on-Don Ufa Volgograd Perm Krasnoyarsk Voronezh Currency converter USD EUR GBP CHF JPY CNY Back to Currency converter Exchange rate USD → RUR Сurrency Converter History course Please enter an amount Amount: From: ↔ To: Exchange rate on: 16.06.2017 15.06.2017 14.06.2017 13.06.2017 12.06.2017 11.06.2017 10.06.2017 ^ News Feed Sections Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review More Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review All news News Feed News Search Topics All Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review ОК Use filter You can filter your feed, by choosing only interesting sections. Go to Search More news Russia denied participation in investigation of MH17 crash — foreign ministry World September 03, 2015, 17:11 UTC+3 MOSCOW Russian Foreign Ministry spokesperson Maria Zakharova also stressed that establishing an international tribunal on MH17 crash is "premature and counter-productive" Share 1 pages in this article Russian Foreign Ministry © ITAR-TASS/Gennadiy Khamelyanin Read also Final report on MH17 crash probe to be published Oct 13 Russia says US replacing MH17 inquiry with anti-Russian propaganda No damage agents found on MH17 crash site in east Ukraine— DPR prosecutors No Buk missile fragments found at MH17 crash site in Ukraine — DPR envoy ICAO’s non-participation in MH17 crash investigation raises questions in Moscow MOSCOW, September 3. /TASS/. Moscow regrets that Russia was denied a significant part in the investigation of MH17 crash in Ukraine last year, Russian Foreign Ministry’s official spokesperson Maria Zakharova said on Thursday. "We are interested in comprehensive and objective international investigation of Malaysian Boeing crash," the diplomat said. "However, Russia has several serious issues on this matter. Among them are weak, very weak, evidence and denying Russia participation in the investigation." "I mean that Russian specialists are denied equal and full access to materials that are accessible to the international group on technical investigation and international investigative group," Zakahrova noted. She also stressed that establishing an international tribunal on MH17 crash is "premature and counter-productive." "Existing examples of international tribunals confirm that their activities are ineffective, costly and extremely politicized," she said. MH17 crash in east Ukraine On 17 July 2014, a Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777 passenger airliner on flight MH17 from the Dutch city of Amsterdam to the Malaysian capital of Kuala Lumpur crashed in the Donetsk Region in eastern Ukraine, killing all 298 people on board. Most passengers - 193 people - were Dutch nationals. The suspected cause of the crash is that the plane was hit by a surface-to-air missile. The Dutch Safety Board is conducting the investigation. {{item.group_date}} {{item.suffix?", "+item.suffix:""}} Show more Share Topics Foreign policy Boeing 777 crash in Ukraine Top News June 16, 8:30 Putin believes Trump’s victory proves that US voters are longing for change June 16, 8:30 June 16, 7:48 Trump puzzled by media hype over his ‘non-dealings’ with Russia June 16, 7:48 June 16, 8:07 Putin’s Q&A session: a 'nationwide book of complaints' June 16, 8:07 June 15, 18:27 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry June 15, 18:27 In other media Реклама Photo 7 Seven killed in attack on Iranian parliament — media 11 Kabul terror attack aftermath 10 China's Dragon Boat festival in pictures Infographics Russia's gas pipelines to Europe by 2018 The US and Ukraine voted against the UN resolution condemning the glorification of Nazism Opium production in Afghanistan over 20 years The Eurasian Economic Union starts its work Most read Now Today This week 1 Russian missile carriers fly over Baltic Sea with NATO fighter aircraft 2 US eventually congratulates Russia on national day 3 Construction of first nuclear power plant in Turkey to begin in 2018 4 Putin believes Trump’s victory proves that US voters are longing for change 5 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 6 Russian Foreign Minsitry comments on India-Pakistan disoute over Kashmir 7 Germany’s football squad arrives in Sochi for 2017 FIFA Confederations Cup 1 Putin ready to provide political asylum to former FBI director 2 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 3 Russian missile carriers fly over Baltic Sea with NATO fighter aircraft 4 Austria, Germany castigate US plans to impose new sanctions on Russia 5 Putin not surprised at US Senate's crusade to tighten sanctions against Russia 6 World's most influential journals for 2017 unveiled in the Journal Citation Reports 7 Putin's annual Q&A session 1 Putin ready to provide political asylum to former FBI director 2 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 3 Russia’s modernized strategic bombers to get protection from all types of missiles 4 Russia tests cruise missile defense systems 5 Putin notes Washington planned to use terrorists to destabilize Russia 6 Austria, Germany castigate US plans to impose new sanctions on Russia 7 US-led coalition colluding with IS instead of fighting terrorism — Defense Ministry TOP STORIES CONFLICT IN SYRIA RUSSIA'S DEFENSE INDUSTRY OIL& GAS INDUSTRY SPACE PROGRAMS Реклама News Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Sections Tags Media Press Releases Infographics About us TASS TODAY AGENCY NEWS TASS HISTORY MANAGEMENT CONTACTS Services TASS-PHOTO TASS-ONLINE TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age. © 2017 TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age.
<iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KX9ZXT" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe> Putin believes Trump’s victory proves that US voters are longing for change Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 16, 8:30 Putin’s Q&A session: a 'nationwide book of complaints' Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 16, 8:07 Trump puzzled by media hype over his ‘non-dealings’ with Russia World June 16, 7:48 Construction of first nuclear power plant in Turkey to begin in 2018 Business & Economy June 16, 6:28 St Isaac’s Cathedral museum in St Petersburg gets new director Society & Culture June 16, 2:34 Direct Line with the president: Putin answers questions on Russia's foreign policy Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 15, 21:01 Russian Central Bank plans to hold meeting on monetary policy Business & Economy June 15, 19:54 US Congress introduces new sanctions against Russia World June 15, 19:19 Putin comments on plans to build bridge to Sakhalin Island Business & Economy June 15, 18:48 {{element.title}} {{element.heading}} {{element.date}} Back to Main page Back to Main page Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Tags Media Press Releases Infographics Select the city Moscow St.-Petersburg Novosibirsk Ekaterinburg Nizhny Novgorod Samara Kazan Omsk Chelyabinsk Rostov-on-Don Ufa Volgograd Perm Krasnoyarsk Voronezh Currency converter USD EUR GBP CHF JPY CNY Back to Currency converter Exchange rate USD → RUR Сurrency Converter History course Please enter an amount Amount: From: ↔ To: Exchange rate on: 16.06.2017 15.06.2017 14.06.2017 13.06.2017 12.06.2017 11.06.2017 10.06.2017 ^ News Feed Sections Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review More Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review All news News Feed News Search Topics All Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review ОК Use filter You can filter your feed, by choosing only interesting sections. Go to Search More news Experts say MH17 might have been downed by Ukraine World October 13, 2015, 14:58 UTC+3 MOSCOW The 9M38, 9M38M, 9M38M1 missiles are not in service with the Russian Armed Forces, but Ukraine has them, Alexander Luzan, a former deputy chief of the Russian army air defense says Share 1 pages in this article © TASS/Mikhail Pochuev Read also Russian missile maker hands over data of first field experiment to MH17 commission MOSCOW, October 13. /TASS/. The modification and type of the Buk missile, as well as the position of the Buk missile system that brought down the Malaysian Flight MH17 Boeing in 2014, suggest that the Ukrainian Armed Forces might have downed the airliner, Alexander Luzan, a former deputy chief of the Russian army air defense, said on Tuesday. "The 9M38, 9M38M, 9M38M1 missiles are former modifications of the Buk system missiles, but they all have the same warhead. They are not in service with the Russian Armed Forces, but Ukraine has them. And we have been for the past 15 years using missiles of another type — 9M317," Luzan said. Read also Russian missile maker traces site of missile launch against flight MH17 with 4 km accuracy The Netherlands to make public report on causes of MH17 crash in east Ukraine MH17 probe results to be invalid without Russia’s data — experts Moscow regrets some facts submitted by Russia when investigating MH17 crash not considered Dutch media escalate anti-Russian propaganda ahead of MH17 report — expert "This Buk does not belong to the militias [of the self-proclaimed Donetsk republic — DPR], the more so it had not been transferred to the militias by Russia, we simply have no such modifications of Buk missiles. Based on the modification and type of the used missile, as well as its location, this Buk belongs to the Armed Forces of Ukraine. By the way, Ukraine had three military districts — the Carpathian, Odessa and Kiev, and these three districts had more than five Buk anti-aircraft missile brigades of various modifications - Buk, Buk-M, Buk-M1, which means that there were more than 100 missile vehicles there," Luzan said. Chief of the flight-test centre of the Research Institute of Civil Aviation Ruben Yesayan told TASS that according to the rules of the International Civil Aviation Association (ICAO), if hostilities are underway in a country, it must close its routes for civil aircraft. Furthermore, if a plane falls in a country, this country should organise an investigation, but "instead, Ukraine conducted combat operations there, its Su-25 planes were flying in bombing raids in the area of Donetsk.". {{item.group_date}} {{item.suffix?", "+item.suffix:""}} Show more Share Topics Boeing 777 crash in Ukraine Top News June 16, 8:30 Putin believes Trump’s victory proves that US voters are longing for change June 16, 8:30 June 16, 7:48 Trump puzzled by media hype over his ‘non-dealings’ with Russia June 16, 7:48 June 16, 8:07 Putin’s Q&A session: a 'nationwide book of complaints' June 16, 8:07 June 15, 18:27 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry June 15, 18:27 In other media Реклама Photo 7 Seven killed in attack on Iranian parliament — media 11 Kabul terror attack aftermath 10 China's Dragon Boat festival in pictures Infographics Russia's gas pipelines to Europe by 2018 The US and Ukraine voted against the UN resolution condemning the glorification of Nazism Opium production in Afghanistan over 20 years The Eurasian Economic Union starts its work Most read Now Today This week 1 Russian missile carriers fly over Baltic Sea with NATO fighter aircraft 2 US eventually congratulates Russia on national day 3 Construction of first nuclear power plant in Turkey to begin in 2018 4 Putin believes Trump’s victory proves that US voters are longing for change 5 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 6 Russian Foreign Minsitry comments on India-Pakistan disoute over Kashmir 7 Germany’s football squad arrives in Sochi for 2017 FIFA Confederations Cup 1 Putin ready to provide political asylum to former FBI director 2 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 3 Russian missile carriers fly over Baltic Sea with NATO fighter aircraft 4 Austria, Germany castigate US plans to impose new sanctions on Russia 5 Putin not surprised at US Senate's crusade to tighten sanctions against Russia 6 World's most influential journals for 2017 unveiled in the Journal Citation Reports 7 Putin's annual Q&A session 1 Putin ready to provide political asylum to former FBI director 2 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 3 Russia’s modernized strategic bombers to get protection from all types of missiles 4 Russia tests cruise missile defense systems 5 Putin notes Washington planned to use terrorists to destabilize Russia 6 Austria, Germany castigate US plans to impose new sanctions on Russia 7 US-led coalition colluding with IS instead of fighting terrorism — Defense Ministry TOP STORIES CONFLICT IN SYRIA RUSSIA'S DEFENSE INDUSTRY OIL& GAS INDUSTRY SPACE PROGRAMS Реклама News Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Sections Tags Media Press Releases Infographics About us TASS TODAY AGENCY NEWS TASS HISTORY MANAGEMENT CONTACTS Services TASS-PHOTO TASS-ONLINE TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age. © 2017 TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age.
<iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KX9ZXT" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe> Putin believes Trump’s victory proves that US voters are longing for change Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 16, 8:30 Putin’s Q&A session: a 'nationwide book of complaints' Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 16, 8:07 Trump puzzled by media hype over his ‘non-dealings’ with Russia World June 16, 7:48 Construction of first nuclear power plant in Turkey to begin in 2018 Business & Economy June 16, 6:28 St Isaac’s Cathedral museum in St Petersburg gets new director Society & Culture June 16, 2:34 Direct Line with the president: Putin answers questions on Russia's foreign policy Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 15, 21:01 Russian Central Bank plans to hold meeting on monetary policy Business & Economy June 15, 19:54 US Congress introduces new sanctions against Russia World June 15, 19:19 Putin comments on plans to build bridge to Sakhalin Island Business & Economy June 15, 18:48 {{element.title}} {{element.heading}} {{element.date}} Back to Main page Back to Main page Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Tags Media Press Releases Infographics Select the city Moscow St.-Petersburg Novosibirsk Ekaterinburg Nizhny Novgorod Samara Kazan Omsk Chelyabinsk Rostov-on-Don Ufa Volgograd Perm Krasnoyarsk Voronezh Currency converter USD EUR GBP CHF JPY CNY Back to Currency converter Exchange rate USD → RUR Сurrency Converter History course Please enter an amount Amount: From: ↔ To: Exchange rate on: 16.06.2017 15.06.2017 14.06.2017 13.06.2017 12.06.2017 11.06.2017 10.06.2017 ^ News Feed Sections Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review More Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review All news News Feed News Search Topics All Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review ОК Use filter You can filter your feed, by choosing only interesting sections. Go to Search More news BBC has not asked Russian Foreign Ministry for interview on MH17 crash — Zakharova Russian Politics & Diplomacy May 05, 2016, 1:16 UTC+3 MOSCOW According to Russian Foreign Ministry Spokeswoman Maria Zakharova, the employees of the Moscow BBC bureau have never asked the Russian Foreign Ministry about the film’s preparation Share 1 pages in this article Russian Foreign Ministry Spokeswoman Maria Zakharova © Artyom Geodakyan/TASS MOSCOW, May 4 /TASS/. Journalists from the BBC Moscow bureau have not asked the Russian Foreign Ministry to give comments for a film on the Malaysian Boeing crash over Ukraine, Russian Foreign Ministry Spokeswoman Maria Zakharova wrote on her page in Facebook. Read also Russian lawmaker praises new BBC documantary on Boeing crash in Donbass She commented on the words of the film’s author, Mike Rudin, who claims that the Russian Foreign Ministry had refused to give an interview to the BBC. "We have maintained close working contacts with the employees of the BBC Moscow bureau. We have given interviews to them many times; we have taken part in online conversations; we have met at briefings and visited their bureau," Zakharova went on to say. "It can be said without exaggeration that we contact the BBC representatives several times a week. Moreover, since last August we have introduced a new format like weekly meetings with representatives of foreign media outlets accredited in Moscow held at the Russian Foreign Ministry press center. BBC journalists are our frequent guests," the Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman said. Read also Dutch-led commission for MH17 crash probe dishonestly used Almaz-Antey data — company Diplomat: The Hague seeking to relegate MH17 crash investigation to background "At the very first meeting, we agreed that all the requests for the interview and commentaries would be sent to foreign journalists via their Moscow journalistic bureaus," the diplomat stressed. According to Zakharova, the employees of the Moscow BBC bureau have never asked the Russian Foreign Ministry about the film’s preparation. Read also Kremlin dismisses investigative journalists’ report on causes of MH17 crash in Donbass {{item.group_date}} {{item.suffix?", "+item.suffix:""}} Show more Share Topics Foreign policy Boeing 777 crash in Ukraine Top News June 16, 8:30 Putin believes Trump’s victory proves that US voters are longing for change June 16, 8:30 June 16, 7:48 Trump puzzled by media hype over his ‘non-dealings’ with Russia June 16, 7:48 June 16, 8:07 Putin’s Q&A session: a 'nationwide book of complaints' June 16, 8:07 June 15, 18:27 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry June 15, 18:27 In other media Реклама Photo 10 Russia's top diplomat Sergey Lavrov celebrates his birthday 3 Four Russians killed in Istanbul helicopter crash — Foreign Ministry 3 MP warns US deployment of THAAD system in South Korea jeopardizes Russia’s security Infographics Russia's gas pipelines to Europe by 2018 Russia’s state defense order in 2015 Chinese Lunar Exploration Program Russia’s Angara A5 heavy-load space carrier rocket Most read Now Today This week 1 Russian missile carriers fly over Baltic Sea with NATO fighter aircraft 2 US eventually congratulates Russia on national day 3 Construction of first nuclear power plant in Turkey to begin in 2018 4 Putin believes Trump’s victory proves that US voters are longing for change 5 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 6 Russian Foreign Minsitry comments on India-Pakistan disoute over Kashmir 7 Germany’s football squad arrives in Sochi for 2017 FIFA Confederations Cup 1 Putin ready to provide political asylum to former FBI director 2 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 3 Russian missile carriers fly over Baltic Sea with NATO fighter aircraft 4 Austria, Germany castigate US plans to impose new sanctions on Russia 5 Putin not surprised at US Senate's crusade to tighten sanctions against Russia 6 World's most influential journals for 2017 unveiled in the Journal Citation Reports 7 Putin's annual Q&A session 1 Putin ready to provide political asylum to former FBI director 2 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 3 Russia’s modernized strategic bombers to get protection from all types of missiles 4 Russia tests cruise missile defense systems 5 Putin notes Washington planned to use terrorists to destabilize Russia 6 Austria, Germany castigate US plans to impose new sanctions on Russia 7 US-led coalition colluding with IS instead of fighting terrorism — Defense Ministry TOP STORIES CONFLICT IN SYRIA RUSSIA'S DEFENSE INDUSTRY OIL& GAS INDUSTRY SPACE PROGRAMS Реклама News Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Sections Tags Media Press Releases Infographics About us TASS TODAY AGENCY NEWS TASS HISTORY MANAGEMENT CONTACTS Services TASS-PHOTO TASS-ONLINE TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age. © 2017 TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age.
<iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KX9ZXT" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe> Putin believes Trump’s victory proves that US voters are longing for change Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 16, 8:30 Putin’s Q&A session: a 'nationwide book of complaints' Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 16, 8:07 Trump puzzled by media hype over his ‘non-dealings’ with Russia World June 16, 7:48 Construction of first nuclear power plant in Turkey to begin in 2018 Business & Economy June 16, 6:28 St Isaac’s Cathedral museum in St Petersburg gets new director Society & Culture June 16, 2:34 Direct Line with the president: Putin answers questions on Russia's foreign policy Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 15, 21:01 Russian Central Bank plans to hold meeting on monetary policy Business & Economy June 15, 19:54 US Congress introduces new sanctions against Russia World June 15, 19:19 Putin comments on plans to build bridge to Sakhalin Island Business & Economy June 15, 18:48 {{element.title}} {{element.heading}} {{element.date}} Back to Main page Back to Main page Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Tags Media Press Releases Infographics Select the city Moscow St.-Petersburg Novosibirsk Ekaterinburg Nizhny Novgorod Samara Kazan Omsk Chelyabinsk Rostov-on-Don Ufa Volgograd Perm Krasnoyarsk Voronezh Currency converter USD EUR GBP CHF JPY CNY Back to Currency converter Exchange rate USD → RUR Сurrency Converter History course Please enter an amount Amount: From: ↔ To: Exchange rate on: 16.06.2017 15.06.2017 14.06.2017 13.06.2017 12.06.2017 11.06.2017 10.06.2017 ^ News Feed Sections Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review More Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review All news News Feed News Search Topics All Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review ОК Use filter You can filter your feed, by choosing only interesting sections. Go to Search More news Dutch investigators arrive in Moscow to investigate MH17 crash World July 05, 2016, 23:19 UTC+3 MOSCOW Spokesman Wim de Bruin of the Dutch prosecutor refused to clarify whom exactly they were going to meet and at what level the meetings would take place Share 1 pages in this article The wreckage of the Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 © Mikhail Pochuyev/TASS, archive MOSCOW, July 5 /TASS/. Representatives of the Joint International Criminal Investigation Team have arrived in Moscow to discuss the investigation into MH17 crash over Donetsk, eastern Ukraine, in July 2014, Spokesman Wim de Bruin of the Dutch prosecutor told TASS on Tuesday. More news on BOEING 777 CRASH IN DONBASS © Mikhail Pochuyev/TASS Human remains still at MH17 crash site — Dutch reporter Dutch minister doubts possibility to find human remains at MH17 crash site Analysis of Russian radars data on MH17 to take time — Dutch prosecutors Russia ready to continue cooperation with Dutch prosecutors on MH17 crash — ambassador According to him, the delegation consisting of investigators, prosecutors and police representatives will stay in Moscow for two days to discuss the investigation into the Boeing MH17 crash. He refused to clarify whom exactly they were going to meet and at what level the meetings would take place. "This information is not for the press," Wim de Bruin said adding he did not plan to make any statements on his visit to Moscow or communicate with journalists. The Joint International Criminal Investigation Team MH17 consists of experts from Australia, Belgium, Malaysia, the Netherlands and Ukraine. The Dutch National Prosecutor’s Office is leading the team whose main task is to establish who is to blame for the MH17 crash. The Joint International Criminal Investigation Team is supposed to submit its preliminary findings on the weapons used to down the plane and the exact place from where the missile was launched. The Boeing-777 (Boeing 777-200ER) of Malaysia Airlines, which was on a flight from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur, crashed over Ukraine’s eastern Donetsk region on July 17, 2014. All the 283 passengers and the 15-member crew - the citizens of 10 states - died in the crash. {{item.group_date}} {{item.suffix?", "+item.suffix:""}} Show more Share Topics Boeing 777 crash in Ukraine Top News June 16, 8:30 Putin believes Trump’s victory proves that US voters are longing for change June 16, 8:30 June 16, 7:48 Trump puzzled by media hype over his ‘non-dealings’ with Russia June 16, 7:48 June 16, 8:07 Putin’s Q&A session: a 'nationwide book of complaints' June 16, 8:07 June 15, 18:27 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry June 15, 18:27 In other media Реклама Photo 7 Seven killed in attack on Iranian parliament — media 11 Kabul terror attack aftermath 10 China's Dragon Boat festival in pictures Infographics Russia's gas pipelines to Europe by 2018 The US and Ukraine voted against the UN resolution condemning the glorification of Nazism Opium production in Afghanistan over 20 years The Eurasian Economic Union starts its work Most read Now Today This week 1 Russian missile carriers fly over Baltic Sea with NATO fighter aircraft 2 US eventually congratulates Russia on national day 3 Construction of first nuclear power plant in Turkey to begin in 2018 4 Putin believes Trump’s victory proves that US voters are longing for change 5 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 6 Russian Foreign Minsitry comments on India-Pakistan disoute over Kashmir 7 Germany’s football squad arrives in Sochi for 2017 FIFA Confederations Cup 1 Putin ready to provide political asylum to former FBI director 2 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 3 Russian missile carriers fly over Baltic Sea with NATO fighter aircraft 4 Austria, Germany castigate US plans to impose new sanctions on Russia 5 Putin not surprised at US Senate's crusade to tighten sanctions against Russia 6 World's most influential journals for 2017 unveiled in the Journal Citation Reports 7 Putin's annual Q&A session 1 Putin ready to provide political asylum to former FBI director 2 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 3 Russia’s modernized strategic bombers to get protection from all types of missiles 4 Russia tests cruise missile defense systems 5 Putin notes Washington planned to use terrorists to destabilize Russia 6 Austria, Germany castigate US plans to impose new sanctions on Russia 7 US-led coalition colluding with IS instead of fighting terrorism — Defense Ministry TOP STORIES CONFLICT IN SYRIA RUSSIA'S DEFENSE INDUSTRY OIL& GAS INDUSTRY SPACE PROGRAMS Реклама News Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Sections Tags Media Press Releases Infographics About us TASS TODAY AGENCY NEWS TASS HISTORY MANAGEMENT CONTACTS Services TASS-PHOTO TASS-ONLINE TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age. © 2017 TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age.
<iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KX9ZXT" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe> Putin believes Trump’s victory proves that US voters are longing for change Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 16, 8:30 Putin’s Q&A session: a 'nationwide book of complaints' Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 16, 8:07 Trump puzzled by media hype over his ‘non-dealings’ with Russia World June 16, 7:48 Construction of first nuclear power plant in Turkey to begin in 2018 Business & Economy June 16, 6:28 St Isaac’s Cathedral museum in St Petersburg gets new director Society & Culture June 16, 2:34 Direct Line with the president: Putin answers questions on Russia's foreign policy Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 15, 21:01 Russian Central Bank plans to hold meeting on monetary policy Business & Economy June 15, 19:54 US Congress introduces new sanctions against Russia World June 15, 19:19 Putin comments on plans to build bridge to Sakhalin Island Business & Economy June 15, 18:48 {{element.title}} {{element.heading}} {{element.date}} Back to Main page Back to Main page Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Tags Media Press Releases Infographics Select the city Moscow St.-Petersburg Novosibirsk Ekaterinburg Nizhny Novgorod Samara Kazan Omsk Chelyabinsk Rostov-on-Don Ufa Volgograd Perm Krasnoyarsk Voronezh Currency converter USD EUR GBP CHF JPY CNY Back to Currency converter Exchange rate USD → RUR Сurrency Converter History course Please enter an amount Amount: From: ↔ To: Exchange rate on: 16.06.2017 15.06.2017 14.06.2017 13.06.2017 12.06.2017 11.06.2017 10.06.2017 ^ News Feed Sections Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review More Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review All news News Feed News Search Topics All Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review ОК Use filter You can filter your feed, by choosing only interesting sections. Go to Search More news Kremlin has nothing to add to Russian experts’ position on Boeing crash case — spokesman Russian Politics & Diplomacy October 14, 2015, 20:51 UTC+3 ASTANA Russia’s Federal Air Transport Agency earlier commented on the Dutch Safety Board’s Tuesday’s report Share 1 pages in this article © EPA/ROBIN VAN LONKHUIJSEN ASTANA, October 14. /TASS/. The Russian Federation’s position on the causes of a Malaysian Boeing’s crash in Ukraine last summer was comprehensively voiced by representatives of the Russian professional community, Russian presidential spokesman Dmitry Peskov said Wednesday when asked to comment on The Netherlands’ report on the air crash. Read also Russia has lots of questions over MH17 crash that have no answers — Lavrov Russia continues to investigate MH17 crash despite Dutch Safety Board report Ukraine's Donetsk republic slams Dutch experts’ conclusions on MH17 crash Russia strongly disagrees with Dutch probe into MH17 crash — aviation agency MH17 investigation suggests attempts to conceal Boeing crash cause — lawmaker MH17 hit by missile Ukraine launched from militia-controlled region — Dutch Safety Board "This position was already voiced today by our representatives, I don’t see any necessity to add anything here," Peskov told journalists. On July 17, 2014, a Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777 passenger airliner on flight MH17 from the Dutch city of Amsterdam to the Malaysian capital of Kuala Lumpur crashed in the Donetsk Region in eastern Ukraine, killing all 298 people on board. Most passengers - 193 people - were Dutch nationals. The strike of a ground-to-air or air-to-air missile was named as a possible cause of the crash. Russia’s Federal Air Transport Agency (Rosaviatsiya) earlier commented on the Dutch Safety Board’s Tuesday’s report. Russian antiaircraft missile system manufacturer Almaz-Antey on Tuesday presented its own conclusions on the crash confirmed by large-scale modelling experiments. The experiments reportedly confirmed an earlier version that the missile that hit the plane had been launched from the territory controlled by Ukraine and not militiamen.   {{item.group_date}} {{item.suffix?", "+item.suffix:""}} Show more Share Top News June 16, 8:30 Putin believes Trump’s victory proves that US voters are longing for change June 16, 8:30 June 16, 7:48 Trump puzzled by media hype over his ‘non-dealings’ with Russia June 16, 7:48 June 16, 8:07 Putin’s Q&A session: a 'nationwide book of complaints' June 16, 8:07 June 15, 18:27 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry June 15, 18:27 In other media Реклама Photo 10 Russia's top diplomat Sergey Lavrov celebrates his birthday 3 Four Russians killed in Istanbul helicopter crash — Foreign Ministry 3 MP warns US deployment of THAAD system in South Korea jeopardizes Russia’s security Infographics Russia's gas pipelines to Europe by 2018 Russia’s state defense order in 2015 Chinese Lunar Exploration Program Russia’s Angara A5 heavy-load space carrier rocket Most read Now Today This week 1 Russian missile carriers fly over Baltic Sea with NATO fighter aircraft 2 US eventually congratulates Russia on national day 3 Construction of first nuclear power plant in Turkey to begin in 2018 4 Putin believes Trump’s victory proves that US voters are longing for change 5 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 6 Russian Foreign Minsitry comments on India-Pakistan disoute over Kashmir 7 Germany’s football squad arrives in Sochi for 2017 FIFA Confederations Cup 1 Putin ready to provide political asylum to former FBI director 2 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 3 Russian missile carriers fly over Baltic Sea with NATO fighter aircraft 4 Austria, Germany castigate US plans to impose new sanctions on Russia 5 Putin not surprised at US Senate's crusade to tighten sanctions against Russia 6 World's most influential journals for 2017 unveiled in the Journal Citation Reports 7 Putin's annual Q&A session 1 Putin ready to provide political asylum to former FBI director 2 US may attack Syrian troops with multiple rocket launchers — Russian Defense Ministry 3 Russia’s modernized strategic bombers to get protection from all types of missiles 4 Russia tests cruise missile defense systems 5 Putin notes Washington planned to use terrorists to destabilize Russia 6 Austria, Germany castigate US plans to impose new sanctions on Russia 7 US-led coalition colluding with IS instead of fighting terrorism — Defense Ministry TOP STORIES CONFLICT IN SYRIA RUSSIA'S DEFENSE INDUSTRY OIL& GAS INDUSTRY SPACE PROGRAMS Реклама News Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Sections Tags Media Press Releases Infographics About us TASS TODAY AGENCY NEWS TASS HISTORY MANAGEMENT CONTACTS Services TASS-PHOTO TASS-ONLINE TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age. © 2017 TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In With Job Cuts, It's Ford First By Brooke Sutherland Photographer: Daniel Acker/Bloomberg Autos Brooke Sutherland Brooke Sutherland is a Bloomberg Gadfly columnist covering deals. She previously wrote an M&A column for Bloomberg News. Follow @blsuth Facebook Twitter Email Print Share May 16, 2017 12:16 PM EDT FORD MOTOR CO +0.02 At Closing, June 15th 11.24 USD TESLA INC -5.32 At Closing, June 15th 375.34 USD Ford Motor Co.'s shrinking workforce shows investors, not politicians, ultimately rule job decisions.   The automaker is reportedly planning to cut about 10 percent of its global salaried workforce. Per Bloomberg News, North America and Asia will bear the brunt of the reductions. The cuts appear to be part of Ford's plan to eliminate $3 billion in costs to help offset the profit pressures of its heavy investment in electric and self-driving cars as well as tempered car demand in the U.S. The stock traded up as much as 1.2 percent and was flat as of mid-morning in New York. Service Check Ford had been in hiring mode over the past few years as car sales rose, but the boom now looks to be over Source: Bloomberg Note: Ford said in its annual report it had about 201,000 employees. In its first-quarter report, that number had climbed to 202,000. The thousands of positions Ford is planning to eliminate dwarf the high-profile job-creation announcements that earned praise from President Donald Trump earlier this year. Trump is a bit busy at the moment deflecting questions about Russia, but even if he wasn't, a Ford-based tweetstorm is unlikely. That's because these job cuts don't fit with his "blame Mexico" narrative, but rather are part of the reality of being a manufacturing company in an industry facing both weakening demand and a technological revolution. Trump has been quiet as Ford and other carmakers announce layoffs to cope with plateauing U.S. vehicle sales. Other past subjects of Trump love have also avoided public reprimands: Boeing Co. has had to make job cuts in response to a similar wind-down after years of booming revenue, while Caterpillar Inc. is continuing restructuring efforts. And what would Trump say? This is the free market at work and investors in manufacturing companies expect they will make the necessary employment adjustments to maintain profitability in the face of eroding demand. Ford is also spending billions in an effort to stay competitive with Tesla Inc., Uber Technologies Inc. and Waymo, Alphabet Inc.'s self-driving spinoff. This is something Ford needs to do and ultimately could pay off big-league. But it was arguably behind on making these investments; Barclays Plc analyst Brian Johnson suggests that's one reason for its meaningful underperformance lately relative to General Motors Co. And transitioning into a digital identity never goes down as easily as just starting that way from scratch. Different Gears Ford shares are down about 18 percent over the past year, compared with a 10 percent rise at GM. And yet, GM is the one that's attracted an activist investor. Source: Bloomberg Tesla investors expect the company to burn mountains of cash and have rewarded it with a dizzying valuation. Ford is coming from an old-school past, with an investor base wary of past automaker bankruptcies. It doesn't have the same luxury of just ignoring the pain in its bottom line, particularly when things aren't going swimmingly at its traditional vehicle business. It has to make up for that profit hit elsewhere -- with job cuts and other cost improvements -- to keep investors on board with the plan. But even then, profits are moving in the wrong direction and shareholders are only willing to wait so long to start to see the payoff from these investments. Side Swipe Ford's profit has taken a hit as it ramps up investment in autonomous and electric vehicle technology Source: Bloomberg General Electric Co., another manufacturing company trying to reinvent itself as a software maker, knows this dilemma well. While GE took out $375 million of costs in the first quarter, that was offset in part by a "couple hundred million" of additional digital investments. Net costs were down about $75 million. Few analysts factor any sort of sales boost from the digital investments into their forecasts and investors are skeptical about the ultimate revenue payoff. And like Ford, it gets very little credit for its efforts as far as its stock price is concerned. One way for both companies to mitigate the critiques could be to show just how much money these digital endeavors are losing. It sounds counter-intuitive, but allowing investors to see more clearly into the core operations by stripping out the EPS impact of going digital may be one earnings adjustment worth making. That said, as much as these industrial giants might wish they were Tesla, the focus on costs and profits isn't going anywhere. The jobs, however, are. This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Bloomberg LP and its owners. To contact the author of this story: Brooke Sutherland in New York at bsutherland7@bloomberg.net To contact the editor responsible for this story: Beth Williams at bewilliams@bloomberg.net Pony Up Pony Up Tencent has been extremely active over the past year, suprassing rival's deal values Source: Bloomberg Note: Data are for deals announced or completed in the past 12 months involving investors that were named. Value doesn't represent the amount put in by those investors, merely the total deal value in which they were involved. As Ant Financial is part of the Alibaba stable, there may be some double-counting. bird brains Tencent Doesn't Want Angry Investors Tech Tim Culpan Still On Top Still On Top Nestle's stock has pulled ahead of its biggest packaged-food peers as the business benefits from pricing power and the CEO considers selling underperforming units Source: Bloomberg Sugar-Free Nestle Is Better Off Losing the Candy Weight Deals Tara Lachapelle Where Longer-Term Oil Prices Seem Anchored $55 A Barrel Crystal Barrel The Long-Term Price of Oil Is ... Energy Liam Denning Amazon's Largest Acquisition Price (So Far) $1.1 Billion Mad Genius Bezos Goes Slack-Eyed Tech Shira Ovide Apple's Spending on R&D in the last year $10.8 Billion Code of Silence Why Apple's CEO Spilled a Secret on Driverless Cars Tech Shira Ovide Stock Swell Stock Swell Passive investing means owning many more stocks than it did a century ago Source: Center for Research in Security Prices, The University of Chicago Booth School of Business World Weary Thinking Global? Invest Local, Bogle Says Markets Nir Kaissar Playing Games Playing Games Ubisoft has improved profitability by selling more games online instead of in physical formats Source: Bloomberg Paying Up When the Raider's Ace Is a Fair Bid Media Leila Abboud Medicxi has raised $300 million From Tech to Biotech Google's Owner Is Getting Into Drugs Health Chris Hughes Discount To Peers Discount To Peers Estimated price-to-book ratio shows investors apply a relatively steep discount to Deutsche Source: Bloomberg Intelligence Janus-Like Deutsche Bank's Wonderful Two-Headed World Finance Lionel Laurent Over Uber Fly Charts: Topping Uber, in a Bad Way Max Nisen Shopping Drop Shopping Drop Pressures facing the U.K. consumer are finally starting to bite Source: U.K. Office for National Statistics Unsettling Brexit and the Corner Sofa Consumer Andrea Felsted What the exchange didn't use =RAND() Atonement Let's Have an NSE Initial Penance Offering Markets Andy Mukherjee Toyota produces Tesla's annual output every 2 1/2 days self-driving spark Toyota's Animal Spirits Revive Autos David Fickling Catch Up Catch Up Italy has chance to recover lost ground as political fears ebb Source: Bloomberg France vs Italy Summer Love in the Bond Market Markets Marcus Ashworth Quite a Catch Quite a Catch A few nasty quarters have wiped out all of Toshiba's earnings from the past five years Source: Bloomberg Check, Please Marry Me, or I'll Sue Tech Tim Culpan Winter Is Coming Winter Is Coming The Federal Reserve is still planning on a third rate increase in 2017; market participants put it more likely at the end of the year Grading on a Curve Bond Traders Detect Fed Error Markets Lisa Abramowicz Number of digital currencies 753 Smokin' Getting High on Cryptocurrencies Tech Tim Culpan How the IEA Spent Wednesday Morning Trolling OPEC Slick Burn It's Getting Snarky in the Oil Market Energy Liam Denning Long Wait Long Wait Goldman Sachs is betting that the IPO market probably won't rebound quickly Source: Bloomberg Shrinkage! Goldman's Rise of the IPO Machines Finance Stephen Gandel Women on TPG's Board 0 Talk It Up Is Private Equity More Sexist Than Uber? Management Gillian Tan Reported price $20 billion null A Mystery $20 Billion Dalliance Deals Chris Hughes Off Target Where Are These Stocks Headed? Throw a Dart Tara Lachapelle No Margin For Error No Margin For Error Inditex's gross margin improved in the first quarter Source: Bloomberg Intelligence null The Trouble With Being a Trendsetter Consumer Andrea Felsted #MLLGA Fly Charts: Making Leveraged Lending Great Again Max Nisen London's market share 75% null Nobody Wants This Brexit Power Grab Finance Lionel Laurent
Latest News / Turkish leader’s security officers charged with assault in Washington / Turkey’s Erdogan says Saudi king should resolve Gulf rift during Ramadan / British PM May urges Qatar, Saudi and Bahrain to ease tensions / Qatar says fighter jets deal shows deep US support / Saudi: Gulf rift bigger than air rights, can’t be resolved at ICAO / US Senate votes near unanimously for Russia, Iran sanctions / UN Security Council urges warring Yemen parties to agree port control / Kurdish independence vote to include disputed areas / Turkey remands 5 foreign Daesh suspects / Egypt’s islands: Brotherhood calls for protest over transfer of Red Sea islands / Qatar: Gulf crisis has no impact on World Cup / Oman unveils world’s 1st interactive calligraphic Quran / How many bags of money would it take to sell Egypt? / US arrest warrants issued for members of Turkish leader’s security team / PA blocks websites in West Bank linked to Hamas and Mohammad Dahlan News Opinion Reviews Features Publications Multimedia More Espanol / English Middle East Near You US-Iran sign billions in deals under Trump May 31, 2017 at 4:33 pm | Published in: Asia & Americas, Iran, Middle East, News, US File photo of a Boeing 737 test plane [Boeing] May 31, 2017 at 4:33 pm Iran has remained unfazed by US President Donald’s Trump’s attacks because his administration has shown willingness to conduct business with it, the New York Times has reported. The newspaper said that Iran is awaiting the delivery of a fleet of US-made Boeing airliners, the result of two deals worth $22 billion for the American company. The paper added that the most recent contract between the plane maker and the Iranian airline, Aseman, was signed two months after Trump was sworn into office. Trump, whose campaign was partly based on the promise to revive industrial employment, was not keen to scrap the agreement, which would provide 18,000 jobs in the United States, the newspaper said. Read: Iran foreign minister scorns Trump after speech, arms deal According to the New York Times, it will be difficult for the United States to resolve problems in Lebanon, Syria, Iraq and Yemen without Iran, noting that the work will open channels of communication with Tehran. During his recent trip to the Middle East, Trump stressed the Iranian threat and the need to unite regional efforts to confront Tehran. CategoriesAsia & AmericasIranMiddle EastNewsUS This work by Middle East Monitor is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License. If the image(s) bear our credit, this license also applies to them. What does that mean? For permissions beyond the scope of this license, please contact us. Spotted an error on this page? Let us know 
				 Related Latest Updates Africa Asia & Americas Middle East Europe Book Reviews Event Reviews Film Reviews Columnist Dr Daud Abdullah Asa Winstanley Ben White Yvonne Ridley Guest Writers Interviews Regular Contributors Abderrahim Chalfaouat Alastair Sloan Amelia Smith Diana Alghoul Dr Phil Leech Dr Ramzy Baroud Ibrahim Hewitt Jehan Alfarra Maha Salah Nasim Ahmed Professor Kamel Hawwash Ramona Wadi Reports & Resources Briefing Papers Fact Sheets Reports Documents Interviews Stay Informed Facebook Twitter Youtube Instagram Middle East Monitor About Us Palestine Book Awards Editorial Guidelines Legal Pages Press Releases Privacy Policy Contact Us Creating New Perspectives © The Middle East Monitor 2009-2017. All Rights Reserved | Legal Pages | Privacy Policy
Latest News / Turkish leader’s security officers charged with assault in Washington / Turkey’s Erdogan says Saudi king should resolve Gulf rift during Ramadan / British PM May urges Qatar, Saudi and Bahrain to ease tensions / Qatar says fighter jets deal shows deep US support / Saudi: Gulf rift bigger than air rights, can’t be resolved at ICAO / US Senate votes near unanimously for Russia, Iran sanctions / UN Security Council urges warring Yemen parties to agree port control / Kurdish independence vote to include disputed areas / Turkey remands 5 foreign Daesh suspects / Egypt’s islands: Brotherhood calls for protest over transfer of Red Sea islands / Qatar: Gulf crisis has no impact on World Cup / Oman unveils world’s 1st interactive calligraphic Quran / How many bags of money would it take to sell Egypt? / US arrest warrants issued for members of Turkish leader’s security team / PA blocks websites in West Bank linked to Hamas and Mohammad Dahlan News Opinion Reviews Features Publications Multimedia More Espanol / English Middle East Near You IranAir buys 20 planes from Europe April 10, 2017 at 9:58 am | Published in: Europe & Russia, France, Iran, Italy, Middle East, News Image of Iranair Airbus A300 April 10, 2017 at 9:58 am IranAir has signed a contract to buy 20 planes from European aircraft maker ATR, Iranian deputy transport minister was quoted as saying today. The deal comes after Iran, which had not directly purchased a Western-built plane in nearly 40 years, signed contracts with Europe’s Airbus and US rival Boeing last year to purchase about 180 jets. The move comes after sanctions were lifted from Tehran last year. Read: US sanctions firms helping Iran boost its missile capabilities ATR is joint-owned by France-based Airbus and Leonardo of Italy. “The contract between IranAir and ATR to buy 20 ATR 72-600 aircrafts has been signed by the officials of both countries,” Asghar Fakhrieh-Kashan was quoted as saying by ISNA. A basic deal for the purchase of 20 airplanes, with options for another 20, was reached several weeks ago but negotiations dragged on over an agreement for maintenance and spare engines between IranAir and engine supplier Pratt & Whitney Canada, owned by US aerospace group United Technologies. CategoriesEurope & RussiaFranceIranItalyMiddle EastNews This work by Middle East Monitor is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License. If the image(s) bear our credit, this license also applies to them. What does that mean? For permissions beyond the scope of this license, please contact us. Spotted an error on this page? Let us know 
				 Related Latest Updates Africa Asia & Americas Middle East Europe Book Reviews Event Reviews Film Reviews Columnist Dr Daud Abdullah Asa Winstanley Ben White Yvonne Ridley Guest Writers Interviews Regular Contributors Abderrahim Chalfaouat Alastair Sloan Amelia Smith Diana Alghoul Dr Phil Leech Dr Ramzy Baroud Ibrahim Hewitt Jehan Alfarra Maha Salah Nasim Ahmed Professor Kamel Hawwash Ramona Wadi Reports & Resources Briefing Papers Fact Sheets Reports Documents Interviews Stay Informed Facebook Twitter Youtube Instagram Middle East Monitor About Us Palestine Book Awards Editorial Guidelines Legal Pages Press Releases Privacy Policy Contact Us Creating New Perspectives © The Middle East Monitor 2009-2017. All Rights Reserved | Legal Pages | Privacy Policy
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us י"ט סיון תשע"ז   |   Tuesday, June 13, 2017 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Business El Al Concludes $1.25 Billion Deal for 16 Dreamliners El Al Concludes $1.25 Billion Deal for 16 Dreamliners By Hamodia Staff Monday, June 12, 2017 at 3:08 pm | י"ח סיון תשע"ז The coach-class cabin of a A Boeing 787 Dreamliner. YERUSHALAYIM - El Al Israel Airlines announced on Monday the conclusion of negotiations to purchase 16 new Boeing 787-9 Dreamliners for a total of over $1.25 billion. The planes are scheduled to join the El Al fleet starting in September of this year. The Dreamliners will fly initally between Tel Aviv and New York, with routes to other cities in North America and Hong Kong to be added before the end of 2017. “I am proud to announce that following a year and a half of major preparations by all of us at EL AL in anticipation of the new Dreamliner’s arrival, EL AL is embarking on new era,” CEO David Maimon said. The planes have 282 seats divided into three passenger classes, and no first class. The upgraded business class has 32 seats that open up into full beds. The premium economy class has 28 seats in four rows of seven each: each row has three seats in the middle of the plane, and two seats each on the far sides of the isles. The tourist class has 222 seats that are arranged nine seats to a row: each row has three seats in the middle and three seats on the far sides of the isles. Besides passenger comfort, the new aircraft will save the airlines money. It promises a 47 percent saving on fuel consumption over the currently employed Boeing 747s on the direct Tel Aviv-New York route. It also touts cheaper maintenance (fewer overhauls are required), and the Dreamliners can fly more often. Ticket prices are not expected to change as a result of the renewal of El Al’s air fleet, as explained by CEO David Maimon today at the launching of the planes. He said, “The prices are subject to supply, demand, and competition, not to the introduction of new airplanes.” Filed under: Airplane, Boeing, El Al, Israel Print Email Gmail Related Boeing Dreamliners Grounded Worldwide Wing Cracks Force Inspections of Undelivered Boeing Dreamliners Boeing Lands $11 Billion Deal After Redesigning 737 Max to Add Seats Air Canada Places $6.5 Billion Boeing Order American Airlines to Spend $2 Billion on Upgrades More in Business Asian Stocks Shake Off U.S. Tech Slump; ‘Loonie’ Jumps on Rate-Hike Prospect Sudden Technology Tumble Continues as Stocks Fall Further Business Briefs – June 12, 2017 Uber Head of Business to Leave After Board Meeting on Culture SUVs Didn’t Kill Off the Station Wagon After All OP-ED The Non-Issue of Sharia You Can’t Govern By ID Brotherhood Provides Spiritual Grounding for Jihadist Terror The Wicket Gets Stickier He Did Not Deviate Comey’s Testimony Was a Net Plus for President Mugged by Reality The New York Times Recklessly Exposes a CIA Operative’s Identity No Room for Conciliation The Smoking Scourge Is Making a Comeback To Die for Estonia? Moment & Momentum: Shavuos Reflections Driving Out Qatar Withdrawal From Paris Accord Was a Wise Decision Features This Day In History 19 Sivan/June 13 The Odd Side – June 13, 2017 Easy on the 65 Across World of Wonder – June 13, 2017 Editorial Cartoon – June 13, 2017 Sudoku – June 13, 2017 Nichum Aveilim 19 Sivan/June 13 This Day In History 18 Sivan/June 12 Nichum Aveilim 18 Sivan/June 12 The Bar Mitzvah Boy’s Parents Are Divorced Mrs. Hindu Fischer (Part I) Editorial Cartoon – June 12, 2017 Sudoku – June 12, 2017 Lots of Nothing Weather » Brooklyn °F See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 6,210.62 +35.1504 (+0.5692%) S&P 500 2,436.36 +6.97 (+0.29%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.8922 GBP 0.7859 ILS 3.5306 CHF 0.9675 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
Business All Agriculture Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Retail Startups Tourism China open to U.S. beef but hurdles will limit when and how much enters the country Trump declares parts of flood ravaged Arkansas as disaster areas Health care behaviors and outcomes improve in Crawford, Sebastian counties Real Deals: First Security backs Delta Delta Delta project at UA Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics China open to U.S. beef but hurdles will limit when and how much enters the country Trump declares parts of flood ravaged Arkansas as disaster areas List of potential challengers for U.S. Rep. Rick Crawford may grow Fort Smith Civil Service Commission chair recuses, unlikely to address police chief’s hiring proposal before Aug. 1 Arkansas’ globe-trotting, job-hunting chief executive hitting the road again Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Trump declares parts of flood ravaged Arkansas as disaster areas Health care behaviors and outcomes improve in Crawford, Sebastian counties Real Deals: First Security backs Delta Delta Delta project at UA Some Arkansas cities beginning to think about the tech future Video / Podcasts Rep. Rushing, chair of Economic and Tax Policy committee, wants review of all exemptions Spencer ‘trending towards’ Second District Congressional challenge of Rep. Hill Warren Stephens on capitalism, tax reform and the Trump administration Arkansas Children’s CEO Marcy Doderer describes the institution’s expanding mission Sen. Tom Cotton says Medicaid reform central to healthcare overhaul debate Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail Used vehicle price index hits record high Arkansas Transportation Report: Arkansas River traffic dips below 900,000 tons in April, lowest level since 2011 Little Rock harbor project underway, latest in several TIGER-funded projects in Arkansas Executive leadership additions continue at USA Truck Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us ‘Doing Business with NASA’ set for July 20 at UA Little Rock BusinessStartups by Talk Business & Politics staff (staff2@talkbusiness.net) 4 days ago 40 views  0 SHARES Share Tweet The Arkansas Small Business and Technology Development Center will host “Doing Business with NASA” July 20 8 a.m. to 3 p.m. at the Reynolds Business Center at University of Arkansas Little Rock. NASA representatives from Johnson Space Center, Kennedy Space Center Marshall Space Flight Center, Stennis Space Center and NASA Shared Services will meet one-to-one with business owners interested in selling goods or services to NASA and its primary contractors, according to a press release from Arkansas SBTDC. Contractors including Boeing, United Launch System, SAIC and DXC, formerly Hewlett Packard, also will be present. The space agency is working to increase its small business industrial base, said Troy Miller, small business specialist at the NASA Shared Services Center, according to the release. NASA increased its grants to small business by $440 million in three years, according to the release. “Awards to small business from NASA and our prime partners went from $4.8 billion in the 2013 fiscal year to $5.3 billion in 2016. Since small businesses are critical to the success of NASA’s missions and the heart of the country’s economy, events like these are very important to NASA and the local economies,” Miller said in the release. Pre-registration is required and available online. The Arkansas SBTDC is funded in part through a cooperative agreement with the U.S. Small Business Administration through a partnership with several higher education institutions, including the UA Little Rock College of Business. The Arkansas Procurement Assistance Center collaborated with the SBTDC on the event, according to the release. Comments comments Previous post Vacant Ruby Tuesday in Fayetteville attracts a buyer Next post Pet category gravitates online, could be a ‘smart’ play for Wal-Mart Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Angela Grayson Survive or thrive Robert Coon It’s time for a different approach with Cuba Vicki Vasser-Jenkins Elder Law and why it is important to you Justin Allen Arkansas legislators remain busy in the ‘interim’ Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, non-berries, and stuff that doesn’t make America great again Latest Popular China open to U.S. beef but hurdles will limit when and how much enters the country 5 hours ago Trump declares parts of flood ravaged Arkansas as disaster areas 6 hours ago Health care behaviors and outcomes improve in Crawford, Sebastian counties 6 hours ago Real Deals: First Security backs Delta Delta Delta project at UA 10 hours ago Survive or thrive 10 hours ago Commercial acreage along Highway 102 in Centerton sells for $1.55 million 3,473 views Sumo Japanese Steakhouse coming to Fort Smith in 2018 3,346 views Vacant Ruby Tuesday in Fayetteville attracts a buyer 2,441 views Nelson Peacock named as new President and CEO of Northwest Arkansas Council 1,917 views Marshals Museum design changes reduce construction cost by more than 50% 1,614 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity Aircraft Interiors IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Operations & Technology > Aeropolitics > Regulation > US trade commission backs Boeing complaint against Bombardier US trade commission backs Boeing complaint against Bombardier Jun 12, 2017 Michael Bruno | ATW Plus EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 CS100 in Delta Air Lines’ livery Bombardier Related Media Video: Embraer E195-E2 Eagle paint scheme As expected, the US International Trade Commission (ITC) voted unanimously June 9 to allow a Boeing’s antidumping complaint against Canadian aircraft manufacturer Bombardier to continue toward finding compensatory duties. The panel of five members “determined that there is a reasonable indication that a US industry is threatened with material injury by reason of imports of 100- to 150-seat large civil aircraft from Canada that are allegedly subsidized and sold in the United ... Subscribe to Access this Entire Article "US trade commission backs Boeing complaint against Bombardier" is part of ATW Plus, our online premium membership. Subscribing will provide you access to exclusive news, carefully researched airline financial, fleet and traffic data, plus the option to receive our popular, award-winning print magazine. To learn more, click here. If viewing via ATW Mobile, please login and click "Read web article" to view fully. Questions? ATWPlus@penton.com. Subscribe to ATW Plus Already registered? Log In here. Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Canada, Bombardier counter Boeing’s complaints about CSeries   Norwegian files formal complaint against discrimination in favor of SAS   Bombardier’s Cromer defends pricing of Delta’s CSeries order Embraer: Bombardier’s Delta CSeries order enabled by unfair subsidies 6   Airbus-Boeing subsidy dispute is a proxy fight with a larger goal Blogs & Commentary Jun 7, 2017 blog Airlines need Brexit answers. Soon. The UK is scheduled to leave the EU (Brexit) by the end of March 2019, but airlines don’t have two years, they need answers by April next year....More Jun 6, 2017 blog Editor’s Blog: Walsh’s meltdown over the BA meltdown A clearly irritated Willie Walsh was ready to chastise the press. “It wasn’t a computer meltdown,” he said as soon as he was asked about the British Airways incident that essentially shut down the airline’s London operations. “It was not a failure of IT; it was a failure of power.”...More Jun 5, 2017 blog Editor's Blog: The USA becomes the unnamed problem child If you wanted an indicator of how far the US has fallen in the regard of global opinion, Cancun would be a good place to be this week.As one speaker on a panel on protectionism said, “it’s going to get a lot messier in world free trade”....More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location IATA AGM coverage brought to you by:  Jun 14, 2017 Article ATW Plus LOT CEO: Warsaw airport capacity limits affect growth   LOT Polish Airlines could see its rapid growth pace slow down as Warsaw Chopin Airport reaches capacity....More Jun 14, 2017 Article ATW Plus Icelandair CEO: Transatlantic business remains a challenge   Icelandair continues to grow on transatlantic routes, but the carrier’s expansion is affected by capacity limits at its Reykjavik hub and increasing competition from low-cost carriers (LCCs)....More Jun 13, 2017 Article ATW Plus TAAG Angola Airlines expects another challenging year South Africa-based TAAG Angola Airlines continues to struggle in a difficult operating environment in Africa, CCO William Boulter told ATW in an exclusive interview last week at the IATA AGM in Cancun....More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 239% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 111% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/15/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 239% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 111% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/15/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Stratolaunch's Gigantic, Rocket-Hauling Aircraft Could Fly in 2019 But by then, no one may care. Rich Smith (TMFDitty) Jun 12, 2017 at 11:22AM According to National Geographic, a full-grown male African elephant (Loxodonta africana) masses up to 7 tons. In contrast, Stratolaunch's "Roc" -- the massive rocket-hauling carrier aircraft that the space company unveiled at the end of May -- weighs in at 250 tons.  Despite the difference in size, I suspect we'll soon discover that Stratolaunch's Roc is just a gigantic white elephant, too. Here's why. Stratolaunch's new Roc crept out of its lair on May 31. Image source: Stratolaunch. Introducing Paul Allen's white elephant Stratolaunch is a creation of Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen. Its new Roc is built by Northrop Grumman (NYSE:NOC) subsidiary Scaled Composites. The plane, essentially designed as a scaled-up (pun intended) version of Orbital ATK's (NYSE:OA) Stargazer project, is intended to fly to high altitude and there release a rocket that will ignite in the sky and blast its payload the rest of the way into orbit. Whereas Orbital ATK uses a modified Lockheed Martin (NYSE:LMT) L-1011 aircraft as its carrier aircraft, though, Stratolaunch has designed an entirely new aircraft to fulfill this purpose. A beast of a machine with a 385-foot wingspan (wider than a football field is long) and sporting six Pratt & Whitney PW4000 engines (the same engines that power a Boeing (NYSE:BA) 747), the Roc stands 50 feet tall and measures 238 feet from nose to tail. It's so big, it needs 28 wheels to support its weight as it trundles down the runway. In flight, the Roc is designed to sling a rocket between its two fuselages, carry it to 35,000 feet, and there release it to blast off into space -- at which point the Roc would return to land and load up with another rocket for launch. Regarding rockets Speaking of that rocket, there is one small issue with Stratolaunch: There don't currently seem to be any rockets of the size it wants to carry that are suitable for air launch. The Roc is designed to carry rockets weighing up to 275 tons, you see. (Thus, between the plane's 250-ton empty weight, 125 tons of aviation fuel for the plane itself, and a further 275 tons for the payload, the Roc would weigh 650 tons at takeoff -- about the same mass as an Airbus A380 fully loaded with passengers.) But Stratolaunch hasn't yet found a rocket of that size that can launch safely from midair. Failing that, the latest plan is to have Stratolaunch instead carry "multiple" (three are depicted in Stratolaunch's artist depictions) Orbital ATK Pegasus XL rockets and deploy them in series. Here's another problem with Stratolaunch: Using a huge airplane to help launch even "multiple" small rockets seems to defeat the purpose of building the huge airplane in the first place. After all, there are already at least two companies (Virgin Orbital and Orbital ATK itself) with aircraft that are suitable for air-launching small satellite rockets. Plus, Orbital's Pegasus XL rockets only mass about 25 tons each. So even if Roc can carry and launch three Pegasus XL rockets at a time, in so doing, it would utilize only 75 out of its 275-ton lift capacity. Simply put, Roc is overkill for this purpose. A solution in search of a problem This, in turn, leads us to consider another problem with Stratolaunch. Namely, the company boasts that Roc has a "payload" capacity of 275 tons -- which sounds like a lot. After all, the biggest payload that SpaceX's famous Falcon 9 reusable rocket can carry to low earth orbit is 22.8 tons. The Lockheed Martin-designed Atlas V rocket operated by United Launch Alliance maxes out at 18.85 tons, while the Boeing-designed Delta IV tips the scales at 28.37 tons of capacity. But this doesn't mean that Stratolaunch's Roc is 10 times more capable than its nearest ground-launched rocket competitor -- far from it. You see, the Roc's "275-ton payload" refers to the size of the rocket the Roc will carry. The ultimate payload -- the satellite that that rocket itself would put in orbit, is much smaller. How much smaller? Multiply the Pegasus XL's 0.443-ton payload times the three Pegasi the Roc might be able to carry, and it looks like the most payload Roc can put in orbit is about 1.3 tons -- about 93% less than Lockheed's Atlas, 94% less than SpaceX's Falcon, and 95% less than Boeing's Delta. Better never than late? With stats like that, it's hard to see how Stratolaunch can hope to compete with any of these companies. And it gets worse. At the same time as Stratolaunch is trying to compete with SpaceX, Boeing, and Lockheed in the market for large satellite launches, space companies are gravitating toward launching more, smaller satellites instead -- and a new generation of small space-launch companies is springing up to serve this market. So, what's the upshot for investors here? At last report, Stratolaunch was believed to have invested $300 million in getting the Roc ready for testing. As of last week, this investment has finally produced a plane, but Stratolaunch isn't expected to actually be ready to launch rockets before 2019 at the earliest. By then, the Roc could already be obsolete -- and en route to extinction. Rich Smith has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Orbital ATK. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Rich Smith (TMFDitty) I like things that go "boom." Sonic or otherwise, that means I tend to gravitate towards defense and aerospace stocks. But to tell the truth, over the course of a dozen years writing for The Motley Fool, I have covered -- and continue to cover -- everything from retailers to consumer goods stocks, and from tech to banks to insurers as well. Follow me on Twitter or Facebook for the most important developments in defense & aerospace news, and other great stories besides. Article Info Jun 12, 2017 at 11:22AM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $195.45 up $3.07 (1.60%) Lockheed Martin NYSE:LMT $280.93 up $0.63 (0.22%) Northrop Grumman NYSE:NOC $258.64 down $-1.02 (-0.39%) Orbital ATK NYSE:OA $99.59 up $0.11 (0.11%) Read More Northrop Grumman Crushed It on Earnings -- Then Sold Off Orbital ATK Inc. Reports Strong New-Order Growth There's Only 1 Thing Not to Like About Northrop Grumman's Earnings Textron's New Drone Is A Game Changer Orbital ATK Upgraded After Earnings: What You Need to Know Prev 1 2 3 4 Next Compare Brokers Motley Fool push notifications are finally here Allow push notifications to help you stay on top of... Breaking investing news Earnings coverage Market movers Special offers and more Subscribe to notifications You can unsubscribe at any time. Current Stratolaunch's Gigantic, Rocket-Hauling Aircraft Could Fly in 2019 @themotleyfool #stocks $BA, $LMT, $NOC, $OA
Digital Trends Home > Cars > When you crash a Lambo in Qatar, these are the… When you crash a Lambo in Qatar, these are the ‘doctors’ that fly out to fix it By Ronan Glon — Updated June 15, 2017 7:41 am Subscribe Share Here are the top 25 games that made the SNES, well, super These are the 10 greatest Porsches ever made Get today's popular Digital Trends articles in your inbox: Update: We’ve added information about the cost of repairing a wrecked car. Your friendly neighborhood body repair shop won’t help if you crash a Lamborghini Aventador. So a damaged component is like an iceberg—the worst of it might be under the surface. The super-fast, V12-powered machine is built around a monocoque made entirely out of carbon fiber, and many of its body panels are also crafted from the lightweight material. Repairing carbon fiber presents a unique set of challenges. It can’t be welded or banged back into shape, and no amount of body filler will cover up a crack. So, what happens when one of them gets wrapped around a palm tree? Anticipating the demand for quality repairs all over the world, Lamborghini teamed up with research partner Boeing and created a team of on-demand mechanics called Flying Doctors. Digital Trends went behind the scenes for a look at what happens when a car needs to be mended in a faraway corner of the globe. Only the best “You can’t fly a broken plane, right? Technicians travel to wherever it’s stuck and fix it on-location. We decided to do the same thing with our cars,” explains Attilio Masini, Lamborghini’s head of materials technology and manufacturing engineering. The program was announced shortly after the Aventador made its debut in early 2011. Lamborghini There are only four Flying Doctors at the factory. They’re all certified to repair damaged aeronautic composite components by the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA). That means they know carbon fiber well enough to rebuild an airliner like the 787 Dreamliner if needed. It’s not all about repair skills, though. The job also requires a tremendous amount of patience, and the ability to work well under pressure. Making contact, mending contact The Flying Doctors are summoned by a dealer, not by a customer. For example, imagine you go straight where the road turns left and your prized Aventador S ends up crumpled up like a recycled can of pop. The Flying Doctors will examine pictures of the damage and a report with details of the crash before deciding whether the car can be repaired. If it’s salvageable, they commission a third-party company to perform a non-destructive inspection (NDI) in order to understand the extent of the damage, and provide an estimate. They fly out only when the dealer receives the green light from the owner. Making a mistake usually means starting over. That might not sound so bad, but when you’re under the Middle Eastern sun it’s an atrocious thought. Lamborghini stores chests that contain the tools required for carbon fiber repair in strategic locations around the globe. Some are in the United States, others in the Middle East, and a few in Asia. The gear that can’t be easily stored for – various reasons – follows the Doctors everywhere they go, and the carbon fiber is kept in an icebox at about zero degrees Fahrenheit until it’s ready to be used. “Carbon fiber is applied in layers, so a damaged component is like an iceberg. The worst of it might be under the surface,” Casper Steenbergen, the head of the Flying Doctors team, tells us. The Flying Doctors use x-rays and ultra-sound technology to get a clear idea of what they’re working with, and how much of the car is really busted. Sometimes, they get lucky and the damage is only superficial. Other times, hairline cracks form in the bottom layers and risk causing much bigger issues down the road. The time it takes to repair a car largely depends on the scope of the damage. Some tasks take a few hours, while others take over a week. The cost varies greatly, too. “[The price] really depends on the type of damage and where the car is located. Many factors play a role. Normally, the repair of the CFRP monocoque is just a small portion of the total repair cost,” Steenbergen told us. Learning the trade We venture into the Flying Doctors’ workshop to get a taste of what their job is like, minus the jet lag and the extreme weather conditions. They show us how to repair a hole in a very basic, rectangular piece of carbon fiber. That’s plenty challenging for a carbon fiber newbie. Lamborghini The first step is to sand down the area around the damage – so far, it’s like repairing a metal panel. The similarities stop there, however. With the sander out of the way, we begin carefully applying new layers of carbon fiber over the hole one piece at a time. We start with a large round piece that covers the surface we sanded, and gradually add smaller circles. The last layer is about the size of a dime. It sounds simple, but it’s one of those meticulous, measure-twice-and-cut-once jobs. Making a mistake usually means starting over. When you’re in a climate-controlled room, that doesn’t sound so bad; when you’re under the Middle Eastern sun, it’s an atrocious thought. Once all the layers are applied, we cover the part with a thin piece of plastic held in place with double-sided tape. We then use a purpose-built vacuum attachment to suck out air that’s still trapped between the carbon fiber. Air is the enemy of carbon fiber; bubbles baked in between the layers compromise appearance and rigidity. Being a frequent-flying, globe-trotting technician is one of the most awesome jobs in the world. When you make a part out of carbon fiber, it needs to cure in an oven for a few hours before it’s ready to be used. The process is the same when you make a repair, but the Flying Doctors can’t dismantle one of the factory’s ovens and bring it with them. Instead, they put a heating pad over the part and hook it up to a hot bonder that maintains a steady 250 degrees Fahrenheit for at least two hours. The part is then thoroughly checked for structural soundness. What happens next depends on what’s being repaired. Some parts are hidden out of view so they only need minor finishing work. Others need to be painted, clear-coated, or both, before they’re put back on the car. The Flying Doctors have repaired about 45 cars in numerous cities ranging from London to Beijing. When they’re not on the road, they stay busy in the Lamborghini workshop, which is a stone’s throw from the factory in Sant’Agata Bolognese, Italy. They never know where they’ll go next; it’s part of what makes being a frequent-flying, globe-trotting technician one of the most awesome jobs in the world.
Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Store Subscribe RSS Newsletter Advertise Contact Us 100-Year Archive Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Aviation Week Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Technology Aircraft Design Advances in Manufacturing Vertical Flight New Civil Aircraft Leading Edge Program Management Corner Commercial Aviation New Civil Aircraft From the Flight Deck Airline Fleets and Networks Airline Intel Aircraft Interiors Space Commercial Space Space Exploration In Orbit Defense Combat Aircraft Electronic Warfare Air Combat Safety Intelligence, Surveillance & Reconnaissance Vertical Flight Washington Outlook Military Trainers Business Aviation Vertical Flight Inside Business Aviation Purchase Planning Handbook MRO Connected Aerospace Products & Services Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Advertisement Home > AWIN_Commercial > Boeing Concludes $3 Billion Iranian 737 MAX Deal You have access to this content through your organization’s enterprise subscription to the Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN). Would you like to go there now? Your choice will be remembered until you close your browser. No, stay hereYes, go to AWIN Boeing Concludes $3 Billion Iranian 737 MAX Deal Jun 12, 2017 Alan Dron | Aviation Daily EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Boeing has signed a definitive agreement with Iran Aseman Airlines for the purchase of up to 60 737 MAX commercial passenger aircraft. The deal includes firm orders for 30 737 MAX aircraft valued at $3 billion at list prices, and purchase rights for an additional 30 737 MAXs. The variants of the MAX series to be included in the deal were not specified. The contract signing followed and agreement with Iran Aseman in April 2017, expressing the airline’s intent to make the purchase. ... THIS CONTENT REQUIRES SUBSCRIPTION ACCESS You must have an Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN) account or subscribe to this Market Briefing to access "Boeing Concludes $3 Billion Iranian 737 MAX Deal".   Current Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN) enterprise and individual members: please go to http://awin.aviationweek.com for access.   Not currently a subscriber? Click on the "Learn More" button below to view subscription offers. Learn More Already registered? Log In here. Print Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Boeing Considers Next Midmarket Moves As Airbus Watches 75   A New MOM Aircraft? It’s the Economics, Stupid 109   Ryanair Deal Launches High-Density Boeing 737MAX 8 Boeing To Define Midsize Market Initiative Within One Year 61   Boeing MAX Stretch Variant Poses Engine Challenges 79   Advertisement Commercial Aviation: Market Briefing A subscription to Aviation Daily is required to access these stories.   EasyJet Confirms Its Interest In Alitalia  Southwest To Operate 18 Daily International Flights From FLL  ‘Baby Boom’ Demonstrator Passes Design Review  A&D Supply Chain Player Poised For Growth  Virgin Orbit Close To LauncherOne Completion  Nexcelle Spools Up For Airliner And Bizjet Projects  Airlines Will Face Moderate Bill For Infrastructure Push  AIA: Total A&D Employment Slipped In 2016    Subscribe Log In Advertisement Advertise with Us   2017 Media Materials Your source for 2016 media kits, editorial planners rates and specs for AW&ST, ATW, B&CA and more! Advertise Sign up to Aviation Week Newsletter Daily analysis on technology advances impacting the global aviation, aerospace & defense industries. Subscribe Advertisement AviationWeek.com Commercial Aviation Business Aviation Defense MRO Space 100-Year Archive Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Site Features Subscribe Newsletters RSS Sitemap Mobile site Aviation Week Network About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Search AviationWeek.com Search: PISCES Penton Corporate Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Financial X-Ray Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Financial X-Ray Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Financial X-Ray Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Financial X-Ray Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #BSTech #GST #BSSpecial News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-ANI » National Modi Govt. has scored zero in creating jobs: Rahul ISSF World Cup: Jitu Rai, Heena Sidhu bag gold in 10m Air Pistol event Business Standard Search operations for crew of Mexican Navy Ship underway ANI  |  Panaji (Goa) [India]  June 12, 2017 Last Updated at 17:57 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UWU0E4 ALSO READ Mumbai hospital denies super obese Egypt woman was not treated well Indian Naval ships visiting Egypt World's heaviest woman arrives in Mumbai for surgery Two warships of Indian Navy arrives in Egypt for joint drill World's heaviest woman undergoes surgery for obesity in Mumbai The Indian Navy has launched a "Search and Rescue" operation to look for a lady cadet who has reportedly fallen overboard from Mexican Sail Training Ship (STS) Cuauhtemoc, at 14 It has been reported that the lady cadet was not donning life saving gear when she fell overboard. Promptly responding to the alert, Boeing P8I aircraft sorties were undertaken from 21:00 hours - 23:00 hours and 06:30 hours - 10:30 hours on June 11 and June 12 respectively for SAR. IN Ship TEG which was enroute to Mumbai from Port Louis, Mauritius has been diverted and is likely to arrive in the area at 1800 hrs on 12 Jun 17. Additionally, IN Ship Mysore (with two integral helicopters) has sailed from Mumbai AM 12 Jun 17 and is likely to arrive in the area at 2000 hrs on 13 Jun 17 for SAR operations. No success has been reported yet on sighting / recovery of the lady cadet. The Mexican sail Ship is scheduled to visit Mumbai from 21 - 26 Jun 17. The last port of call of the ship was Port Said, Egypt and the next port of call is Singapore. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Mumbai | Egypt | News-ani | National PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Calculate Your Premium in Seconds and Buy Health Insurance Today Super Saver Health Insurance For Your Family Search operations for crew of Mexican Navy Ship underway The Indian Navy has launched a "Search and Rescue" operation to look for a lady cadet who has reportedly fallen overboard from Mexican Sail Training Ship (STS) Cuauhtemoc, at 14It has been reported that the lady cadet was not donning life saving gear when she fell overboard.Promptly responding to the alert, Boeing P8I aircraft sorties were undertaken from 21:00 hours - 23:00 hours and 06:30 hours - 10:30 hours on June 11 and June 12 respectively for SAR.IN Ship TEG which was enroute to Mumbai from Port Louis, Mauritius has been diverted and is likely to arrive in the area at 1800 hrs on 12 Jun 17.Additionally, IN Ship Mysore (with two integral helicopters) has sailed from Mumbai AM 12 Jun 17 and is likely to arrive in the area at 2000 hrs on 13 Jun 17 for SAR operations. No success has been reported yet on sighting / recovery of the lady cadet.The Mexican sail Ship is scheduled to visit Mumbai from 21 - 26 Jun 17.The last port of call of the ship was Port Said, Egypt and the next port ... The Indian Navy has launched a "Search and Rescue" operation to look for a lady cadet who has reportedly fallen overboard from Mexican Sail Training Ship (STS) Cuauhtemoc, at 14 It has been reported that the lady cadet was not donning life saving gear when she fell overboard. Promptly responding to the alert, Boeing P8I aircraft sorties were undertaken from 21:00 hours - 23:00 hours and 06:30 hours - 10:30 hours on June 11 and June 12 respectively for SAR. IN Ship TEG which was enroute to Mumbai from Port Louis, Mauritius has been diverted and is likely to arrive in the area at 1800 hrs on 12 Jun 17. Additionally, IN Ship Mysore (with two integral helicopters) has sailed from Mumbai AM 12 Jun 17 and is likely to arrive in the area at 2000 hrs on 13 Jun 17 for SAR operations. No success has been reported yet on sighting / recovery of the lady cadet. The Mexican sail Ship is scheduled to visit Mumbai from 21 - 26 Jun 17. The last port of call of the ship was Port Said, Egypt and the next port of call is Singapore. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) ANI Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Search operations for crew of Mexican Navy Ship underway The Indian Navy has launched a "Search and Rescue" operation to look for a lady cadet who has reportedly fallen overboard from Mexican Sail Training Ship (STS) Cuauhtemoc, at 14 It has been reported that the lady cadet was not donning life saving gear when she fell overboard. Promptly responding to the alert, Boeing P8I aircraft sorties were undertaken from 21:00 hours - 23:00 hours and 06:30 hours - 10:30 hours on June 11 and June 12 respectively for SAR. IN Ship TEG which was enroute to Mumbai from Port Louis, Mauritius has been diverted and is likely to arrive in the area at 1800 hrs on 12 Jun 17. Additionally, IN Ship Mysore (with two integral helicopters) has sailed from Mumbai AM 12 Jun 17 and is likely to arrive in the area at 2000 hrs on 13 Jun 17 for SAR operations. No success has been reported yet on sighting / recovery of the lady cadet. The Mexican sail Ship is scheduled to visit Mumbai from 21 - 26 Jun 17. The last port of call of the ship was Port Said, Egypt and the next port of call is Singapore. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) ANI Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In City More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos Live TV TIMES NEWS - RADIO Modi Government Elections 2017 Delhi MCD 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance City METRO CITIES Mumbai Delhi Bangalore Hyderabad Kolkata Chennai OTHER CITIES Agartala Agra Imphal Ahmedabad Allahabad Amritsar Aurangabad Bareilly Bhopal Bhubaneswar Chandigarh Coimbatore Cuttack Dehradun Erode Faridabad Goa Gurgaon Guwahati Hubli Indore Jaipur Jammu Jamshedpur Jind Kanpur Kochi Kolhapur Kozhikode Lucknow Ludhiana Madurai Mangalore Meerut Mysore Nagpur Nashik Navi Mumbai Noida Patna Puducherry Pune Raipur Rajahmundry Rajkot Ranchi Srinagar Salem Shillong Shimla Surat Thane Trichy Thiruvananthapuram Vadodara Varanasi Visakhapatnam Goa Crime Civic Issues Politics Schools & Colleges Events ALL News » City News » Goa News » Mexican Naval cadet falls overboard Mexican Naval cadet falls overboardNewton Sequeira A Mexican naval cadet fell overboard from the Mexican sail training ship (STS) Cuauhtemoc around 550 nautical miles off the coast of Goa. | TNN | Jun 12, 2017, 07.38 PM IST PANAJI: A Mexican naval cadet fell overboard from the Mexican sail training ship (STS) Cuauhtemoc around 550 nautical miles off the coast of Goa. The India Navy has launched search and rescue operations with a Boeing P8I aircraft undertaking aerial search sorties from INS Hansa in Goa. Naval officials said that search operations were being hampered by the monsoon weather. Naval warship Teg which was enroute to Mumbai from Port Louis, Mauritius has been diverted to undertake search operations. Additionally, naval warship Mysore has sailed out from Mumbai and is likely to arrive in the area to complement the search and rescue operations. The Mexican naval vessel was on its way to Mumbai for a port call. It has been reported that the lady cadet was not donning lifesaving gear when she fell overboard, a naval official said. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web Choose a home from across 12 cities in India GODREJ PROPERTIES Salma Officially in Billionaire Wives Club Sportingz The Best SUV Crossovers of 2017 New Crossover Cars | Sponsored Ads More from The Times of India FYJC admission: Part 2 form filling from Friday Raajakumara takes over Baahubali 2 Tech sector blown fuse can signal volatility power up From the Web More From The Times of India Find a State Farm® agent near you!State Farm Insurance Best Luxury Senior Living Apartments in CliftonLuxury Senior Apartments - Sponsored Ads Have You Seen These Top Crossover SUVs?Crossover SUV - Sponsored Ads An inspiring story of illness, hope and teamworkOptum Who Says Playing Video Games Is a Waste of Time?WSJ for TAGG Six Capital Navi Mumbai airport levelling work begins Kerala women care for their families, but deprive themselves Reliance, BP to invest Rs 40,000cr in gas field Chhota Udepur district panchayat to procure new school bags BOJ set to hold policy steady, signal confidence in economy Comments Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Education Admissions 2017 Exam Results NEET 2017 IIT JEE Advanced Results Maharashtra Board SSC results  Bihar Board Matric Result UP Board Class 10th Result UP Board Class 12th Result Subscribe today! Join Our newsletter Follow Us@timesofindia From around the Web Hit big savings on insurance with State Farm® State Farm Insurance The Most Surprisingly Tall Women in Hollywood Livingly The Most Dangerous Snakes Found On The Planet Greeningz More From The Times of India UP to scrap Shia, Sunni waqf boards after graft plaints NRI entrepreneur buys Kohli painting for £2.9 million Let it bleed: Breaking taboos around menstrual hygiene Most Popular Maharashtra farmers call off stir after state announces loan waiver Xi Jinping snubs Nawaz Sharif by skipping bilateral meet after murder of Chinese nationals At SCO summit, PM takes veiled dig at Pak in strong anti-terror pitch British Muslims hand out 3,000 roses at London Bridge after attack British Muslims hand out 3,000 roses at London Bridge after attack Noida: Youngsters enjoy food during Ramzan Iftar is usually family time, but youngsters also prefer to occasionally go out with friends and sample the tempting (usually) non-veg offerings in Noida's street markets. Youngsters can be seen having iftar in Brahmaputra and at the Tea Shop, Godavari Complex. They were there to break their fast and had friends who’d tagged along just to enjoy the tikkas and shawarma, and they all told us where they like to go and what they like to eat. Read Moreport louis mauritiusMexican naval vesselINS Hansagoa naval​Mexican Naval cadet Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel Weather in Goa Goa Travel Guide How to reach Goa Get to know Goa Hotels in Goa Restaurants in Goa Places to visit in Goa Things to do in Goa Shopping in Goa Nightlife in Goa Itineraries Goa Map Goa Photos Haunted Places in Goa Beaches In Goa Download Goa Travel Guide Goa To Delhi Flights Goa to Bangalore Flights From our Global Partners 28 Goa MLAs attend orientation programme 28 MLAs attend orientation programme ‘Won’t vote until we get jobs, houses’ Confusion at Nirankal as polling stations mixed up 1Mexican Naval cadet falls overboard 228 Goa MLAs attend orientation programme 328 MLAs attend orientation programme 4‘Won’t vote until we get jobs, houses’ 5Confusion at Nirankal as polling stations mixed up Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now I am Gujarat Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Economic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends Narendra Modi GST Champions Trophy 2017 GST Rates List Fire in Delhi SSC Result 2017 date SL vs Pak Live Score NEET Result 2017 date PM Modi CT Points Table Aadhaar  Darjeeling Indigo sale WWE Results Sensex services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web ICC Champions Trophy Dark Circles How to Get Pregnant Ramadan Fasting Rules Sunny Leone Photos XXX Photos Weight Loss Tips Ramadan Festival 2017 Best Mehndi Designs Trending topics Exam Results 2017 UP Board 12th Results UP Board 10th Results MSBSHSE 10th result Raabta Collection xXx UP Intermediate Result UP High School Result IIT JEE Adv Results Mollywood News Raabta Review Sunny Leone Photos Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service ` The times of india Login now & get a free Dunkin’ Shaken Iced CoffeeGet Free Coffee
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video     Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Travel Destinations Holiday Types Expert Reviews Mail Travel MailEscapes Celebrity Travel My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad From Flintstones-like cave dwellings in Iran to a top-heavy house in France: The oldest still-inhabited buildings in the world revealed From the fluffy Australian quokka to a Texan lizard with no eyes: Where to spot the rare animals only found in certain parts of the world  Historical gems, secret museums and LOTS of cheese and wine: Fabulous France, done two ways Take a train from Heathrow and a taxi, NOT an Uber, into Rome: The fastest and cheapest ways to town from the world's busiest airports revealed Britain's mobile data is TWICE as fast as America's: Interactive map reveals the world's best and worst internet speeds, so how does yours stack up? Gordon Ramsay's OWN Hotel Hell as his £200-a-night B&B sinks into £800k debt and guests slam poor service Thousands of desperate passengers are forced to fly from Heathrow Airport WITHOUT their luggage as British Airways and other airlines are hit by baggage failure  Woman slams Ryanair after they refused to give her a refund despite her mother’s bowel EXPLODING, leaving them unable to go on holiday  Toad-em pole! Acrobatic amphibians perform a frog PYRAMID 12 ways to cut the cost of your summer holiday: Families spend £1,212 on average - but could you save money by staying in a dorm or using free sat nav? Chaos at Brussels airport as passengers are evacuated due to a power outage and forced to wait outside for hours The town that lost its fizz! The birthplace of San Pellegrino sits eerily empty with hotels, casinos and shops in a state of decay Is this the most beautiful sunset ever captured on camera? Timelapse footage shows an ultra-rare cloud formation bathed in a rainbow of colour Summer's back! Beaches packed as temperatures hit 35C - with 3/1 odds on a June record Tyre on a Malaysia Airlines flight exploded when the aircraft touched down in heavy rain What a lava-ly home! The tiny house by the world's most active volcano you can rent for £98 (but would you be brave enough to stay?) Face of pure contentment: Rescue dog who 'smelt like rotting flesh' living with mange on the streets is always smiling after finding a loving new home (and 11,000 Instagram fans) One does love a cuppa! Tetley releases never-before-seen images from its archives as it celebrates turning 180… including King George popping into the factory for a brew Going the extra mile for a stunning wedding album: Bride and groom don a gown and suit and pose at landmark locations around the world Time for a touch up! Russian oligarch's £240million Motor Yacht A undergoes a refit so she's spruce enough to keep up with her new £360million big sister Airline captain takes to the skies in a packed Boeing 737… with his 19-year-old SON as co-pilot Don't strap a dog to your car in Alaska and keep your shirt on in Thailand! The wackiest driving laws from around the world revealed How Westerners first saw Japan: Colour postcards of idyllic life in 19th century show sleeping Geishas, women writing letters in their boudoirs and elegant ladies riding rickshaws The ultimate hotel for trainspotters: Inside the luxury lodgings in Tokyo that are right next to the bullet train tracks at the main railway station Previous Next An axe in the cockpit, black triangles on cabin walls and anti-hijacking latches: The little-noticed aircraft fittings that can save your life The Cooper vane device was developed to prevent a certain type of hijacking   Black triangles on cabin walls mark the position where the wings are most visible Flight decks are equipped with an axe to hack away cockpit panels in case of fire By Annabel Fenwick Elliott for MailOnline Published: 09:47 EDT, 12 June 2017 | Updated: 04:40 EDT, 13 June 2017 e-mail 186 shares 568 View comments You may not have noticed some of these discreet aircraft fittings, until now.  So what function do they serve?  From the tiny black triangle marking found on overhead lockers to the yellow hooks located on a plane's wings, MailOnline Travel reveals the workings behind eight minor but potentially life-saving fixtures. Wing hooks These wing hooks serve as tethering points for ropes, which passengers can use to steady themselves in the event of an evacuation over the wing Most planes will have small yellow hooks mounted to their wings. These are used to aid evacuations over the wing and to secure life rafts. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 2 Next From a floating airliner to a waterborne hobbit hole: The... True love never gets old: Touching images from around the... Flight delayed? You can now claim more than £500 in... Dumping coffee in the bin and being on your phone: Starbucks... How well do YOU know your capital cities? Rio is not the... From soaking amid snowy mountains to vast oceanfront... Share this article Share 186 shares A safety rope is fed through them from the door to help passengers walk out over the wing in the case of a water landing.  If a life raft is deployed, the rope can be used to tether it and help passengers steady themselves as they clamber over the wing to reach it. Axe  Behind the captain's seat in the flight deck is an axe used in the event of a fire to hack away cockpit panels, making it easier to aim extinguishers (stock images) As mandated by the Federal Aviation Administration, all flight decks must be equipped with a safety axe. Why? Retired airline captain Anas Maaz explains on Quora: 'It is a fire-fighting device used to cut away cockpit panels and other aircraft areas if a fire develops inside them.  'The cutting allows the fire to be exposed, making it easier to aim the extinguishers to kill the fire off.' Handles by the exits  These handles help flight crew hold on tight as they assist people out of the emergency exit and stop panicked passengers from pushing them down the slide We're all familiar with a plane's emergency exit doors, but what about the handles located on either side? These are for the safety of the cabin crew in the event of an evacuation. In a panicked situation, it is likely that fleeing passengers will push past as they make their way out, potentially shoving flight attendants down the slide.  The handles mean they can hang on and carry on manning the doors.    Black triangles   These black triangles mark the position from which the wings can be best seen by the flight crew should they need to check them before take-off Many planes will have small black triangles marked on the walls. These mark the position from which the wings can be best seen by the flight crew should they need to check them before take-off. Writing for Quora, pilot Bruno Gilissen explains: 'If there's any doubt about the position of the slats or flaps, the pilot can walk down the cabin, have a look through the window where the triangle is located, and see the numbers written on the slats/flaps.' Cooper vanes The Cooper vane, named after a famed hijacker, is a device which prevents the rear stairwell - which passengers can use to board and disembark - from opening mid-flight Situated on the outside of aircraft, the Cooper vane is a device which prevents the back stairwell (airstairs) - which passengers can use to board and disembark in rural airports - from opening mid-flight. They were introduced in 1972 on some aircraft after a still-unidentified plane hijacker referred to as 'DB Cooper' used airstairs to escape a Boeing 727 using a parachute as it was flying over Oregon. The nifty device was named after him, though it's rare, as most planes nowadays don't have airstairs. Window holes  These window holes direct and maintain pressure between the three panes should one break Ever wondered what that slightly alarming-looking pinprick hole in plane windows is for? It's to make sure that the outer pane of glass cracks first in the event of pressure-related problems. The pressure inside the cabin is maintained at a level that's comfortable for passengers. To maintain this pressure, the plane's structure and its windows need to be able to handle the differential between the cabin pressure and the outside of the plane. As a result, windows on commercial planes typically have three panes - outer, middle and inner - made of acrylic and glass. Philip Spiers, head of Advanced Structural Testing Centre at the University of Sheffield Advanced Manufacturing Research Centre (AMRC) with Boeing, explained that the plastic pane on the inside of the plane is to prevent passengers from getting access to the glass panes in the middle and on the outside. There is a middle pane of glass with a hole in it, then an air gap, followed by an outside pane of glass. This hole helps maintain the pressure differential and directs it onto the outer pane rather than the inner pane. 'If the pane was sealed [and didn't have a hole in it], all the pressure in the cabin would act on the inside pane of glass,' continued Mr Spiers. 'You want [this pressure] to act on the outside pane because if there is a problem with the outside it would be possible to see it during inspection. 'If this pressure blows that pane out, the inside pane is still strong enough to hold the pressure. You don't want to see the inside pane fail first as the inspectors wouldn't see that. Plus, this gives enough time for the plane to drop to a lower altitude to manage the issue.'  As for why plane windows are always oval-shaped and never square? Dai Whittingham, the Chief Executive of the UK Flight Safety Committee explained to MailOnline Travel: 'Square corners concentrate the stresses and can lead to fatigue failure of the structure. 'Designers prefer oval windows because they can get a larger viewing area which suits the biggest range of passenger sitting heights.' Auxiliary Power Unit (APU) These provide power before take-off and after landing, and account for the noise you hear after you board but before the engines are fired up The primary use of an APU is to start the aircraft's main engines.  But they also power the electrical systems before take-off and after landing so that passengers can enjoy lighting and air conditioning before take-off. The APU can clearly be heard before the engines are fired up. Ashtrays   Because airlines don't trust passengers not to flout no-smoking rules, particularly in the bathrooms, ashtrays are installed as a safety measure just in case  Even though smoking is banned on modern planes, rules state that they must nevertheless carry ashtrays to be deemed airworthy.  This is essentially because airlines don't trust passengers not to flout the no-smoking rules, particularly in the bathrooms.  Ashtrays are installed next to the toilets as a safety measure just in case. Share or comment on this article e-mail 186 shares Most watched News videos Overjoyed mum screams when son returns after two years away How to survive a knife attack: Tips on how to stay safe Shocking moment wedding guests caught molesting bridesmaid Architect believes cladding on Grenfell Tower had chimney effect Jeremy Corbyn receives a standing ovation from his MPs Shocking CCTV captures burglars in a home as mother puts child to sleep Child asks London Mayor 'How many kids died?' at Grenfell fire site Fasting driver mows down five men on a pavement in Leicester Heroic firefighter showered with flaming debris carries on Debris falls from Grenfell Tower after huge blaze engulfs building Drivers play dangerous game of cat and mouse during road rage Grenfell Tower block blaze: What we know Miner who discovered massive $300MILLION emerald weighing... Mother, 30, wearing denim crop top and flowing trousers... 'You know it's not good when you’re told to write your... Before these Eton old boys were famous: These stars were... Hero father led his pregnant wife and daughter, 10, out... Shocking moment Muslim van driver who 'saw red' during... 'Tell her you love her': Fireman handed his phone to... Lily Allen accuses the media of 'downplaying' the... Boy, five, 'was lost in the thick black smoke' as he... Rita Ora goes back to 'the block she played in as a... Dreamboys stripper, 28, thanks jury after they clear him... The homes of rich people in Kensington should be SEIZED... French husband tied his wife to railway line by her... Theresa May ‘broke down in tears’ but is slammed for... Miracle of two sisters saved from tower fire as their... Fireproof cladding that would have prevented Grenfell... Inside the inferno: Charred remains of Grenfell Tower... Lost four-year-old boy survives FIVE DAYS in wilderness... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 567 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     TOP STORIES IN TRAVEL Woman slams Ryanair after they refused to give her a refund despite her mother's bowel EXPLODING, leaving them unable to go on holiday    Britain's mobile data is TWICE as fast as America's: Interactive map reveals the world's best and worst internet speeds, so how does yours stack up?   Gordon Ramsay's OWN Hotel Hell as his £200-a-night B&B sinks into £800k debt and guests slam poor service   Take a train from Heathrow and a taxi, NOT an Uber, into Rome: The fastest and cheapest ways to town from the world's busiest airports revealed   From the fluffy Australian quokka to a Texan lizard with no eyes: Where to spot the rare animals only found in certain parts of the world    Thousands of desperate passengers are forced to fly from Heathrow Airport WITHOUT their luggage as British Airways and other airlines are hit by baggage failure    Chaos at Brussels airport as passengers are evacuated due to a power outage and forced to wait outside for hours   From Flintstones-like cave dwellings in Iran to a top-heavy house in France: The oldest still-inhabited buildings in the world revealed   Summer's back! Beaches packed as temperatures hit 35C - with 3/1 odds on a June record   Toad-em pole! Acrobatic amphibians perform a frog PYRAMID   12 ways to cut the cost of your summer holiday: Families spend £1,212 on average - but could you save money by staying in a dorm or using free sat nav?   The town that lost its fizz! The birthplace of San Pellegrino sits eerily empty with hotels, casinos and shops in a state of decay   Is this the most beautiful sunset ever captured on camera? Timelapse footage shows an ultra-rare cloud formation bathed in a rainbow of colour   Airline captain takes to the skies in a packed Boeing 737... with his 19-year-old SON as co-pilot   One does love a cuppa! Tetley releases never-before-seen images from its archives as it celebrates turning 180... including King George popping into the factory for a brew   What a lava-ly home! The tiny house by the world's most active volcano you can rent for £98 (but would you be brave enough to stay?)   Tyre on a Malaysia Airlines flight EXPLODED when the aircraft touched down in heavy rain   Going the extra mile for a stunning wedding album: Bride and groom don a gown and suit and pose at landmark locations around the world   The daredevils of yesteryear revealed: Photos capture wing-walkers playing tennis, workers dangling from scaffolding and wall-of-death drivers performing with LIONS in sidecars   Cyclist who pedalled 11,000 miles from Norway to Africa reveals how he fought thieves in Egypt, got chased by bikers in Iran and entered a region in Russia locals said he wouldn't survive    Now THAT'S a close encounter: Camera on weather balloon captures the dramatic moment a Delta Air Lines jet soars past just 500 feet above   Don't strap a dog to your car in Alaska and keep your shirt on in Thailand! The wackiest driving laws from around the world revealed   The ultimate hotel for trainspotters: Inside the luxury lodgings in Tokyo that are right next to the bullet train tracks at the main railway station Fido meets flipper! The heartwarming moment a puppy and dolphin playfully splash around in the ocean together   An axe in the cockpit, black triangles on cabin walls and anti-hijacking latches: The little-noticed aircraft fittings that can save your life   The village that drowned: Haunting images capture a town buried under 300ft of industrial waste... with its church spire one of the few parts still showing   The white stuff: Ultra-rare baby albino dolphin delights whale watchers as it playfully splashes around   From yoga moves to dreamy gazes: The Instagram holiday poses guaranteed to boost likes   From a floating jet plane to a waterborne hobbit hole: The most bizarre houseboats in the world revealed   Venice BANS the opening of new hotels in its continued crackdown on mass tourism as the city drowns in 30million visitors a year   Living the real high life in Amsterdam... thanks to a new swanky hotel in the heart of the city's Unesco-rated canal district   Flight delayed? You can now claim more than £500 in compensation with a single photo of your boarding pass   Dumping coffee in the bin and being on your phone: Starbucks worker reveals the most irksome customer sins, so how many are YOU guilty of?   True love never gets old: Touching images from around the world capture couples who've stood the test of time   Life on the border: House up for sale where you can live in US and Canada at same time cost $109k but doesn't come with dual citizenship   How well do YOU know your capital cities? Rio is not the capital of Brazil and Geneva isn't Switzerland's, so can you guess what they are?   What police crackdown? Sunburnt British holidaymakers enjoy a LOT of Sangria on party island Majorca as tourists defy orders to behave and run through the streets NAKED as party season begins   Easyjet pilot asks horrified passengers to VOTE on whether the plane should take off because there was only a '50/50 chance' of both engines working   Howzat, India! TV presenter Michaela Strachan heads to the eclectic country for tigers, the Taj Mahal and top cricket   BA cabin crew CALL off next weekend's four-day pay strike to allow fresh talks to be held    No queues, no check-in and no delays: It's time to join the British camping boom, and here's our pick of the best sites   Making an art of Nordic cool: Inside The Thief hotel in Oslo, a modern gem with guests including Selena Gomez   Follow Anne all the way to Green Gables: A rambling tour of the Canadian island where the famed novel was written   Freewheeling in the birthplace of the bicycle: A discovery of the German town which revolutionised transport   Two Britons are quizzed by police in Majorca for 'encouraging tourists to make fake food poisoning claims'   From soaking amid snowy mountains to vast oceanfront jacuzzis: The world's most spectacular hot tubs revealed   Chile's wild frontiers: Desert, glaciers, soaring peaks - this country's a natural wonder    An Inspector Calls: easyJet's budget hotel in London earns itself a VERY scathing review   Through the royal keyhole: Inside the $7,000-a-night  luxury hotel suite where Prince Harry dried off from his Sydney drenching, with incredible views of the harbour and Opera House   Ryanair leaves passengers furious as it 'deliberately splits up families who won't pay £22 extra for their seats'    Villa guests' anger as TripAdvisor lets owners review THEM on their personal cleanliness and communication skills   Meet the people doing everything possible to liven up the commute: Comical photos capture the most eccentric passengers ever spotted on public transport   Good call: Artist cleverly transforms scenes using images on his smartphone from TV shows, movies and video games   Welcome to Hamsterville! Rodent family explores squeaky-clean custom-built miniature town that took artists nearly 2,000 hours to build   From the Eiffel Tower to the Hollywood sign, the world-famous landmarks that came VERY close to being demolished   Fascinating unseen archive photographs reveal coach travel through the ages as National Express turns 45   Worth stretching for? From a $14m gold encrusted Rolls Royce to a 26-wheeler with a helipad, the world's most outrageous limousines revealed   From selfies to  bum-pinching, pranksters strike comical poses alongside statues and seemingly bring them to life   The never-ending ski season: One Californian resort has so much snow that it will remain open until AUGUST   Watch out for the piranha plants! The first pictures of Super Nintendo World emerge showing a realistic Mario land set   'It's like drinking Champagne at the top of a volcano': Discovering why Lebanon makes for a superb holiday (even though there is chaos all around, as the tour guides admit)   The terrifying moment a reef shark attacks a spearfisherman and leaves him with a gaping leg wound   Forget silver linings... how about a MULTI-COLOURED one? Ultra-rare 'fire rainbow' spotted in clouds in California   From a Best Western at the Grand Canyon to a four-star at Heathrow: The world's most-booked hotels revealed   From sheep's eyeballs to bull's penises: One travel writer reveals the most stomach-churning dishes she's ever eaten The biggest gardening project ever? Couple spend 26 years replanting a RAINFOREST (with before and after pictures revealing that they definitely have green fingers)    The world is my stage! Comical photos capture dramatic performances from critters around the animal kingdom   From tree-dangling 'pods' to CLIFF EDGE tents: The world's most extreme (and magical) camping spots revealed   Barnacles and all! Humpback whales are captured close-up in mesmerising photo series   Think the camera never lies? Eye-opening behind-the-scenes shots reveal the secrets to those 'perfect' photographs   Heathrow under the hammer! Body scanners, baggage carousels and escalators to go to the highest bidder in Terminal 1 auction Stargaze while you fly! The $100m private jet designed by hypercar maker Pagani which features a hi-tech ceiling that projects live views of the outside   The cruise ship with the biggest capacity in the world revealed: MSC vessel will host a record-breaking 6,850 passengers (that's 70 more than Harmony of the Seas can carry)    All aboard the excess express! House of Cards author Michael Dobbs rails to Venice in ultimate luxury   After 32 islands, I've found my Caribbean champion: Biographer Hunter Davies falls for Bequia's old-fashioned charm   The Crafty Traveller: What you can rescue from the BA meltdown, including hotel expenses up to £200   How Yosemite in the winter is the coolest time of year to visit with no mosquitoes and hardly any tourists A Dame Joan river cruise? It's glamour all the way, darling! Dynasty star turns godmother to new boat and joins passengers on maiden voyage   An Inspector Calls: Mimi's in the heart of London's Soho requires some fancy footwork in the bedroom   Summer camp champs: Pack the children off America-style - they'll have the time of their lives   To the infinity pool and beyond: New hotel opens in Dubai with the most Instagram-worthy sun-loungers in the city   The greatest archaeological site ever? Chicago Tribune building is studded with relics from all over the world   Can YOU guess where these stunning coastal landscapes are? Most people are getting the countries they're in completely wrong   Lofty conversion: Inside the world's first treehouse... on a CRANE (and you can stay in it for £185)   Visitor numbers to Disneyland Paris and the Louvre drop by up to 15% in wake of terrorist attacks   Dancing robot waitresses, mermaids in a tank behind the till and IV bag cocktails: The world's wackiest bars revealed   'Can the engines be turned off? My head is sore': Weird and wonderful plane passenger requests and questions revealed... by cabin crew   Japan's answer to Walt Disney announces sprawling anime theme park based on My Neighbor Totoro that will be three times bigger than Disneyland Paris Skiing in suits and formidable pet goats: Enchanting images reveal a simpler (and better-dressed) way of life in early 20th-century Norway   Don't say cheese! Swiss village will fine tourists if they take photos in a bid to get them to focus on the beautiful scenery rather than social media   Europe's biggest cruise ship gets Champagne send-off by President Macron: The 1,000ft-long MSC Meraviglia sets off on its maiden voyage after €892m construction job    The doors are open but no one's home: The eeriest ghost towns around the world revealed   From mist-shrouded castles to epic rolling vineyards: Exploring the wild and wonderful west of Sicily    Burning pits of gas and rainbow-coloured hot springs: Lonely Planet reveals the top 50 mind-blowing natural wonders of the world   Toilet checks every 30 minutes, tiny Harry Potter-style beds and drunk marriage proposals: A380 cabin crew reveal the ups and downs of long-haul flights   Then and now: Tourist snaps from the early era of photography chart how much the world's most iconic travel destinations have changed   Summer, I'm ready for you! People around the world share their jubilant snaps as they rejoice in the sunshine Emirates faces furious backlash after banning its staff from wearing the Taiwanese flag on their uniforms 'on the orders of the Chinese government'   Expect delays! Mocking scenes of traffic chaos get top votes in photo contest intended to show the natural beauty of a rural community   The TRUTH behind the tiger selfie: Undercover tourists capture footage of big cats being jabbed with metal sticks to make them roar for photos 'Some dodgy characters': Fascinating postcards from yesteryear (and their deadpan messages) revealed as research shows that MILLENNIALS are reviving the tradition of sending them The Swede life: Discovering just why Johnny Depp chose Stockholm's Grand Hotel to get over his messy divorce   LATEST TRAVEL NEWS Tourists warned as Goa taxi protest turns violent Parliament to debate cost of term-time holidays New Brazil yoga retreats for World Cup widows Outer Hebrides boasts stunning airport approach Lewis Hamilton to star in Top Gear festival Thailand set to lose £1.6bn in tourism revenue 14% of Brits abroad refuse to speak local dialect Egypt bombing: New FCO advice to UK tourists India to cut red tape and issue visas on arrival Qatar Airways' new all-business class flights Rise in British travellers visiting Germany Brits rate cuisine as essential part of holiday London to Glasgow train to host comedy gig British sounds in £2.5m tourism advert Two-fifths of parents would risk term-time trip         TravelMail Partners   Free prepaid MasterCard for your Euros or Dollars   Save up to 85% on phone calls on holiday Next story Living the real high life in Amsterdam... thanks to a new swanky hotel in the heart of the city's Unesco-rated canal district 6 comments Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home Opinion India Cities Mumbai Pune Delhi Indore Bhopal Ujjain World Business Money Matters PR Corporate Corner Events Corner Product Launches Wire News Business Wire India PR Newswire Press Release Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Movie Reviews Movie Trailers Sports Cricket Football Features Infographics Interviews Personal Finance Education Lifestyle Book Reviews Weekend Peace of Mind Whats’s Up Food Travel FPJ Initiatives India and its neighbours FPJ FORUM TEDx Gateway The FPJ Management Scholarship FPJ Management Scholarship Awards FPJ Anniversary R.E.T.A.I.L Uber Retailer Uber Stories Uber Review Uber Spotlight Uber Guide Epaper Menu Home Opinion India Cities + Mumbai Pune Delhi Indore Bhopal Ujjain World Business + Money Matters PR Corporate Corner Events Corner Product Launches Wire News Business Wire India PR Newswire Press Release Entertainment + Bollywood Hollywood Television Movie Reviews Movie Trailers Sports + Cricket Football Features + Infographics Interviews Personal Finance Education Lifestyle Book Reviews Weekend Peace of Mind Whats’s Up Food Travel FPJ Initiatives + India and its neighbours FPJ FORUM TEDx Gateway The FPJ Management Scholarship FPJ Management Scholarship Awards FPJ Anniversary R.E.T.A.I.L Uber Retailer Uber Stories Uber Review Uber Spotlight Uber Guide Epaper Trending Now #KritikaChaudhary #LondonFire #Farmers #Darjeeling #QatarCrisis #BabriMasjid #CattleBan #ChampionsTrophy #GST #KulbhushanJadhav Home / India / Indian Navy searches for Mexican woman cadet who fell overboard Indian Navy searches for Mexican woman cadet who fell overboard — By IANS | Jun 12, 2017 06:15 pm FOLLOW US: Mumbai: The Indian Navy has launched a massive search operation for a woman cadet who reportedly fell overboard from the Mexican Sail Training Ship, STS Cuauhtemoc, an official said on Monday.  The incident occurred around 2 p.m. on Sunday, about 560 nautical miles west of Goa, as the vessel was sailing to Mumbai. According to information, the woman cadet had not donned life-saving gear when she fell overboard. Following an alert, the Indian Navy deployed a Boeing P8I aircraft, which undertook sorties from 9 to 11 p.m. on Sunday, and resumed them from 6.30 a.m. on Monday till 10.30 a.m. Also read: Indian Navy, medical teams join Sri Lanka flood rescue operations; death toll reaches 193 Indian Navy Ship Teg, which was en route to Mumbai from Port Louis in Mauritius has been diverted to the area and likely to reach there by 6 p.m. on Monday to join the search. Meanwhile, INS Mysore with two integral helicopters on board set sail from here on Monday afternoon and will reach the spot by 8 p.m. on Tuesday to join the search. Setting sail from Egypt’s Port Said, STS Cuauhtemoc is scheduled to visit Mumbai June 21-26 before departing for Singapore. Share this Post: « Previous Article ISSF World Cup: Jitu Rai, Heena Sidhu bag gold in Mixed Team 10m Air Pistol event Next Article » Champions Trophy 2017: We want to play with a free mind, says skipper Mortaza Tagged with: Boeing P8I aircraft indian navy Indian Navy Ship Teg Mexican Sail Training Ship Mexican Woman Cadet MUmbai search operation STS Cuauhtemoc JUST ARRIVED Modi condoles death of former CJI Bhagwati In Pictures: Amit Shah arrives in Mumbai for some important reasons. Find out why Presidential Election 2017: Rajnath, Venkaiah Naidu met Congress President Sonia Gandhi When they lost it! 10 Bollywood celebrities who were victims of robbery EU, UK fix date to begin Brexit negotiations EDITOR’S PICK Politicians let down Tamil Nadu badly It is sad to see the depths to which Tamil Nadu has sunk politically after the sudden demise of J… Pakistan deserves stronger tit for tat The Pakistan government was not accustomed to India paying back for ceasefire violations with ferocity. During the UPA regime, the… BJP’s cultural agenda to hit regional parties What is wrong with being a Gujarati, Marathi, Manipuri, Kashmiri, Telugu, Tamilian, Bengali, or for that matter a Malayali? Does… Battle cry against Pakistan in TV studios An extremely hawkish defence policy is shaping up against Pakistan in our TV studios. Or at least a false national… India must wake up to obesity among kids India has the second highest number of obese children in the world after China, according to a study that has… Home About Us Authors Careers Disclaimer Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise with us Archive RSS © Copyright Indian National Press (Bombay) Private Limited 2017. All Rights Reserved.
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com News National Search operations for crew of Mexican Navy Ship underway Search operations for crew of Mexican Navy Ship underway Source : Last Updated: Mon, Jun 12, 2017 18:02 hrs [India], June 12 (ANI): The Indian Navy has launched a "Search and Rescue" operation to look for a lady cadet who has reportedly fallen overboard from Mexican Sail Training Ship (STS) Cuauhtemoc, at 14:00 hours yesterday in position about 560 Nm west of Goa. It has been reported that the lady cadet was not donning life saving gear when she fell overboard. Promptly responding to the alert, Boeing P8I aircraft sorties were undertaken from 21:00 hours - 23:00 hours and 06:30 hours - 10:30 hours on June 11 and June 12 respectively for SAR. IN Ship TEG which was enroute to Mumbai from Port Louis, Mauritius has been diverted and is likely to arrive in the area at 1800 hrs on 12 Jun 17. Additionally, IN Ship Mysore (with two integral helicopters) has sailed from Mumbai AM 12 Jun 17 and is likely to arrive in the area at 2000 hrs on 13 Jun 17 for SAR operations. No success has been reported yet on sighting / recovery of the lady cadet. The Mexican sail Ship is scheduled to visit Mumbai from 21 - 26 Jun 17. The last port of call of the ship was Port Said, Egypt and the next port of call is Singapore. (ANI) SEARCH More from Sify: talking point on sify news Latest Features Digital India 'Digital India' or the doomsday device! Media under pressure Modi-fying bilateral relations: PM's four-nation Europe tour 'Mor' about law! About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com News Others Indian Navy searches for Mexican woman cadet who fell overboard Indian Navy searches for Mexican woman cadet who fell overboard Source : Last Updated: Mon, Jun 12, 2017 17:40 hrs Mumbai, June 12 (IANS) The Indian Navy has launched a massive search operation for a woman cadet who reportedly fell overboard from the Mexican Sail Training Ship, STS Cuauhtemoc, an official said on Monday. The incident occurred around 2 p.m. on Sunday, about 560 nautical miles west of Goa, as the vessel was sailing to Mumbai. According to information, the woman cadet had not donned life-saving gear when she fell overboard. Following an alert, the Indian Navy deployed a Boeing P8I aircraft, which undertook sorties from 9 to 11 p.m. on Sunday, and resumed them from 6.30 a.m. on Monday till 10.30 a.m. Indian Navy Ship Teg, which was en route to Mumbai from Port Louis in Mauritius has been diverted to the area and likely to reach there by 6 p.m. on Monday to join the search. Meanwhile, INS Mysore with two integral helicopters on board set sail from here on Monday afternoon and will reach the spot by 8 p.m. on Tuesday to join the search. Setting sail from Egypt's Port Said, STS Cuauhtemoc is scheduled to visit Mumbai June 21-26 before departing for Singapore. --IANS qn/vd SEARCH More from Sify: talking point on sify news Latest Features Digital India 'Digital India' or the doomsday device! Media under pressure Modi-fying bilateral relations: PM's four-nation Europe tour 'Mor' about law! About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Financial X-Ray Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Financial X-Ray Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Financial X-Ray Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Financial X-Ray Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #BSTech #GST #BSSpecial News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-IANS » Crime-Disaster-Accident Sushant Singh Rajput's look demanded extensive research, say designers Business Standard Indian Navy searches for Mexican woman cadet who fell overboard IANS  |  Mumbai  June 12, 2017 Last Updated at 17:22 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UWU0DK ALSO READ Indian Navy's all woman sail boat reaches Cape Town Bilateral exercise SIMBEX-17 between Indian Navy, Republic of Singapore Navy commences Indian Navy undertakes war exercise to test combat readiness Mexican woman sentenced to 8 years in prison for US vote fraud Navy's new sailing vessel with all-woman crew reaches Mauritius The Indian Navy has launched a massive search operation for a woman cadet who reportedly fell overboard from the Mexican Sail Training Ship, STS Cuauhtemoc, an official said on Monday. The incident occurred around 2 p.m. on Sunday, about 560 nautical miles west of Goa, as the vessel was sailing to Mumbai. According to information, the woman cadet had not donned life-saving gear when she fell overboard. Following an alert, the Indian Navy deployed a Boeing P8I aircraft, which undertook sorties from 9 to 11 p.m. on Sunday, and resumed them from 6.30 a.m. on Monday till 10.30 a.m. Indian Navy Ship Teg, which was en route to Mumbai from Port Louis in Mauritius has been diverted to the area and likely to reach there by 6 p.m. on Monday to join the search. Meanwhile, INS Mysore with two integral helicopters on board set sail from here on Monday afternoon and will reach the spot by 8 p.m. on Tuesday to join the search. Setting sail from Egypt's Port Said, STS Cuauhtemoc is scheduled to visit Mumbai June 21-26 before departing for Singapore. --IANS qn/vd (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Indian Navy Searches For Mexican Woman Cadet Who Fell Overboard | News-ians | Crime-disaster-accident PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Calculate Your Premium in Seconds and Buy Health Insurance Today Super Saver Health Insurance For Your Family Indian Navy searches for Mexican woman cadet who fell overboard The Indian Navy has launched a massive search operation for a woman cadet who reportedly fell overboard from the Mexican Sail Training Ship, STS Cuauhtemoc, an official said on Monday. The Indian Navy has launched a massive search operation for a woman cadet who reportedly fell overboard from the Mexican Sail Training Ship, STS Cuauhtemoc, an official said on Monday. The incident occurred around 2 p.m. on Sunday, about 560 nautical miles west of Goa, as the vessel was sailing to Mumbai. According to information, the woman cadet had not donned life-saving gear when she fell overboard. Following an alert, the Indian Navy deployed a Boeing P8I aircraft, which undertook sorties from 9 to 11 p.m. on Sunday, and resumed them from 6.30 a.m. on Monday till 10.30 a.m. Indian Navy Ship Teg, which was en route to Mumbai from Port Louis in Mauritius has been diverted to the area and likely to reach there by 6 p.m. on Monday to join the search. Meanwhile, INS Mysore with two integral helicopters on board set sail from here on Monday afternoon and will reach the spot by 8 p.m. on Tuesday to join the search. Setting sail from Egypt's Port Said, STS Cuauhtemoc is scheduled to visit Mumbai June 21-26 before departing for Singapore. --IANS qn/vd (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Indian Navy searches for Mexican woman cadet who fell overboard The Indian Navy has launched a massive search operation for a woman cadet who reportedly fell overboard from the Mexican Sail Training Ship, STS Cuauhtemoc, an official said on Monday. The incident occurred around 2 p.m. on Sunday, about 560 nautical miles west of Goa, as the vessel was sailing to Mumbai. According to information, the woman cadet had not donned life-saving gear when she fell overboard. Following an alert, the Indian Navy deployed a Boeing P8I aircraft, which undertook sorties from 9 to 11 p.m. on Sunday, and resumed them from 6.30 a.m. on Monday till 10.30 a.m. Indian Navy Ship Teg, which was en route to Mumbai from Port Louis in Mauritius has been diverted to the area and likely to reach there by 6 p.m. on Monday to join the search. Meanwhile, INS Mysore with two integral helicopters on board set sail from here on Monday afternoon and will reach the spot by 8 p.m. on Tuesday to join the search. Setting sail from Egypt's Port Said, STS Cuauhtemoc is scheduled to visit Mumbai June 21-26 before departing for Singapore. --IANS qn/vd (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Cricket Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education Health TRENDING# Mandsaur ICC Champions Trophy 2017 Cow Slaughter Exam results 2017 Kulbhushan Jadhav News Business News Search operations for crew of Mexican Navy Ship underway Shares0 Mon, 12 Jun 2017-05:32pm , ANI operation to look for a lady cadet who has reportedly fallen overboard from Mexican Sail Training Ship (STS) Cuauhtemoc, at 14:00 hours yesterday in position about 560 Nm west of Goa. The Indian Navy has launched a ?Search and Rescue? operation to look for a lady cadet who has reportedly fallen overboard from Mexican Sail Training Ship (STS) Cuauhtemoc, at 14:00 hours yesterday in position about 560 Nm west of Goa. It has been reported that the lady cadet was not donning life saving gear when she fell overboard. Promptly responding to the alert, Boeing P8I aircraft sorties were undertaken from 21:00 hours ? 23:00 hours and 06:30 hours ? 10:30 hours on June 11 and June 12 respectively for SAR. IN Ship TEG which was enroute to Mumbai from Port Louis, Mauritius has been diverted and is likely to arrive in the area at 1800 hrs on 12 Jun 17. Additionally, IN Ship Mysore (with two integral helicopters) has sailed from Mumbai AM 12 Jun 17 and is likely to arrive in the area at 2000 hrs on 13 Jun 17 for SAR operations. No success has been reported yet on sighting / recovery of the lady cadet. The Mexican sail Ship is scheduled to visit Mumbai from 21 ? 26 Jun 17. The last port of call of the ship was Port Said, Egypt and the next port of call is Singapore. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Analysis DNA Edit: Breaking the bank Personal Finance The advent of mutual fund SIPs in India Business Gold & Rubies on your wall Business MSTC to list, spark big gains for minority shareholders Personal Finance Set off long-term capital loss with gains Business Interviews for SBI chief's post on June 29 Next Article > Diandra Soares takes a shocking dig at Katrina Kaif, indirectly hints at her plastic surgery! Next node Diandra Soares takes a shocking dig at Katrina Kaif, indirectly hints at her plastic surgery! Related DNA Edit: Breaking the bank ED says Vijay Mallya created 20 shell companies; to confiscate more assets Soon, half of JN Port shipments to come under DPD Zee Business Bad Loans Cleanup Phase 2: Govt says insolvency cases to be resolved within 90 days India's GST launch spawns tech cottage industry for compliance RBI's reduction in risk weight of home loans credit negative for banks GST will not hurt second quarter sales, retailers say Video WATCH| Karachi shocker: Man arrested for driving pet lion through streets! WATCH: Lilly Singh aka Superwoman gives a hilarious geography lesson for racists WATCH | Aleppo boy who became face of Syrian war looks healthy and happy in this new video! View all Tags Mumbai Boeing Egypt Goa Mauritius Navy Port Louis Port Said Singapore Boeing P8I Cuauhtemoc SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Australia to hold first nationwide gun amnesty in 21 years Myanmar editor facing trial for posting satirical article 'Happy Mrs Jung-sook' begins work as S.Korea's first lady among equals U.S. acts to seize stolen assets, Picasso in probe of 1MDB 'Happy Mrs Jung-sook' begins works as S.Korea's first lady among equals Sports Golf-Fowler prefers his followers on leaderboard not social media Soccer-Sterling expects Man City to 'punish' opponents Agar in, Strac and O'Keefe out for Bangladesh tour Rugby-Western Force warrior Hodgson retires after 'toughest year' Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Friday, June 16 Entertainment Katrina Kaif is going to give tough competition to Salman Khan in Tiger Zinda Hai. And here is the proof Colbert wants Jackman to play him in a movie on Trump probe ?Inside Edge'-trailer-invite-is-all-about-love-passion-and-courage Salman Khan and Kris from Cartoon Network share 5 invaluable life lessons for kids! Reese Witherspoon goes on an adventure trip with son Deacon Business Sensex struggles to keep early momentum, IT a drag Indian rape victim sues Uber, its CEO for unlawfully obtaining More airlines ban TDP MP Reddy; minister orders probe Infosys appoints Karmesh Vaswani as Global Head of Retail & Nitesh Lead futures extend gains, up 0.11% on strong demand Partner Sites: Zee News Hindi News Marathi News Bengali News Tamil News Malayalam News Zee Business WION ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple When you crash a Lambo in Qatar, these are the ‘doctors’ that fly out to fix it Ronan Glon Digital Trends June 12, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share lamborghini flying doctors 96a5428More Lamborghini Your friendly neighborhood body repair shop won’t help if you crash a Lamborghini Aventador. The super-fast, V12-powered machine is built around a monocoque made entirely out of carbon fiber, and many of its body panels are also crafted from the lightweight material. Repairing carbon fiber presents a unique set of challenges. It can’t be welded or banged back into shape, and no amount of body filler will cover up a crack. So, what happens when one of them gets wrapped around a palm tree? Anticipating the demand for quality repairs all over the world, Lamborghini teamed up with research partner Boeing and created a team of on-demand mechanics called Flying Doctors. Digital Trends went behind the scenes for a look at what happens when a car needs to be mended in a faraway corner of the globe. Only the best “You can’t fly a broken plane, right? Technicians travel to wherever it’s stuck and fix it on-location. We decided to do the same thing with our cars,” explains Attilio Masini, Lamborghini’s head of materials technology and manufacturing engineering. The program was announced shortly after the Aventador made its debut in early 2011. lamborghini flying doctors 96a5571More Lamborghini There are only four Flying Doctors at the factory. They’re all certified to repair damaged aeronautic composite components by the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA). That means they know carbon fiber well enough to rebuild an airliner like the 787 Dreamliner if needed. It’s not all about repair skills, though. The job also requires a tremendous amount of patience, and the ability to work well under pressure. Making contact, mending contact The Flying Doctors are summoned by a dealer, not by a customer. For example, imagine you go straight where the road turns left and your prized Aventador S ends up crumpled up like a recycled can of pop. The Flying Doctors will examine pictures of the damage and a report with details of the crash before deciding whether the car can be repaired. If it’s salvageable, they commission a third-party company to perform a non-destructive inspection (NDI) in order to understand the extent of the damage, and provide an estimate. They fly out only when the dealer receives the green light from the owner. Lamborghini stores chests that contain the tools required for carbon fiber repair in strategic locations around the globe. Some are in the United States, others in the Middle East, and a few in Asia. The gear that can’t be easily stored for – various reasons – follows the Doctors everywhere they go, and the carbon fiber is kept in an icebox at about zero degrees Fahrenheit until it’s ready to be used. “Carbon fiber is applied in layers, so a damaged component is like an iceberg. The worst of it might be under the surface,” Casper Steenbergen, the head of the Flying Doctors team, tells us. The Flying Doctors use x-rays and ultra-sound technology to get a clear idea of what they’re working with, and how much of the car is really busted. Sometimes, they get lucky and the damage is only superficial. Other times, hairline cracks form in the bottom layers and risk causing much bigger issues down the road. The time it takes to repair a car largely depends on the scope of the damage. Some tasks take a few hours, while others take over a week. Read More Learning the trade We venture into the Flying Doctors’ workshop to get a taste of what their job is like, minus the jet lag and the extreme weather conditions. They show us how to repair a hole in a very basic, rectangular piece of carbon fiber. That’s plenty challenging for a carbon fiber newbie. lamborghini flying doctors 96a5461More Lamborghini The first step is to sand down the area around the damage – so far, it’s like repairing a metal panel. The similarities stop there, however. With the sander out of the way, we begin carefully applying new layers of carbon fiber over the hole one piece at a time. We start with a large round piece that covers the surface we sanded, and gradually add smaller circles. The last layer is about the size of a dime. It sounds simple, but it’s one of those meticulous, measure-twice-and-cut-once jobs. Making a mistake usually means starting over. When you’re in a climate-controlled room, that doesn’t sound so bad; when you’re under the Middle Eastern sun, it’s an atrocious thought. Once all the layers are applied, we cover the part with a thin piece of plastic held in place with double-sided tape. We then use a purpose-built vacuum attachment to suck out air that’s still trapped between the carbon fiber. Air is the enemy of carbon fiber; bubbles baked in between the layers compromise appearance and rigidity. When you make a part out of carbon fiber, it needs to cure in an oven for a few hours before it’s ready to be used. The process is the same when you make a repair, but the Flying Doctors can’t dismantle one of the factory’s ovens and bring it with them. Instead, they put a heating pad over the part and hook it up to a hot bonder that maintains a steady 250 degrees Fahrenheit for at least two hours. The part is then thoroughly checked for structural soundness. What happens next depends on what’s being repaired. Some parts are hidden out of view so they only need minor finishing work. Others need to be painted, clear-coated, or both, before they’re put back on the car. The Flying Doctors have repaired about 45 cars in numerous cities ranging from London to Beijing. When they’re not on the road, they stay busy in the Lamborghini workshop, which is a stone’s throw from the factory in Sant’Agata Bolognese, Italy. They never know where they’ll go next; it’s part of what makes being a frequent-flying, globe-trotting technician one of the most awesome jobs in the world. Space oddity: Flatworm sent into orbit returns to Earth with an extra head The Trak 2.0 is the ultimate touring kayak you can carry on your back Going places in luxury and style? Aston Martin and Hogan have your sneakers Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Nintendo shows off new 'Super Mario Odyssey' and more at E3 2017 Yahoo Tech Google Is Selling Robot Company Boston Dynamics to a Japanese Firm Popular Mechanics All the news we expect from Apple's huge developers conference Yahoo Tech Pogue's Basics: Operate the Windows Ribbon from the keyboard Yahoo Tech Fisker’s Tesla competitor has 400 mile range and charges in just 9 minutes BGR News Microsoft's Xbox Game Pass will end your free time forever Yahoo Tech Microsoft's new Xbox One X is a beast, but faces an uphill battle Yahoo Tech America has slower LTE wireless than Canada or Mexico Yahoo Tech AMD’s Ryzen Threadripper gets its first benchmark results — and it’s fast Digital Trends How the Microsoft Surface Pro compares to Apple's best Yahoo Tech E3 Preview: What to expect from 2017's marquee video game expo Yahoo Tech The big issues we want Apple to address in macOS High Sierra Yahoo Tech New Galaxy Note 8 video leak gives us a closer look at the phone’s killer design BGR News Why Amazon let 4,000 dogs into its Seattle headquarters Yahoo Tech Pogue's Basics: The "Minimize All" keystroke in Windows Yahoo Tech Apple polishes up 23 features in Mac OS High Sierra Yahoo Tech Tesla will begin Model 3 test drives in ‘late 2017’, but there’s a catch BGR News Amazon Echo, Google Home and now, Apple HomePod Yahoo Tech
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In The Irish Times Fri, Jun 16, 2017 The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Companies Transport & Tourism Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Businessperson Awards Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Profits at SMBC Aviation Captial up 48% Irish aircraft leasing specialist has interest in 670 aircraft worth a total of $10 billion Mon, Jun 12, 2017, 12:07 Barry O'Halloran SMBC buys aircraft from manufacturers such as Boeing and Airbus, and leases them to airlines         Aircraft leasing specialist SMBC Aviation Capital may issue a further bond this year to follow 2016’s $500 million fund raising, according to chief executive, Peter Barrett. SMBC said on Monday that pre-tax profits grew 48 per cent to $346 million in the 12 months ended March 31st from $233 million during the same period in 2015-16. Speaking after it published its results, Mr Barrett noted that the company borrowed $500 million through a five-year bond issue last July and could contemplate raising further cash in this way in 2017. “The timing is going to depend on the market and our needs,” he said. SMBC pledged to pay 2.65 per cent on the bonds that it issued last July. Mr Barrett pointed out that interest rates have increased slightly since then. At the same time, ratings agency Fitch has upgraded SMBC to triple A status from triple B+, meaning that it believes there is only a minimal risk of the Irish company defaulting, which implies that the markets should be happier to charge it less interest. SMBC’s revenue for the 12 months to the end of March increased 11 per cent to $1.16 billion from $1.03 billion the previous year. The company generated an operating surplus of $661 million. On March 31 2017 SMBC had an interest in 670 aircraft worth a total of $10 billion. The company did 111 deals during the 12-month period, including delivering new generation Airbus and Boeing aircraft to its airline customers. Important market SMBC buys aircraft from manufacturers such as Boeing and Airbus and leases them to airlines in Europe, the Americas and Asia. During the year, it South Korean carrier Asiana’s first Airbus A350XWB. Mr Barrett said that while growth was strong in Asia, business increased in most of its regions. It provided craft to Avianca in Colombia and Air Europa in Spain. It has also been supplying Airbus A320 neo’s to Scandinavian carrier, SAS, which was renewing its fleet. “However, Asia will continue to b e an important market,” Mr Barrett said, adding that this was where populations and economies are growing at their strongest rate. He acknowledged that the UK’s decision to leave the EU and crises such as Qatar’s rift with its neighbours were risks, but pointed out that the spread of SMBC’s operations meant that the company regularly encountered problems. “Last year it was Turkey and two years ago it was Russia, ” he said. “But Russia has paid off and is doing pretty well for us now.” In a statement, Mr Barrett, described 2017 as another year of strong financial and operational growth. He added that the Irish lessor’s relationship with its Japanese parent, Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group and Sumitomo Corporation continued to grow. “Our strategy, combined with our leading market position and supportive shareholders, ensures that we are well placed for the future,” he said.       Topics: Peter Barrett Eu Air Europa Airbus Asiana Avianca Boeing Fitch SAS Group Sumitomo Sumitomo Mitsui Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Asia Colombia Europe Qatar Russia Spain Turkey United Kingdom Read More Ryanair lowers fares and market guidance for next year’s profits Ryanair offers to take over Alitalia’s short-haul business Deal with Chinese province Guangdong set to boost Irish trade Lufthansa to add fourth Dublin-Frankfurt flight Revenue up but no 2016 profit for firm providing Ryanair crew Flybe swings to loss due to slowing consumer demand Norwegian’s Irish flights to proceed despite delay with new aircraft British Airways ‘working hard’ to compensate grounded passengers Stobart Air to add jet aircraft to fleet as part of €25m expansion Iarnród Éireann ‘nearly insolvent’ due to losses  Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Financial Services Big read: Irish banks plot loan sales as ECB turns up heat Work ‘Lack of worker engagement is a real risk factor for business’ Gaelic Games Jackie Tyrrell: Waterford are nice, you’d want your sister going out with one of them Ireland Cycle Series: Bloomin’ great route in the midlands Sponsored Mater Private launches same-day appointment service To give your business a boost, ask more of your payroll provider A new whiskey story: from father to son Business Achievers allows Ulster Bank reboot business support Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE GO BACK The account details entered are not currently associated with an Irish Times subscription. Please subscribe to sign in to comment. Comment Sign In I agree to the Terms & Conditions, community standards and Privacy Policy SIGN IN Forgot password? Thank you You should receive instructions for resetting your password. When you have reset your password, you can Sign In. Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Screen Name Selection Hello Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Only letters, numbers, periods and hyphens are allowed in screen names. CONFIRM Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE Forgot Password Please enter your email address so we can send you a link to reset your password. SUBMIT Sign In Your Comments Sign In Sign Out We reserve the right to remove any content at any time from this Community, including without limitation if it violates the Community Standards. We ask that you report content that you in good faith believe violates the above rules by clicking the Flag link next to the offending comment or by filling out this form. New comments are only accepted for 3 days from the date of publication. Latest Business Google braced for potential €1bn fine from EU antitrust case 08:04 Tesco reports strongest quarterly sales in seven years 07:26 Applegreen appoints new chief financial officer 07:20 ‘Lack of worker engagement is a real risk factor for business’ 07:00 Oil sits near half-year lows as global supply overhang weighs 06:44 Most Read in Business 1 ‘Don’t come to Dublin. It’s a rip-off,’ says tourism expert 2 Five questions to ask about corporate culture 3 Big read: Irish banks plot loan sales as ECB turns up heat 4 Ireland is second most expensive EU state for goods and services 5 Anglo-Irish Treaty could be a blueprint to solve Brexit bill impasse 6 The final reckoning for the Brexit shambles will be ugly 7 Applegreen appoints new chief financial officer 8 When will the State get serious on corporate governance? 9 AIB settled Citigroup dispute over Rusnak at fraction of $872m claim 10 Oil sits near half-year lows as global supply overhang weighs Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE News - direct to your inbox Which Daily Digest would you like? Morning Lunchtime Both Google ID Name Surname Email Sign Up Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper Subscriber Rewards Subscriber Tour Breaking news app IT Sunday My Account eBooks Email Newsletters Crossword Club Newspaper Archive Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Fri 16/6/2017 News Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit Sport Lions Tour Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations Subscriber Tour Explore the features of your subscription Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism My Account Manage your account IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters China Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading China Eastern flight’s near-disaster is second Airbus A332 incident in a month and 26th this year  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating 100 Top Tables Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby HK Sevens Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Belt and Road Initiative Chief executive election 2017 Sino-US relations Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter News›China China Eastern flight’s near-disaster is second Airbus A332 incident in a month and 26th this year EgyptAir aborted take-off in May due to similar hole-in-engine problem. There have been 26 incidents involving same plane model so far this year PUBLISHED : Monday, 12 June, 2017, 3:28pm UPDATED : Monday, 12 June, 2017, 6:49pm Comments:   Liu Zhen zhen.liu@scmp.com Share PrintEmail More on this story Society Shock as China Eastern passengers see engine hole after landing 13 Jun 2017 The engine trouble that caused a China Eastern Airlines flight to make an emergency landing in Australia on Sunday came after a similar incident involving the same type of Airbus just four weeks ago. In May, an EgyptAir flight from Cairo to Beijing with 211 people on board aborted its take-off because of similar damage to its engine. It was the same Airbus A330-200 jet airliner – also known as the A332 – with the same Trent 772 engine made by Rolls-Royce, that was involved in the China Eastern incident. The aircraft was safely brought to a halt and passengers disembarked normally, according to the Aviation Herald website. China’s answer to Airbus, Boeing completes Shanghai maiden flight Photos of the incident showing a huge hole torn in the engine’s cowling, or cover, are similar to those taken of the China Eastern plane. Egyptian media reports said the aircraft had experienced engine failure. On Sunday, China Eastern Airlines flight MU736 from Sydney to Shanghai had to make an emergency landing 40 minutes after take-off. The crew shut down the left-side engine and reported the damage. The crew had reported an engine problem as it was ascending after take-off. No one was injured in the incident. In 2017 alone there have been at least 26 incidents worldwide involving this model of wide-body plane, which can carry up to 335 people – eight of which were engine problems, according to aviation statistics site Aeroinside.com. Three types of engines are available for the A330-200 – the General Electric CF6, Pratt & Whitney PW4000, and the Rolls-Royce Trent 700 series. There were 601 of the A332 aircraft in operation worldwide as at May 31, and 38 of the A332F models, according to Airbus. China Eastern plane slides off runway after landing at Hong Kong International Airport in downpour In China, the A332 is used by China Eastern Airlines, which has 30, Air China has 30, China Southern Airlines has 16, Hainan Airlines 8, and Sichuan Airlines 6. China Eastern Airlines told the South China Morning Post they were still investigating the cause of the incident and would make a decision on how to proceed once they knew more. Airbus China said in a statement: “We have been in close contact with the engine manufacturer Rolls-Royce in order to identify the nature of the incident. In the meantime, we will fully support the investigation into the incident.” China at a Glance Get updates direct to your inbox E-mail * By registering you agree to our T&Cs & Privacy Policy Thank youYou are on the list.   Most Popular Viewed 1 China billionaire Wu Xiaohui reportedly under probe 2 Self-denial for Hongkongers to say they’re not Chinese 3 North Korea releases US student jailed for stealing poster 4 ‘I trafficked women at a famous Hong Kong nightclub’ 5 Pictures show hundreds of phones running a WeChat ‘click farm’ Shared 1 China billionaire Wu Xiaohui reportedly under probe 2 North Korea releases US student jailed for stealing poster 3 ‘I trafficked women at a famous Hong Kong nightclub’ 4 Pictures show hundreds of phones running a WeChat ‘click farm’ 5 How the gravy train chugs along in China’s funding drought Commented 1 Self-denial for Hongkongers to say they’re not Chinese 2 Hong Kong must stop living in the past 3 Why Hong Kong still has the edge over Singapore, London 4 Hong Kong is failing to adapt to changing times, technology 5 Uber issue is about politics, not about defying regulation Promotions Order your FREE copy of AT YOUR SERVICE 2017 Get your FREE LuxeHomes Property Outlook 2017 now!       You may also like Hong Kong A bird’s-eye view of claustrophobic Hong Kong living Jun 13th 2017, 10:45pm Shift towards vegetarian diet identified as a major food trend In partnership with: HKT PREMIER Opinion Why US$50 oil is at the heart of the Saudi-Qatar conflict 12 Jun 2017 - 11:05am 1 Learning how to give back Sponsored by: English Schools Foundation Banking & Finance In Hong Kong, the new look of success is lean and sculpted 12 Jun 2017 - 9:42am 9 Society ‘I trafficked women at a famous Hong Kong nightclub’ 11 Jun 2017 - 5:33pm 15 Politics Pulling a fast one: Indonesian bars serving in Ramadan 11 Jun 2017 - 1:14pm 5 China White people wanted: a peek into China’s ‘rent a foreigner’ industry 11 Jun 2017 - 9:37am 58 Hong Kong A daring plan to save world’s smallest porpoise 12 Jun 2017 - 3:38am 1 Hong Kong Should public transport be free when air pollution is high? 11 Jun 2017 - 12:03am 10 Society Malaysian ministry mixed up about ‘gender confusion’ 10 Jun 2017 - 1:17pm 9 Hong Kong Why self-destructive squaddie is perfect metaphor for Hong Kong 13 Jun 2017 - 3:05pm 7 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Trending How much Vodacom bosses are paid Bitcoin tumbles most in more than two years Jabu Moleketi is new Vodacom chairman Smartphone sales in SA, rest of Africa tank Slack sale could value start-up at $9bn Court orders probe into grants fiasco Quantum computing is here, and it’s set to change everything Photos: Inside Facebook’s new African HQ About Contact RSS Facebook Twitter Google+ Navigate News World In-depth Podcasts Opinion BACKSPACE Newsletter Advertise You are at:Home»World»Elon Musk’s SpaceX joins the military World Elon Musk’s SpaceX joins the military By Agency Staff 12 June 2017 No Comments Twitter Facebook Google+ A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket blasts off Not long ago, SpaceX founder Elon Musk cracked what he once labelled a monopoly for US defence department space launches, successfully breaking into a business that was dominated by United Launch Alliance. The DOD’s appetite for space access is voracious, given the myriad reconnaissance, defence and communications roles there, coupled with a future where conflicts are almost certain to involve space assets. Musk’s 2014 lawsuit against the government was settled out of court and the Pentagon certified SpaceX as a suitable supplier of military space launches. SpaceX’s first gig for the military was in May when it launched a satellite for the National Reconnaissance Office. But in a very public sense, Musk and the government this summer will test the theory that cheaper space launches are suitable for sensitive military missions. SpaceX’s new role as a military contractor is a key source of income for Musk’s company and supplements its Nasa contracts for resupply missions to the International Space Station In August, SpaceX will carry one of the Pentagon’s premiere yet highly classified platforms into orbit. The X-37B spy craft, an unmanned miniature version of the Space Shuttle, logs missions that are well over a year in length. The most recent X-37B sojourn ended in May after more than 700 days circling the Earth. Boeing has built two of the craft, with the first launched in 2010. The August blastoff will be the programme’s fifth flight.One major reason for SpaceX’s appeal to Pentagon brass: sticker price. With its launches starting around US$61m, Musk’s company has been able to undercut its more established rival. United Launch Alliance, a Colorado-based joint venture of Boeing and Lockheed Martin, boasts an unblemished record of more than 100 launches, but it’s still working to bring its cost below $100m. It plans to do so by 2019. On Friday, ULA’s president and chief executive, Salvatore “Tory” Bruno, said on Twitter that his company wanted to compete for the X-37B launch but wasn’t given a chance to do so. “ULA remains fully committed to continuing to support America’s national security missions with world-class launch services,” spokeswoman Jessica Rye said in an e-mail. A SpaceX spokesman, John Taylor, referred inquires to the Air Force, which didn’t respond to requests for comment. Cost comparison ULA officials, while touting their record, also argue that the cost comparison isn’t so simple because it provides the DOD redundant platforms and other launch systems, with both its Atlas and Delta rockets, to ensure launch readiness at any time — something its rivals do not. SpaceX’s new role as a military contractor is a key source of income for Musk’s company and supplements its Nasa contracts for resupply missions to the International Space Station. Its far more ambitious plan, flying astronauts to the ISS, is set for next year. In February, SpaceX said it would also fly two private space tourists around the moon in 2018, though it didn’t disclose their identities or how much they have paid for the trip.  — Reported by Justin Bachman, (c) 2017 Bloomberg LP Boeing Elon Musk SpaceX United Launch Alliance X-37B Twitter Facebook Google+ Previous ArticleMicrosoft unveils ‘hardcore’ Xbox One X Next Article Uber executives’ fates uncertain Related Posts Bitcoin tumbles most in more than two years Slack sale could value start-up at $9bn The Pirate Bay in peril after court ruling Like on Facebook Follow on Google+ Follow on Twitter Enter your e-mail address to subscribe to our newsletter: © 2009 - 2017 NewsCentral Media Subscribe to our free daily newsletter Receive the best South African technology news and analysis in your inbox each morning. Simply click here to subscribe. (We won’t send you spam or share your e-mail address.) ×
National Politics Business Sports Editorial Entertainment Features Opinion Columns Broken Tongues Capital Matters Duro Onabule Femi Adesina Frank Talk Funke Egbemode Insights Kalu Leadership Series Offside Musings PressClips Public Sphere Ralph Egbu Sideview The Flipside – Eric Osagie Turf Game Views from Abroad Diabetes Corner Thoughts & Talks Tola Adeniyi Menu National Politics Business Sports Editorial Entertainment Features Opinion Columns + Broken Tongues Capital Matters Duro Onabule Femi Adesina Frank Talk Funke Egbemode Insights Kalu Leadership Series Offside Musings PressClips Public Sphere Ralph Egbu Sideview The Flipside – Eric Osagie Turf Game Views from Abroad Diabetes Corner Thoughts & Talks Tola Adeniyi Latest 12th June 2017 - How Nigerians can tap into $5.2trn aviation marketplace 12th June 2017 - Checking e-fraud in Nigerian banks 12th June 2017 - The power sector under Buhari 12th June 2017 - To Rochas Okorocha 12th June 2017 - Igbos and the Northern Youths’ threat 12th June 2017 - Between Shehu Shema & Sule Lamido 11th June 2017 - Dalung summons NFF technical committee over Eagles flop 11th June 2017 - Stop relying solely on foreign based players –Chukwu 11th June 2017 - Eagles’ll roar against Lions, Rohr assures 11th June 2017 - Uyo fallout: players beg Nigerians Home / Business / How Nigerians can tap into $5.2trn aviation marketplace How Nigerians can tap into $5.2trn aviation marketplace — 12th June 2017 Stories by Louis Ibah THe aviation industry has proven to be a critical tool for the economic development of various countries with huge impacts on tourism, ICT, trade and commerce, and job creation.   In fact a report by the Air Transport Action Group, compiled in association with Oxford Economics, shows that the industry supports 63 million jobs and is responsible for 35 per cent of world trade by value. It should be noted that airlines alone have consistently generated a turnover in excess of $700 billion per annum over the last five years, and reported profit over $30 billion per annum on the average over the last five years. In this same industry, the airline and aircraft Maintenance Repairs and Overhaul (MRO) Organisation are expected to generate in excess of $1.8 trillion dollars over the next 20 years, this turnover excludes upgrade services. Other service providers in the aviation and aerospace industry such as Boeing, Airbus, General Electric, Pratt and Whitney and Honeywell among others will generate far in excess of these in their capacity as Aerospace & Aircraft Original Equipment Manufacturers. Sadly, with about 0.4 per cent contribution to Nigeria’s GDP amid an abundant but dormant potential for growth,  Nigeria and Nigerians are yet to get adequate dividend from the aviation industry. Worried by Nigeria’s low returns from the global aviation market valued at about $5.2trillion, stakeholders in the industry are now calling for increased funding from the public and private sectors to assist unlock the country’s aviation sector potentials for national growth. The forum held over the weekend in Lagos, had stakeholders comprising airline owners, airport owners and managers (federal and state owned), ground handling firms, air traffic controllers, aircraft manufacturers,  aviation college teachers, aviation security experts and regulators among others in attendance. “There is a clandestine plan to frustrate the growth of the Nigerian aviation industry; to frustrate Nigerians benefiting from what is happening globally in the industry, frustrate local airlines and job creation for Nigerian workers,” said Chairman/CEO of Air Peace, Mr. Allen Onyema at the forum. Onyema who chaired the forum alleged that there was a conspiracy to stifle the growth of the Nigerian industry to benefit some neighbouring African nation’s and their foreign partners. He warned that government and regulatory agencies should step up efforts to stem the various acts of sabotage by foreign interests against the Nigerian aviation industry if the country is to derive the inherent benefits. Onyema cited the case of Ethiopia that used it’s aviation sector to resuscitate and keep its economy going, noting that Nigeria had the human and financial expertise to surpass Ethiopia, Kenya, and South African aviation industries if the right investment conditions are created. There are areas  creating massive leakages and which required urgent attention if Nigeria is to benefit from the $5.2trillion global aviation market: the absence of a vibrant national or flag carrier, the absence of aircraft Maintenance Overhaul and Repair (MRO) facilities, as well as the lack of an Aviation Industry Education Policy. Executive Director for Spring Fountain Nigeria Limited, Mrs. Bosede Awolabi, in her speech said while the lack of vibrant airlines and MROs remains a bane to the growth of the Nigerian industry, the absence of the Aviation Education Policy was responsible for the inability of Nigerians to derive full dividend   from the $5.2trillion global aviation market. She said at present  Ethiopia with just nine airports as against the 20 in Nigeria, has 1,803 actively employed pilots and 5,319 aviation engineers as against Nigeria’s 554  active pilots and 913 engineers.                                                                 “The Ethiopian government made a deliberate attempt through its policy to ensure that it’s citizens were trained and also exported. Nigeria has an approved National Education Policy but no National Aviation Education Policy,” said Awolabi. “Aviation is a highly regulated industry globally. Everything you do must be certified internationally including the professionals. Till date, no Nigerian university of polytechnic is certified by even our NCAA to train anybody, and those who have aspirations or dreams go offshore at very expensive cost and this is where the problem lies,” she said. The four leading African aviation countries of Ethiopia, South Africa, Kenya, and Egypt  have all leveraged on their world-class aviation, academic institutions to churn our professionals in various fields that are not just employed locally, but are also working as expatriates and making huge forex remittances to boost their home country economies. Way forward Minister of State for Aviation, Mr. Hadi Sirika was of the view that  experts and aviation stakeholders must meet and chart “the way forward by articulating the best public policy and strategy that will evolve a viable aviation industry and produce for the local and global aviation industry highly skilled and capable Nigerian pilots, engineers, technicians, ICT experts so that citizens can benefit from the global industry.” Said Sirika, “The global aviation industry is worth more than $5.2 trillion dollars and as we are all aware, the aviation industry globally, expects between 5.8 billion and 7.2 billion passengers to travel yearly by the year 2035, a near doubling of the 3.8 billion air travelers in 2016. “The above predicted growth has implications for aviation education and education infrastructure and Nigeria needs to be properly positioned to be beneficiaries of the growth potentials. For this to happen, Nigerian Colleges, Universities and other approved Aviation Training institutions will need to define the policy and strategy that will enable them train and graduate students who will join the global industry to move this quantity of passengers in a safe, secure and satisfactory manner. “I believe that Nigeria as the Giant of Africa can do better. Apart from adequately meeting the human resource requirement in the Nigerian aviation industry, Nigeria and Nigerians can become expatriates in the world aviation industry.  In doing this, Nigeria and Nigerian aviation professionals working in Africa, Asia, Middle East, Europe, America will join the world in earning huge foreign Exchange and making Diaspora remittances. Employment in the Aviation industry is expected to  remain stable over the next 20 years and beyond. Nigerians who are well educated and well trained can be better positioned to join the world in the world global Aviation market place to offer quality services and thus contribute to Nigeria’s GNP and GDP. “We also need to carry out a holistic aviation training needs analysis and re-evaluate the approved training organizations to ensure that they can transform Nigerian into a world class aviation education market place. After all, countries like England, America and Singapore, thrive on the quality and value of education tourism that take place in their respective countries.” Closer to home, Ethiopia is reputed to have done well based on the quality it’s aviation education policy, aviation education infrastructure and programmes,” Sirika added.       Over the next 20 years, Boeing Company is forecasting that the world would manufacture over 39,600 airplanes valued at more than $5.9 trillion because the total number of aircrafts in year 2015 will increase from 22,510 units to 45,240 aircrafts by the year 2035. This will come from the manufacture of 39,620 new units of various types of aircraft worth $5,930 billion. It is predicted that Africa will require 1,150 units valued at $ 170 billion. The engineers, ICT experts, pilots, etc that would join and participate in the design, manufacturing, operations and maintenance of these aircrafts would be in excess of 1 million people.  There will also be additional need for additional aviation infrastructure to service the increasing fleet of aircraft. The challenge is how many of these Aviation experts and professionals will be Nigerians and how can implement and benefit from setting up the various Infrastructure required.  Is the current Nigerian University system or Technical Education system able to train, educate and produce experts and professionals that will participate in this $5.9 trillion dollar marketplace? “My challenge as Minister of Aviation working with my colleagues in the Ministry of Education and other parastatals, departments and agencies of government is to find a way where Nigerian children and youths can have access to quality training institutions with appropriate infrastructure and relevant curriculum, teachers, lecturers and professors that will train Nigerian students and produce fit for purpose graduates that can play a part and earn sustainable employment in Nigeria and in the global aviation market place,”Sirika added. How I cure baldness using these natural techniques. Read story 23 yrs boy started importation with N10,450. Read his story here! Wow offer: Get The BillionCoin (1TBC) for just N50,000. Click Here! Diabetes is curable! Don't let it threaten you! To NORMALIZE your blood sugar in 21 days for life. Click Here! Financial Empowerment: Get financially stable and get multiplied income today. Register Here!! Read your favourite song lyrics here! Healthy Heart Free up bad cholesterol can be yours. Click here! Share this Post: « Previous Article Checking e-fraud in Nigerian banks About author Uche Atuma Leave a reply Cancel Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Your comment (required): Name (required): Email (required): Website Latest How Nigerians can tap into $5.2trn aviation marketplace — 12th June 2017 Stories by Louis Ibah THe aviation industry has proven to be a critical tool for the economic development of various countries with huge impacts on tourism, ICT, trade and commerce, and job creation.   In fact a report by the Air Transport Action Group, compiled in association with Oxford Economics, shows that the industry supports… Military Resettlement Centre to become university — 11th June 2017 BY PHILIP NWOSU The Nigerian Armed Forces Resettlement Centre Oshodi would soon be transformed into a degree awarding university, a military top brass has revealed. Addressing journalists in Lagos ahead the passing out parade for 2017 for trainees of the Nigerian Armed Forces Resettlement Centre (NAFRC),  the Commandant of the Centre Air Vice Marshal Augustine… We don’t need another war – Okowa — 11th June 2017 From Paul Osuyi, Asaba UNIMPRESSED by agitations from various quarters calling for the division of the country, Delta State Governor, Dr. Ifeanyi Okowa has kicked against anything that would cause war and result into the division of the country. Instead, the governor said the unity of Nigeria cannot be compromised, and implored all not only… June 12: Lagos declares tomorrow public holiday — 11th June 2017 …Says State Remains Committed To Ideals Of The Annulled Elections By Moshood Adebayo The Lagos State government has declared tomorrow public holiday, to mark the 24 years of the annulment of the historic June 12, 1993 Presidential Election. In a statement signed by the Secretary to the State Government, Mr Tunji Bello on behalf of… Police capture notorious Evans kidnapping gang — 11th June 2017 Nigeria Police on Sunday afternoon paraded the man regarded as Nigeria’s richest kidnapper, Evans, and his deadly gang. Jimoh Moshood, Force spokesman in a statement made available to DAILY POST, revealed how they seized their victims, kept them and demanded for ransom. He also gave timelines of some of the gang’s activities and how they… Entertainment The fun, excitement at Africa Fashion Week Nigeria — 11th June 2017 By Josephine Ochidi and Efemena Edherigho Africa Fashion Week Nigeria (AFWN) 2017 was all glamour and glitter as over 50 fashion designers from Nigeria and other African countries showcased various creative designs and patterns.  The event which held between Jun§e 3rd and 4th at the National Arts Theatre Lagos proved that African fashion is ready… South-West Report Politics, pains of Ekiti fuel crisis — 8th June 2017 ‘How peace was brokered at last’ From Wole Balogun, Ado-Ekiti If while you are reading this piece, the National body of Petroleum Marketers Association of Nigeria (PMAN), is yet to lift up the ban placed on sale of petrol in Ekiti state, it would have been four weeks of hell let loose on the state by… Abuja Metro Inside Abuja camp of freed Chibok girls — 7th June 2017 By Magnus Eze The 106 freed Chibok schoolgirls have continued to savour their freedom with testimonies, particularly as many of them had given up hope of coming out of Boko Haram captivity alive. As they worshiped last Sunday in their Abuja camp, the girls poured out their gratitude to God. Rhoda Peter and Luggwa Mutah… Oriental News Synod: Anambra community celebrates 100 years of Anglican Church — 7th June 2017 From Obinna Odogwu, Ekwulobia Recently, the Anglican faithful in Nibo community, Awka South Local Government Area of Anambra State rolled out drums to celebrate 112 years of the Anglican Church in the town. The members of the Church Missionary Society (CMS) had established a church in the community in 1905. According to the Bishop’s Charge… Features Why parents need to protect the Nigerian child – Bolaji Osime, Lawyer, Educationist — 11th June 2017 By Christy Anyanwu Bolaji Osime, a lawyer and educationist is doing great in moulding and talking sense into heads of youngsters. She holds any audience spellbound when she starts talking about decadence in today’s teenagers. Osime, is the CEO of Global International College, Lekki Phase 1, Lagos. In this interview with Sunday Sun recently, she… Literary Review Gbenro Adegbola: Copyright war ‘ll be better served with public education — 27th May 2017 Mr. Gbenro Adegbola is the CEO/MD of First Veritas, a digital publishing firm he set up after quitting Evans Publishers Ltd, where he was the Managing Director some years back. Adegbola’s crossover to digital publishing was an expression of a cumulative experience he garnered in a tripartite career, spanning decades –broadcasting, publishing and ICT. From… Lifeline Confessions of tobacco users — 9th June 2017 •We know smoking is dangerous, but we can’t quit By Rebecca Opaluwa Standing beside a red car, a couple of metres from the bus stop, a lady had a stick of cigarette held between her fingers. She seemed absolutely unfazed with the goings on around her as she took one long drag and then, turning… Education Review LOUD TAKE — 6th June 2017 • A look at why the LAUTECH crisis is unlikely to end soon as the public awaits government White Paper on the matter, one year, this week, after students of LAUTECH started sitting idly at home From Oluseye Ojo, Ibadan June 9, 2017 will make exactly one year that the students of Ladoke Akintola University of… Marketing Matters Indomie, Coca-Cola, Delta State come out tops at 2016 ADVAN Awards — 30th November 2016 It was a unique gathering of major stakeholders in Nigeria’s marketing industry when the Advertisers Association of Nigeria (ADVAN) rolled out the red carpet to celebrate outstanding achievers at the 2016 ADVAN Awards for Marketing Excellence at the MUSON Centre, Onikan, Lagos, last weekend. The event threw up new champions who would bask in the… TSWeekend Why I’m bringing world boxing champion, Floyd Mayweather, to Nigeria — 9th June 2017 –Prince Donatus Okonkwo, Tetrazzini boss By Tosin Ajirire Prince Donatus Okonkwo, CEO, Tetrazzini Foods, knew what he wanted from the onset. He wanted to be an entrepreneur; so he did not waste time studying anything else. He went straight to a business school in the United Kingdom and studied Business Technology. Today, his efforts have… Columnists Between Shehu Shema & Sule Lamido — 12th June 2017 BOTH men have copious things in common and are, particularly, serial victims of witch-hunt from multifarious tribes of uncanny hate, vicious calumniation, horrendous demonization, asphyxiating envy and political criminalization with the ultimate objective of truncating their prospective national leadership. Based on their profound and robust antecedents nurtured by sterling character explicated here not too long… How do we deal with the death of a loved one? — 11th June 2017 The Igbos have a proverb – “ma akpogh onwu aha, ya di ka onaghi egbu-egbu“, translation – “if death is not mentioned, one inadvertently forgets our mortality”. The most difficult aspect of Medical Practice , which I have done for more than 30 years now,and still counting, remains to convey the message of death to… ISGPP, Think Tanks and the task of making Nigeria work — 11th June 2017 The Ibadan School of Government and Public Policy (ISGPP) came into existence in February of 2016 with an inaugural conference that brought together a broad spectrum of Nigeria’s best and brightest, from academia, civil society, public and private sector practitioners and a vast number of other significant professionals. The two-day brainstorming addressed the theme: “Getting… Okowa and the vista of a new Delta — 11th June 2017 MY alma mater, St. Anthony’s College, Ubulu-Uku, in Delta State, turned 60 last year. For a school founded by Catholic missionaries in 1956, you would expect it to have produced great men (and women as it enjoyed a spell of female enrolment for A-levels at a time). Yes, it has! It has produced professors, successful… The flipside of dating younger men — 11th June 2017 The idea of dating or marrying younger men is not novel to our modern society. For women, the practice dates back to ages. Originally, it started as a tradition in which the wives of elder male siblings who died either childless or the widows, who chose to remain with their late husbands’ families and too… Democracy or Independence Day: Which one? — 11th June 2017 No matter how you look at it, the question above is a very important one. It is the question critical minds in critical times like we are now should be asking and insist they get an answer. Answer from who, you may ask? From the political class and their protégés who aspire to join them… Professor Yemi Osinbajo the master painter — 11th June 2017 I am not going to parody Ibsen’s The Master Builder or Carlo Goldoni’s The Servant of Two Masters, rather I am going to do a straight talk; present the subject matter as it is. Our Acting President Professor Yemi Osinbajo is a Master Painter. He probably is the greatest painter in the world. And this… Re: Fueling the people’s burden — 11th June 2017 Our so-called representatives in Abuja are representing their selfish interests. How can anyone in his/her right senses talk about fuel increase now? You see, they don’t know how those they ‘represent’ feel! Have you counted the convoy of vehicles any time any governor is on the move? They don’t feel the economic pains Nigerians go… My problem with South East Development Commission Bill — 11th June 2017 Last week, the social media went gaga, following the rejection of the South East Development Commission (SEDC) bill by the House of Representatives, spearheaded by its Speaker, Yakubu Dogara. Reprieve came when Bukola Saraki’s Senate shocked even the sponsors of the same bill by allowing it scale second reading. Like the speed of light, the… ‘If my boss offers me a dinner date, do I accept?’ — 11th June 2017 Dear Njigirl, My younger sister likes to flirt with my husband and he seems to enjoy the attention. I don’t really like the sort of jokes they enjoy. How can I tell her to take it easy without hurting her feelings? AUDREY Hi Audrey, Is there any reason for you to suspect that there is… Home About Us Paper Ad Rate Online Ad Rate The Team Contact Us Archive June 2017 M T W T F S S « May       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   Enquiries Take advantage of our impressive statistics, advertise your brands and products on this site. Call Uche on +234-805-633-4351 Editor, Online: Ikenna Emewu Copyright © 2017. All Rights Reserved.
Advertisement Modern Healthcare Menu Providers Insurance Government Finance Technology Transformation Safety & Quality People Opinion & Editorial Research & Data Center Education & Events Awards & Recognition Magazine Jobs Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Twitter Facebook Linkedin Google Plus Opinion & Editorial Research & Data Center Education & Events Awards & Recognition Jobs Modern Healthcare The leader in healthcare business news, research & data Register |  Log in This Week's Issue • Subscribe • Advertise Modern Healthcare Providers Insurance Government Finance Technology Transformation Safety & Quality People Home  > Insurance  The march of rising healthcare costs has slowed, but it's still unsustainable Getty Images Related content Consumers catch break as healthcare spending and pricing slow Surging price of branded drugs squeezing healthcare providers' bottom lines Boeing negotiates directly with more health systems Twitter Facebook Linkedin Google Plus Buy Reprints Email this page to a colleague The march of rising healthcare costs has slowed, but it's still unsustainable By Alex Kacik  |  June 13, 2017 While the era of double-digit growth in healthcare costs seems to have ended, the "new normal" pace of around 6% to 7% a year is still unsustainable, according to a new study. PricewaterhouseCoopers Health Research Institute projected that medical costs in 2018 will increase by 6.5% from 2017. Insurers use the annual cost growth rate as a benchmark to help set premiums. While the medical cost trend has declined from 11.9% in 2007, it will still outpace economic growth, which means employers, providers and insurers must work together to reduce costs over time, the study found. HRI's analysis measures anticipated spending growth in the employer-based market, which covers about half of all Americans. The study did not factor in changes to government payers and ACA exchanges.It attributed Tags: Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Content {{title}} {{description}} {{buttonType}} Advertisement Modern Healthcare Enewsletters Sign up for free enewsletters and alerts to receive breaking news and in-depth coverage of healthcare events and trends, as they happen, right to your inbox. Subscribe Today The weekly magazine, websites, research and databases help you make informed business decisions. The weekly magazine, websites, research and databases provide a powerful and all-encompassing industry presence. We help you make informed business decisions and lead your organizations to success. Stay Connected Join the conversation with Modern Healthcare through our social media pages: About Us Contact Us Submission Guidelines Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Copyright © 1996-2017 Crain Communications, Inc.
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip World   Conservative Defense Critic James Bezan leads a news conference in response to the Liberal government's defense policy review, June 7, 2017. (Photo: David Krayden/The Daily Caller)    Trudeau’s Pro-China Policy Might Affect CF-18 Replacements David Krayden Contributor 2:11 PM 06/13/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau once declared China to have the economy that he most admired. His admiration for the authoritarian communist superpower is endangering Canada’s relationship with the superpower that it’s closest to: the United States. The federal government is seeking a bilateral free trade agreement with China and in its determination to accomplish that goal, is allowing China greater access to Canadian markets than ever before. The recent sale of the Vancouver-based Norsat to China has angered the congressional U.S.-China Economic and Security Review Commission, with its chairman Michael Wessel raising the red flag of security concerns and telling The Globe and Mail, that “Canada’s approval of the ale of Norsat to a Chinese entity raises significant national security concerns for the United States as the company is a supplier to our military.” During Monday’s question period in the Canadian House of Commons, Conservative defense critic and Manitoba Member of Parliament James Bezan asked, “will the government be purchasing replacements for the CF-18 fleet from its friends in communist China?” The defense minister wasn’t in the House and his parliamentary secretary side-stepped the question, merely repeating the pledge from last week’s defense policy review that promises to “replace the Cf-18 fleet with 88 advanced fighter aircraft through an open and transparent competition.” Bezan told The Daily Caller that Trudeau might be running out of options. Trudeau nixed Lockheed Martin’s F-35 join strike fighter as the replacement the previous Conservative and former Liberal governments both approved to as the successor to the CF-18. Now he is refusing to do business with Boeing because the aviation giant criticized Montreal-based Bombardier aircraft for the massive government subsidies it receives — from Trudeau’s Liberals. “The Chinese are developing a twin-engined, stealth jet fighter. The government continues to sell companies to China and these acquisitions should be going through security reviews. So it’s not that far-fetched to envision this government going to China for a fighter replacement.” In the interim, Bezan believes the Liberals will fly the CF-18s past their ultimate life-expectancy date, which they will reach in 2025. “That will certainly put the lives of the pilots in danger.” Bezan says the government should stick with the F-35, because the decision to do so was made in a non-partisan spirit and because the aircraft will be interoperable with Canada’s principle allies: the U.S., Britain and Australia. He points to a CTV interview conducted with the former chief of the defense staff, retired Gen. Tom Lawson, who said the F-35 was “the way ahead.” Follow David on Twitter Tags: China, James Bezan, Justin Trudeau, Trade, U.S. security Hide Comments   Show comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Emails and Notifications Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
