Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Michael Flynn Donald Trump ObamaCare SPONSORED: The Latino Economy Just In... Perez interrupted by progressive protesters Blog Briefing Room — 4h 45m ago Report: Trump ally to review intelligence agencies Administration — 5h 7m ago Chaffetz asks DOJ inspector general to investigate Flynn leaks House — 5h 47m ago Report: ICE detains domestic violence victim in court Administration — 6h 28m ago Report: Intelligence officials withhold information from Trump Administration — 7h 4m ago Jake Tapper fires back: Media didn't fire Flynn, Trump did Blog Briefing Room — 7h 9m ago Venezuela cuts CNN in Spanish Blog Briefing Room — 7h 13m ago Corker: Senate GOP discussing best path for Russia probe Floor Action — 7h 13m ago view all   Top imports, exports by state By Reid Wilson - 02/15/17 06:12 PM EST 7   © Courtesy AEI A decade ago, North Dakota's economy rose and fell with crop prices. Today, the state is so heavily dependent on oil harvested from the Bakken formation that nearly a third of its exports come in the form of crude oil, shipped off to refineries in other parts of the country. Michigan's economy, for so long dependent on the American automotive industry, is still cranking out cars. Of the 10 products Michigan businesses imported most from out of state, nine are related to automobiles. Of the 15 products Michigan businesses exported across the world, 13 are automotive products, whether cars, trucks or accessories. The state's ninth-largest export in 2015: rear-view mirrors. ADVERTISEMENT That data comes from U.S. Census Bureau figures analyzed by the American Enterprise Institute, which sheds light on just how dependent some states are on their largest industries. And it offers hints about why state lawmakers act the way they do. Consider Washington, where a few years ago Democrats and Republicans joined together to give Boeing the largest single corporate tax break in American history, a deal worth more than $8 billion over four decades. Why does Boeing carry so much heft in the Evergreen State? Not only does the company employ tens of thousands of workers at factories north and south of Seattle, but completed aircraft account for almost 60 percent of Washington's exports. In 2015, Washington businesses exported $86 billion in products, according to the Census Bureau. Of that amount, slightly more than $51 billion in trade came from civilian aircraft and engine parts. By contrast, Washington exported almost $800 million in fresh apples. The largest apple-producing state in America did 64 times more business in aircraft supplies. (Boeing's reach extends into other states, too: Airplane parts account for the largest source of imports in Kansas and South Carolina, two states where Boeing operates production lines.) Alaska remains heavily dependent on fish for its export economy. The state exported just over $4.6 billion in products in 2015, almost half of which came from pollock, salmon, cod, crab and other seafood products. Nebraska's economy is also dependent on food production. In 2015, the last year for which figures are available, the state imported $202 million in live cattle; it turned those imports into its largest export, $965 million in fresh or frozen beef. And in New York, a significant portion of the export market comes from luxury goods. Among the top items the Empire State shipped overseas in 2015 were diamonds, paintings, gold, jewelry, original sculptures and statuary -- and even antiques exceeding 100 years of age.   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 GOP senators unnerved by Trump-... Senate Republicans are expressing growing concerns about the relationship... 366 Shares 2 FBI releases documents related to... The FBI on Wednesday released hundreds of pages of its notes surrounding... 299 Shares 3 Report: Intelligence officials... The information was withheld from the president in fear that that it would... 238 Shares 4 Schwarzenegger rips gerrymandering... Arnold Schwarzenegger says Congress is so unpopular that lawmakers “couldn... 157 Shares 5 'Morning Joe' host says show will... Co-host Mika Brzezinski says she will no longer allow senior White House... 156 Shares 6 Overnight Finance: Trump's Labor... Puzder withdraws nomination for Labor secretary: Andy Puzder on Wednesday... 115 Shares 7 Schumer warns of possible cover-up... Following an emergency Democratic caucus meeting Wednesday, Senate... 97 Shares 8 Cyber executive order a reasonable... OPINION | The cybersecurity EO is a well thought out and reasonable step... 97 Shares 9 House panel votes against... The House Ways and Means Committee on Tuesday rejected a Democratic push... 86 Shares 10 Priebus, Bannon trash reports of... In a joint phone call with The Hill on Wednesday, White House chief of... 83 Shares 11 Report: Trump aiming to sign... The Senate is expected to vote on Scott Pruitt's nomination this week. 71 Shares 12 Under Armour CEO walks back... Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank on Wednesday published a full-page ad in his... 68 Shares 13 GOP senator calls for exhaustive... Sen. Roy Blunt (R-Mo.) on Tuesday said there should be an exhaustive... 67 Shares 14 Humana to drop out of ObamaCare at... The insurer said the market has not stabilized enough to participate next... 61 Shares 15 'Day Without a Woman' strike set... The group behind the Women’s March on Washington in protest of Donald... 61 Shares 16 Chaffetz asks DOJ inspector... 'We have serious concerns about the potential protection of classified... 55 Shares 17 Trump signs repeal of transparency... The regulation would have required energy companies to disclose their... 55 Shares 18 Report: Trump ally to review... Feinberg is a member of Trump's economic advisory council and is a co-... 54 Shares 19 The worst job in Washington?... OPINION | Donald McGahn, who serves as President Trump's Oval Office... 51 Shares 20 McCain announces opposition to... McCain becomes first GOP senator to oppose Mick Mulvaney's nomination. 49 Shares 21 Michael Moore to Trump: 'Vacate... "What part of 'vacate you Russian traitor' don't you understand?" liberal... 49 Shares 22 Report: ICE detains domestic... An undocumented woman who was allegedly a victim of domestic violence was... 48 Shares 23 Trump staffers using app that... Trump administration staffers are reportedly communicating by using an... 47 Shares 24 Flynn puts FBI director back in... The spotlight is back on FBI Director James Comey thanks to Michael Flynn’... 47 Shares 25 Trump failed his own test on good... Throughout the presidential campaign, Donald Trump repeated a particular... 46 Shares 26 Jake Tapper fires back: Media didn... "The media, of course, did not fire General Flynn. President Trump did." 44 Shares 27 Flynn's security clearance... The suspension is a normal administrative move for clearances under "... 44 Shares 28 GOP rep: Intelligence community... Rep. Steve King (R-Iowa) questioned the veracity of assessments by the... 43 Shares 29 President rekindles feud with... President Trump is reigniting his feud with the intelligence community,... 43 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Workers at Boeing SC vote not to unionize, will remain union fre - Tucson News Now Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME Tucson Rodeo My Tucson Home Flight tracker Arizona Politics Border News Business Traffic map Watch Tucson News Now KOLD Investigates See it, Snap it, Send it Education Visit our tax guide In Southern Arizona News Crime & Courts Live CBS Video Great Things Happen Here Fighting The Flu Border News Terrorism around the world Noticias KOLD 13 Mass shootings in the U.S. National Weather Weather main page Interactive Radar Science news Live cams Traffic map Flight Tracker Team Bios Text and Email alerts Hurricanes Wildfires Sports Tucson Rodeo UA Basketball Super Bowl LI UA Sports UA Football AG's Wildcat Report Tucson Roadrunners Overtime FC Tucson El Tour de Tucson Baseball Football Basketball Hockey Auto Racing College Sports News Video News Videos main page Live CBS Video Right This Minute Video Coverage TV Watch Tucson News Now Watch CBS Shows TV Schedule On-air schedule MeTV GRIT TV CRIME WATCH DAILY Watch My Fox Shows ENTERTAINMENT TONIGHT Watch My Network TV Shows What's For Lunch? Community See it, Snap it, Send it Fresh Bites Business Announcements Lifestyle Speaker Request Pet Connection Pet Pals Events Discover Arizona Teacher Tributes Tucson gem show About Us Contact Us Speaker Request Reporters and Anchors KOLD-TV jobs Raycom Media jobs KMSB-TV Jobs Digital Sales CONTESTS Win four tickets to Monster Jam Win a pair of tickets to the Arizona Renaissance Festival Health Health main page Fighting the Flu Komen - Health Connection Zika virus Sex & Relationships Marketplace Workers at Boeing SC vote not to unionize, will remain union free 2017-02-15T10:18:39Z2017-02-16T03:58:50Z By Ray Rivera, Digital Producer Email Connect rrivera@live5news.com Follow @rayriveralive5 By Suzelle Santos, Digital Producer Email Connect ssantos@live5news.com By Aaron Maybin, Reporter Email Connect amaybin@live5news.com Source: WCSC Mike Evans speaking to reporters following the vote Wednesday night. (Source: Live 5 News) A sample of the ballot. (Source: Boeing) Related LinksMore>> President Trump will be in the Lowcountry Friday, the White House confirms President Trump will be in the Lowcountry Friday, the White House confirms Updated: Tuesday, February 14 2017 3:33 PM EST2017-02-14 20:33:17 GMT President Donald Trump will visit the Lowcountry this week, the White House confirms.  President Donald Trump will visit the Lowcountry this week, the White House confirms.  Boeing workers prepare for election following 'Vote Yes' rally Boeing workers prepare for election following 'Vote Yes' rally Updated: Monday, February 13 2017 6:57 PM EST2017-02-13 23:57:30 GMT Photo Source: WCSC Two days before South Carolina Boeing employees vote on whether to join a union, workers and union members held a rally in support of collective bargaining rights. Two days before South Carolina Boeing employees vote on whether to join a union, workers and union members held a rally in support of collective bargaining rights. Boeing SC vice president recalls humble beginnings, challenges Boeing SC vice president recalls humble beginnings, challenges Updated: Thursday, January 26 2017 3:42 PM EST2017-01-26 20:42:22 GMT Source: WCSC Women in science and engineering were once hidden figures. You may have seen the movie highlighting their struggles. Women in science and engineering were once hidden figures. You may have seen the movie highlighting their struggles. CHARLESTON, SC (WCSC) - Workers at Boeing South Carolina have voted not to unionize under the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers.  According to Boeing officials, 74% of total votes cast on Wednesday were against joining the IAM.  Officials say there were 2097 votes for no and 731 votes for yes.  Both Boeing and the union spoke out about the results, and both said they’re looking ahead to the future. "The outcome is not what I was hoping for, but this is the labor movement," said  IAM lead organizer Mike Evans."It isn't easy and we will continue to do our best to help workers in the workplace." “We will continue to move forward as one team,” said Joan Robinson-Berry, vice president and general manager of Boeing South Carolina following the vote. “We have a bright future ahead of us and are eager to focus on the accomplishments of this great team and to developing new opportunities." Live 5 News The vote was held under the oversight of the National Labor Relations Board and 3,000 employees were eligible to have their say.   Union spokespersons also said there were no voting irregularities. Many advertisements have been run from both sides.  Proponents said employees would get respect on the job, better wages and consistency in unionizing. "Workers at Boeing deserve to be treated fairly and they deserve to be treated with respect," Lead IAM organizer Mike Evans said when he announced the vote last month. "Over the past year and a half, management at Boeing has repeatedly failed to make improvements they promised workers. Instead, workplace policies remain inconsistent and raises remain subjective. Boeing workers deserve better than that."  Boeing wanted employees to vote no, citing expensive union dues and saying IAM   does not have the workers' best interests at heart. Saying "no” would allow workers to keep their voice and their direct working relationship with the company, according to Boeing.  "Boeing believes firmly that a union is not in the best interest of Boeing South Carolina," Boeing Vice President and General Manager Joan Robinson-Berry said at a press conference hours after IAM's announcement. "That's been our consistent position and we will never change that."  Voters marked their ballots in secret, according to the National Labor Relations Board.  RIGHT NOW: Boeing SC workers have begun casting secret ballots on whether to unionize: https://t.co/phPrdgHrc3 #chsnews #scnews pic.twitter.com/1PxjhmGAo0— Live5News (@Live5News) February 15, 2017 The ten polling locations opened at various times, according to the election notice posted on Boeing's website.  The first time the IAM scheduled a union vote at Boeing SC was in 2015.  However, union officials said they canceled the vote because of a "toxic environment."  According to officials, they came to the decision following home visits with more than 1,700 Boeing workers.  Moving forward, Boeing will roll out its first 787-10 on Friday.   “Friday we will mark the most recent incredible accomplishment in the proud history of the BSC team with the rollout of the first 787-10,” said Robinson-Berry. “It is great to have this vote behind us as we come together to celebrate that event.” President Donald Trump is expected to be in attendance at the ceremony.  Copyright 2017 WCSC. All Rights Reserved.  Workers at Boeing SC vote not to unionize, will remain union freeMore>> Charleston County News Charleston County News Local newsMore>> BREAKING Man convicted of Tucson murders, attack found dead in prison Man convicted of Tucson murders, attack found dead in prison Posted: Thursday, February 16 2017 1:05 AM EST2017-02-16 06:05:26 GMT Apollo Ortega. (Source: Arizona Department of Corrections) The man convicted of killing two women in the Tucson area in 2008 was killed in prison, authorities said. The man convicted of killing two women in the Tucson area in 2008 was killed in prison, authorities said. breaking Future of TUSD superintendent is again up for discussion Future of TUSD superintendent is again up for discussion Updated: Thursday, February 16 2017 12:38 AM EST2017-02-16 05:38:15 GMT It appears the future of the Tucson Unified School District superintendent is up for discussion, again. Tucson News Now has learned that the only item on the agenda for next week's special meeting is Dr. H.T. Sanchez's contract.  It appears the future of the Tucson Unified School District superintendent is up for discussion, again. Tucson News Now has learned that the only item on the agenda for next week's special meeting is Dr. H.T. Sanchez's contract.  Monsanto to go ahead with greenhouse in Pima County without tax help Monsanto to go ahead with greenhouse in Pima County without tax help Updated: Thursday, February 16 2017 12:33 AM EST2017-02-16 05:33:13 GMT (Source: Monsanto) Monsanto has said it is going ahead with plans to build a seven-acre greenhouse facility near Marana without tax break help from Pima County. Monsanto has said it is going ahead with plans to build a seven-acre greenhouse facility near Marana without tax break help from Pima County. ADOT seeks public input for future road improvement projects ADOT seeks public input for future road improvement projects Updated: Thursday, February 16 2017 12:17 AM EST2017-02-16 05:17:05 GMT Map of proposal (Source: Tucson News Now) ADOT representatives told Tucson News Now they know some of the urban environment will be impacted, but couldn’t specify what. Leaders estimate they’ll have a better idea by the end of this year. ADOT representatives told Tucson News Now they know some of the urban environment will be impacted, but couldn’t specify what. Leaders estimate they’ll have a better idea by the end of this year. Oro Valley residents ask for quicker development of Naranja Park Oro Valley residents ask for quicker development of Naranja Park Updated: Wednesday, February 15 2017 10:34 PM EST2017-02-16 03:34:02 GMT Crowd at meeting for Naranja Park in Oro Valley. (Source: Tucson News Now) Young athletes, their parents and coaches filled Wednesday night's Oro Valley town council meeting. They spoke about the need for quicker development of the multi-sports fields and baseball fields at Naranja Park.  Young athletes, their parents and coaches filled Wednesday night's Oro Valley town council meeting. They spoke about the need for quicker development of the multi-sports fields and baseball fields at Naranja Park.     Can't Find Something? KOLD FCC Public File jhengemuehler@tucsonnewsnow.com (520) 744-1313 EEO Report Closed Captioning KMSB FCC Public File rengberg@kmsb.com (520) 770-5442 EEO Report Closed Captioning KTTU FCC Public File rengberg@kmsb.com (520) 770-5442 EEO Report Closed Captioning 7831 N. Business Park Drive Tucson, AZ 85743 (520) 744-1313 Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining People Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Place an Ad Weekly Ads e-Edition Activate your subscription Jobs Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 31° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today Partly cloudy. Tonight Partly cloudy. Low 27F. Winds SSE at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: February 15, 2017 @ 5:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell Breaking President Donald Trump's labor secretary pick withdraws nomination AP The Latest: Counting underway for Boeing union vote Feb 15, 2017 Updated 18 min ago 0 NORTH CHARLESTON, S.C. (AP) — The Latest on the vote by employees of Boeing's plant in North Charleston on whether to join a union (all times local): 6:30 p.m. Counting is underway for a vote that will determine if thousands of workers at Boeing's South Carolina plant will be represented by a union. Ballots are being counted Wednesday evening for the vote on representation by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. Nearly 3,000 workers were eligible to participate in Wednesday's voting. Union officials said they expected results later in the evening. The election comes two days before President Donald Trump visits the Boeing plant in North Charleston to join in celebrating the rollout of the first Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner from the aircraft maker's campus. ___ 4:35 p.m. Voting is wrapping up for Boeing workers in South Carolina considering if they want to be unionized. Polling places were scheduled to close at 4:30 p.m. Union officials say they expect results later this evening. Nearly 3,000 workers were expected to make a decision on whether they should join the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. The vote comes two days before President Donald Trump visits the Boeing plant in North Charleston to join in celebrating the rollout of the first Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner from the aircraft maker's campus. ___ 1:20 p.m. An afternoon round of balloting has begun among South Carolina Boeing workers considering if they want to be unionized. Polls are open for several hours Wednesday afternoon at several locations on the aviation giant's manufacturing facilities in North Charleston. Nearly 3,000 production workers are eligible to participate in the vote determining if they'll be represented by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. The union petitioned for a vote in 2015 but withdrew it because of what the Machinists called a toxic atmosphere and political interference. President Donald Trump is expected to visit Boeing on Friday for the rollout of the first 787-10 Dreamliner from the South Carolina campus. A year ago, then-candidate Trump warned during a campaign appearance that, unless he won, Boeing would soon ship all its jobs from South Carolina to China, where Boeing had agreed to open a facility. ___ 10:45 a.m. South Carolina's chief executive says Boeing's workers should reject an effort to unionize the aviation giant's North Charleston facilities. In a statement provided to The Associated Press, Gov. Henry McMaster said "there is no reason to put anyone in the middle" between Boeing and its workers. The Republican governor hasn't said much publicly about the vote, which was announced last month by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. McMaster has only been in office a few weeks, after former Gov. Nikki Haley accepted a job as ambassador to the United Nations. He was an early backer of Donald Trump's presidential campaign and is expected to join the president on Friday when he visits South Carolina for the rollout of the first Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner from the aircraft maker's campus. ___ 9:30 a.m. The morning round of voting has concluded among South Carolina Boeing workers considering if they want representation by a union. The first of two voting shifts wrapped up around midmorning at the aviation giant's North Charleston facilities. Nearly 3,000 production workers are eligible to vote in the election to determine if they'll be represented by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. The union initially petitioned for a vote in 2015 but called off that election because of what the union called a toxic atmosphere and political interference. Machinists spokesman Jonathan Battaglia says the union feels Boeing workers are "ready to make history" with the vote. Boeing came to South Carolina in part because of the state's minuscule union presence. Labor experts say a "yes" vote would have repercussions throughout the South, potentially inspiring other workers to think about unionizing. ___ 6:45 a.m. Voting is underway as thousands of workers at Boeing's South Carolina plant decide if they want to unionize. Polling places opened early Wednesday morning throughout the aviation giant's sprawling facility in North Charleston. A second wave of voting takes place this afternoon. Nearly 3,000 production workers are eligible to vote in the election to determine if they'll be represented by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. The union initially petitioned for a vote in 2015 but called off that election because of what the union called a toxic atmosphere and political interference. The global aviation giant came to South Carolina in part because of the state's minuscule union presence. Labor experts say a "yes" vote would have repercussions throughout the South, potentially inspiring other workers to think about unionizing. ___ 4:10 a.m. Nearly 3,000 production workers at Boeing's South Carolina plant are deciding if they want to unionize, writing the next chapter in efforts to organize labor in large manufacturing plants across the South. If successful, Wednesday's balloting on whether employees should join the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers would send a significant message to politicians both in the region and Washington that workers here are demanding the same protections and benefits as their colleagues in other areas. And, to the leaders trying to recruit businesses by promoting their states' lack of union presence, it'd make their jobs more difficult. Labor experts say a "yes" vote would have repercussions throughout the South, potentially inspiring other workers to think about unionizing. Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Breaking News Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. FindTheCompany | Graphiq FindTheCompany | Graphiq Tags Wire Business General News Labor Unions Labor Issues Social Issues Social Affairs Production Facilities Corporate News Aircraft Manufacturing Aerospace And Defense Industry Industrial Products And Services Presidential Elections National Elections Elections Government And Politics × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. loading... POPULAR IN THIS SECTION Flynn, fired once by a president, now removed by another Trump knew Flynn misled WH weeks before ouster: officials National security adviser Michael Flynn resigns amid Russia controversy AP FACT CHECK: Democrats condemn Flynn based on fake tweet President Donald Trump's labor secretary pick withdraws nomination Business Directory Latest Local Offers Schumacher-Kish Funeral and Cremation Services Why Plan Ahead for your Funeral Service? For lower Costs Updated Feb 14, 2017 Confidential Records Serving Western & Northern Wisconsin and Eastern Minnesota For All Your Document Shredding & Storage Needs. We Shred On-Site, Leaving NO Room To Chance! Give Us A Call For A Quote Today. Updated Feb 14, 2017 ≫ today's question Will we need to shovel snow again this season? You voted: Yes No Vote View Results Back More Jobs Top Jobs Job Board 30527185.pdf 30527106.pdf Bulletin ≫ things to do Feb 15 CheezLand Uke Band (new members welcome) Wed, Feb 15, 2017 @ 6:00 pm Feb 15 Powell Poage Hamilton Neighborhood Association Wed, Feb 15, 2017 @ 6:45 pm Feb 15 Pizza night Wed, Feb 15, 2017 @ 5:00 pm Feb 15 Wally Tranberg, dance Wed, Feb 15, 2017 @ 7:30 pm Feb 15 Winter Reading Advisory 2017 book chats Wed, Feb 15, 2017 @ 10:30 am Feb 15 Blues night, with Dave Orr and Friends Wed, Feb 15, 2017 @ 10:00 pm Feb 15 Family story time Wed, Feb 15, 2017 @ 12:00 pm Feb 15 Bingo Wed, Feb 15, 2017 @ 6:00 pm Feb 15 Wednesday Yoga: Vinyasa Flow - Session 1 Wed, Feb 15, 2017 @ 5:30 pm Feb 15 Trivia Wed, Feb 15, 2017 @ 7:00 pm Click here for more events Submit your event Local Business Search local business directory I'm looking for: Located near: Hint: Enter a keyword that you are looking for like tires, pizza or doctors or browse the full business directory. View local offers Local Businesses Cowboy Davids E11761 County Road P, La Farge, WI 54639 Stern Buildings Llc 204 Sims St, Melrose, WI 54642 Avalon Hotel And Conference Center 1009 W. Park Avenue , Chippewa Falls, WI 54729 Blue Moon 716 2nd Ave North, Onalaska, WI 54650 Currents +41 Lifestyles Photos: Politics and poetry reign at New York Fashion Week +3 Lifestyles Summer's a great time to dive into a foreign language Lifestyles Campers may unplug, but summer camps are plugging in Today In History, Feb. 15: Jeffrey Dahmer Today's Birthdays, Feb. 15: Matt Groening Today’s top pics: Day one Westminster Dog Show and more Today In History, Feb. 14: "St. Valentine's Day Massacre" Kanye West shows comfy Yeezy clothes, shoes _ without delay Current Flood Alerts Nevada Flood Damages US 50 reopens at Lake Tahoe week after rock slides TODAY'S TOP VIDEO Trump: I can live with 2 or 1-state solution CNN10 - 02/16/17 When celebrities hit the Hill Russian spy ship lurks off Connecticut coast News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Dhiraj Singh/Bloomberg Boeing, Saab Hanker for Scale to Meet Modi's Make in India Plea Anurag Kotoky and N.C Bipindra February 15, 2017, 4:00 PM EST Open to local production if India’s navy, airforce club orders Lockheed also in race for world’s biggest fighter jet order Boeing Co. and Saab AB, competing for $25 billion in fighter jet orders in India, said the country stands a better chance of securing local manufacturing if its air force and navy join forces. Keep up with the best of Bloomberg Politics. Get our newsletter daily. Sign Up Combining the two orders would give the makers enough scale to set up a local assembly line that Prime Minister Narendra Modi has been touting under his flagship ‘Make in India’ program which is designed to promote domestic manufacturing. India’s navy in January invited proposals for 57 jets for its aircraft carriers, while the air force is seeking at least 100 planes. Combined, it would become the world’s biggest fighter jet order in play. “We do anticipate that at some point of time, the naval requirement and the air force requirement might coalesce into one,” Pratyush Kumar, president of Boeing Co. in India, said at an air show in Bengaluru, where the company is showcasing its F/A-18 Hornet. “We will look at it based on numbers -- what level of Make in India makes sense.” Modi, who plans to spend $250 billion in the coming years on fighter jets, guns and helmets, wants India and local companies to get a share of the deals it enters into by calling on foreign manufacturers to make products locally. Boeing, Lockheed Martin Corp. and others have said they will produce in India if they win large contracts from the world’s biggest weapons importer. To read an article on America First versus Make in India, click here. “It will boil down to whichever contractor is offering an operational plane that is suitable for the air force and navy,” said Anurag Garg, a director of aerospace and defense at Strategy&, a Pricewaterhouse consultancy. “India is looking for a contractor who will execute maximum local production. Any contractor meeting these two requirements will stand a better chance.” Lockheed Martin, which said it will shift its entire F-16 production facility to India if it wins the deal, will leave the decision of combining the two orders to the Indian government, said Randall Howard, head of F-16 Business Development. Meanwhile, Saab is offering the air force its single-engine Gripen fighter jet. “We’ve designed it in such a way that it will be operational irrelevant of the future,” Mats Palmberg, vice president of industrial partnerships, said in an interview at the air show. India requires up to 400 single- and double-engine combat jets, defense minister Manohar Parrikar told reporters Tuesday. An order for single-engine fighters will be placed this year despite difficulties with decision-making in the sector, he said. The South Asian country began a search for new warplanes in 2007, a contest that ended with the government wanting to buy 126 Rafale jets from Dassault Aviation SA for $11 billion. With talks stalling over price and quality guarantees, the government subsequently pared the order to 36 jets. Since then, other manufacturers have been sending proposals, saying the purchase falls short of India’s plans to modernize a predominantly Russian fleet. Boeing’s F-A/18, Lockheed Martin’s F-16 Fighting Falcon, United Aircraft Corp.’s MiG-35, Saab’s Gripen and the Eurofighter Typhoon were originally in the contest. "The current single engine program could see about 100-plus made in India," said Rahul Bedi, a Delhi-based analyst with Jane’s Information Services. "This program alone could be worth $15 billion, considering 36 Gripen cost $4.5 billion to be made in Brazil. The 57 naval planes program will be another project and this could cost close to $10 billion." India needs to order at least 100 planes for it to be viable for Boeing to build the F-18 locally, Kumar said. Saab’s Palmberg declined to say how many planes would make local manufacturing viable, noting discussions with the government are confidential. Saab CEO Hakan Buskhe expects India to order more than 100 planes, he said in an interview on Tuesday. Roughly one-third of India’s 650-strong fleet is more than 40 years old and is set to be phased out over the next decade. The air force has only 25 active squadrons, compared to the 45 squadrons it estimates would be required to defend against a joint attack from Pakistan and China. For the navy’s aircraft carriers, India initially hoped to use the Tejas -- built locally by state-owned Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd. -- but the chief of navy said in December that the aircraft wasn’t good enough and it will seek overseas deals. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Americans Just Broke the Psychologists’ Stress Record Aetna CEO: Obamacare in 'Death Spiral' Calls for Russia Probe Mount for White House Reeling From Flynn Fallout The Political Assassination of Michael Flynn Trump's F-35 Calls Came With a Surprise: Rival CEO Was Listening Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 February 2017 by Military News Premier Traveler (PT) Worldwide Honored by the Five Awards from the Prestigious North American Travel Journalists Association New York, NY, February 15, 2017 – NATJA now in its 25th year, honors the coveted “best of the best” in travel journalism,” which is judged by seasoned journalists, photographers and public relations professionals announced the winners of its 2016 NATJA Travel Media Awards Competition. Premier Traveler‘s feature “Boeing Trailblazers” (the women of Boeing) winning three-Awards; two Gold Awards and an Honorable mention all in separate categories. PT was also awarded Honorable mention Awards for “Editor’s Letter Dec/Jan” and “Discovering the Hidden Wine Lands of Spain” at the 2016 NATJA Awards Competition. “For me, the greatest reward is to be recognized by my peers, and I’m honored to see my work in Premier Traveler commended along with superb publications such as National Geographic Traveler, The New York Times and The Wall Street Journal. I’m also grateful to find that in awarding Boeing Trailblazers three prizes, two Golds and one Finalist, NATJA hails the enormous contributions women have been making to aviation since its beginnings, from the skilled seamstresses who devised a way to attach wings to the first biplanes, to the brave pilots who ferried newly built bombers to the theaters of war, to the astronauts who pioneered America’s space program, inspiring so many women and men to do groundbreaking work in the future,” explained Janet Forman, Features Editor of Premier Traveler Worldwide Submissions for this year’s awards competition grew by more than 20% compared to last year. Entries reflected an array of excellent journalistic and creative work. “Submissions were judged by seasoned journalists, editors, photographers and PR professionals with hundreds of years of combined experience. NATJA is appreciative to all its judges for the tremendous time and effort they took in reviewing this year’s entries. Given the caliber of the entries, the judging was not easy,” stated NATJA CEO Helen Hernandez. NATJA 2016 Awards PT for Excellence in Travel Writing  in Travel Journalism Special Focus Travel Articles – Print: Historical Travel   Gold: Janet Forman, “Boeing Trailblazers,” Premier Traveler ​​Travel Series – Print Publication  Gold: Janet Forman, “Boeing Trailblazers,” Premier Traveler Byline Travel Column Honorable Mention: Janet Forman, “Editor’s Letter Dec 2015 Jan 2016,” Premier Traveler Destination Travel, Domestic Magazine Honorable Mention: Janet Forman, “Discovering the Hidden Wine Lands of Spain,” Premier Traveler Special Focus Travel Articles – Print: Personality and Profiles Honorable Mention: Janet Forman, “Boeing Trailblazers,” Premier Traveler „As always, I am immensely proud of Forman, our extremely talented Editor-in-Chief Sandra Ramani and the entire team here at Premier Traveler,” said an enthused Adam Rodriguez, CEO and Editorial Director of Premier Traveler Worldwide. Rodriguez continued, „I am quite delighted ending 2016 with nine accolades (Awards) to add to our total, from the likes of such reputable organizations as SATW and NATJA.” About Premier Traveler Worldwide (PT) was created as an outlet for its readers’ voices to be heard. Perpetually on-the-go (both domestically and abroad), with high expectations and a taste for luxury, Premier Traveler readers always have something to share—a personal experience, an opinion, a suggestion, a question—and PT was designed to listen to and seek the answers they need. The open dialogue doesn’t stop with letters and emails from readers: the magazine goes one step engaging readers via questionnaires on a variety of topics, allowing the editorial team to inject the magazine’s content with valuable and relevant insights. This is one example of what elevates Premier Traveler beyond just another magazine to one that shares a personal connection with its readers. www.ptwwonline.com. AWARD WINNING JOURNALISM 2013 “Best Magazine Article: U.S. Travel” 2013 “Best Magazine Article: Foreign Travel” 2013 “Best Business Travel Media Award” 2014 “Bill Muster Gold Award: Cultural Category” 2014 “Best Magazine Article Foreign Travel: The World’s a Stage” 2014 “Best Magazine Article Foreign Travel: Lisbon’s New Lease on Life” 2014 “Best in-depth coverage on travel theme: Series on Women in Travel” 2014 “The Business of Travel, Second Place: Meet in the Cloud Forest” 2014 “Best Photography, Action, Second Place: Shark Tank (Dubai)” 2014 “Best Magazine Article Foreign Travel, Second Place” 2015 “Best Magazine Article: Romance” Editor Letter 2015 “Best Magazine Article, Second Place: Food and Wine” 2015 “Best Byline Travel Column, Editor Letter” 2015 “Misc Category, Hands on Vacation” 2015 “More than One Destination” 2016 “Best History Category, The Women of Boeing” 2016 “Best Special Focus: Historical Travel” “The Women of Boeing” 2016 “Best Travel Series: The Women of Boeing” 2016 “Byline Travel Column: Editor’s Letter Dec 2015 Jan 2016” Honorable Mention 2016 “Destination Travel, Domestic Magazine: Discovering the Hidden Wine Lands of Spain” Honorable Mention 2016 “Special Focus Travel, Personality and Profiles: The Women of Boeing” Honorable Mention Source: Premier Traveler Worldwide (PT) CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Food and Beverage, Space, tank, Travel, Uncategorized, war, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Massachusetts High Court Expands First Amendment Protections to Citizen Activists Next PostNext The 13 Ugly Men Foundation Announces Charitable Donation of $25,013.13 to Support the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts 3 European Mutual Funds to Buy as Economy Revives Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&amp;P, Nasdaq Nab Streak Not Seen Since ’92 4 Zacks Rank #1 Mid-Cap Growth Funds to Buy Bullish Two Hundred Day Moving Average Cross – TEF Framework of Thompson Bond Fund (THOPX) Proudly powered by WordPress
REAL ESTATE JOBS CARS DEALS CLASSIFIEDS PLACE AN AD SUBSCRIBE E-REGISTER HELP TODAY'S PAPER Orange County Register SURF REPORT |  WEATHER  | TRAFFIC HOME NEWS SPORTS BUSINESS ENTERTAINMENT LIFE TRAVEL OPINION Newsletter RSS Mobile Facebook Twitter News from the Associated Press: Top stories | U.S. | World | Business | Markets | Tech | Sports | Entertainment Health | Science | Politics | Strange news | Today in history Feb 15, 8:34 PM EST The Latest: Boeing workers reject efforts to unionize plant NORTH CHARLESTON, S.C. (AP) -- The Latest on the vote by employees of Boeing's plant in North Charleston on whether to join a union (all times local): 8:30 p.m. Workers at a Boeing plant in South Carolina have rejected an effort by the Machinists to unionize a plant. The National Labor Relations Board on Wednesday released the results of the vote. Nearly 3,000 production workers were eligible to vote in the balloting at the aviation giant's North Charleston facilities. For weeks, both Boeing and the union bought billboards, print ads, television and radio ads, urgings workers to vote for or against the unionization effort. The Machinists initially tried to unionize the plant in 2015 but called off that vote because of what the union called a toxic atmosphere and political interference. The vote comes two days before President Donald Trump is scheduled to visit the Boeing plant for the rollout of the first Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner from the aircraft maker's campus. --- 6:30 p.m. Counting is underway for a vote that will determine if thousands of workers at Boeing's South Carolina plant will be represented by a union. Ballots are being counted Wednesday evening for the vote on representation by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. Nearly 3,000 workers were eligible to participate in Wednesday's voting. Union officials said they expected results later in the evening. The election comes two days before President Donald Trump visits the Boeing plant in North Charleston to join in celebrating the rollout of the first Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner from the aircraft maker's campus. --- 4:35 p.m. Voting is wrapping up for Boeing workers in South Carolina considering if they want to be unionized. Polling places were scheduled to close at 4:30 p.m. Union officials say they expect results later this evening. Nearly 3,000 workers were expected to make a decision on whether they should join the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. The vote comes two days before President Donald Trump visits the Boeing plant in North Charleston to join in celebrating the rollout of the first Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner from the aircraft maker's campus. --- 1:20 p.m. An afternoon round of balloting has begun among South Carolina Boeing workers considering if they want to be unionized. Polls are open for several hours Wednesday afternoon at several locations on the aviation giant's manufacturing facilities in North Charleston. Nearly 3,000 production workers are eligible to participate in the vote determining if they'll be represented by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. The union petitioned for a vote in 2015 but withdrew it because of what the Machinists called a toxic atmosphere and political interference. President Donald Trump is expected to visit Boeing on Friday for the rollout of the first 787-10 Dreamliner from the South Carolina campus. A year ago, then-candidate Trump warned during a campaign appearance that, unless he won, Boeing would soon ship all its jobs from South Carolina to China, where Boeing had agreed to open a facility. --- 10:45 a.m. South Carolina's chief executive says Boeing's workers should reject an effort to unionize the aviation giant's North Charleston facilities. In a statement provided to The Associated Press, Gov. Henry McMaster said "there is no reason to put anyone in the middle" between Boeing and its workers. The Republican governor hasn't said much publicly about the vote, which was announced last month by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. McMaster has only been in office a few weeks, after former Gov. Nikki Haley accepted a job as ambassador to the United Nations. He was an early backer of Donald Trump's presidential campaign and is expected to join the president on Friday when he visits South Carolina for the rollout of the first Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner from the aircraft maker's campus. --- 9:30 a.m. The morning round of voting has concluded among South Carolina Boeing workers considering if they want representation by a union. The first of two voting shifts wrapped up around midmorning at the aviation giant's North Charleston facilities. Nearly 3,000 production workers are eligible to vote in the election to determine if they'll be represented by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. The union initially petitioned for a vote in 2015 but called off that election because of what the union called a toxic atmosphere and political interference. Machinists spokesman Jonathan Battaglia says the union feels Boeing workers are "ready to make history" with the vote. Boeing came to South Carolina in part because of the state's minuscule union presence. Labor experts say a "yes" vote would have repercussions throughout the South, potentially inspiring other workers to think about unionizing. --- 6:45 a.m. Voting is underway as thousands of workers at Boeing's South Carolina plant decide if they want to unionize. Polling places opened early Wednesday morning throughout the aviation giant's sprawling facility in North Charleston. A second wave of voting takes place this afternoon. Nearly 3,000 production workers are eligible to vote in the election to determine if they'll be represented by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. The union initially petitioned for a vote in 2015 but called off that election because of what the union called a toxic atmosphere and political interference. The global aviation giant came to South Carolina in part because of the state's minuscule union presence. Labor experts say a "yes" vote would have repercussions throughout the South, potentially inspiring other workers to think about unionizing. --- 4:10 a.m. Nearly 3,000 production workers at Boeing's South Carolina plant are deciding if they want to unionize, writing the next chapter in efforts to organize labor in large manufacturing plants across the South. If successful, Wednesday's balloting on whether employees should join the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers would send a significant message to politicians both in the region and Washington that workers here are demanding the same protections and benefits as their colleagues in other areas. And, to the leaders trying to recruit businesses by promoting their states' lack of union presence, it'd make their jobs more difficult. Labor experts say a "yes" vote would have repercussions throughout the South, potentially inspiring other workers to think about unionizing. © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Learn more about our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. ADVERTISEMENT  ADVERTISEMENT 
Top News U.S. News World News Voices Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News Defense Energy Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive The Almanac Search Home / Defense News Bell-Boeing contracted for V-22 sustainment and upgrade planning By Ryan Maass   |   Feb. 15, 2017 at 4:24 PM Follow @upi Comments Feb. 15 (UPI) -- Bell-Boeing, a joint venture between Boeing and Bell Helicopter, received a $58 million order to provide various services for the U.S. Navy's V-22 Osprey aircraft. The joint venture's latest contract with the Navy includes engineering and technical support in addition to flight test planning. The company will also perform avionics upgrade planning, qualification testing and integration testing. Services will be rendered at Ridley Park, Penn., and Fort Worth, Texas. The U.S. Department of Defense expects the work to be complete by December 2019. Bell-Boeing received $33 million in fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2017 aircraft procurement funds from the Navy and the U.S. Air Force at the time of the contract award, with $25.9 million set to expire at the end of the current fiscal year. The Naval Air Systems Command is the contracting activity. The MV-22 Osprey has been in active service with the U.S. Armed Forces since 2007, primarily used by the U.S. Marine Corps and the Air Force. The aircraft is fitted with fixed-wing and rotary-wing capabilities, and is built for high-speed vertical takeoff and landing. Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram for more news from UPI.com Related UPI Stories New muzzle brake design for M119 howitzer HAL unveils new multirole helicopter at Aero India 2017 Fincantieri begins construction of offshore patrol boats Comments Topics: Marine Corps, U.S. Marine Latest Headlines New muzzle brake design for M119 howitzer 13 hours ago ago Feb. 15 (UPI) -- U.S. Army engineers have designed a 105mm low blast overpressure muzzle brake for the M119 howitzer platform. HAL unveils new multirole helicopter at Aero India 2017 14 hours ago ago Feb. 15 (UPI) -- Hindustan Aeronautics Limited showcased a full-scale mock-up of its Indian Multi Role Helicopter during the Aero India 2017 conference in Bengaluru. Fincantieri begins construction of offshore patrol boats 15 hours ago ago Feb. 15 (UPI) -- Fincantieri has officially begun construction of the first of seven multipurpose offshore patrol ships for the Italian navy. Saab offering sensor package for Indian Tejas fighters 15 hours ago ago Feb. 15 (UPI) -- Saab, in cooperation with Indian partner companies, is offering a new sensor suite for the country's LCA-Tejas Mk1A fighters. Germany, Norway expand defense industry cooperation 16 hours ago ago Feb. 15 (UPI) -- Germany has agreed to purchase missiles from Norway's security industry in a move that expands the defense cooperation between the two countries. UPI Latest Trending Stories Senate abolishes Sandy Hook-inspired rule on guns Officials to further drain Lake Oroville to absorb coming rain, snow runoff Texas couple install 'secret hidden door' at side of house Los Angeles Lakers shopping Lou Williams, could interest Cleveland Cavaliers South Koreans blame Chinese tourists for airport garbage PHOTOS 2017 SAG Awards: On the red carpet Best of the Inaugural balls Protest signs at anti-Trump demonstrations 2017 Grammy Awards: Unique looks Explore UPI Top News Entertainment News Odd News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy News Defense News UPI Archives United Press International United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. Stay up to Date Login Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback Copyright © 2017 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Boeing workers in South Carolina vote on union News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Boeing workers in South Carolina vote on union Boeing hourly workers in South Carolina headed to the polls on Wednesday to determine whether to unionize in a region of the United States historically hostile to organized labor. Posted 16 Feb 2017 04:35 One of the Boeing aircraft prodution hangars in North Charleston, South Carolina. (AFP/PAUL J. RICHARDS) Enlarge Caption  Email More A A NEW YORK: Boeing hourly workers in South Carolina headed to the polls on Wednesday (Feb 15) to determine whether to unionise in a region of the United States historically hostile to organised labor. About 3,000 Boeing manufacturing and maintenance employees were eligible to vote in the referendum, which will determine whether they will be represented by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. The vote comes just two days before President Donald Trump is scheduled to visit the Boeing facility in North Charleston, South Carolina, for the debut of its 787-10 Dreamliner, its latest version of the fuel-efficient mid-sized aircraft. The plane is scheduled to begin commercial delivery in 2018. Boeing's investment in South Carolina was cemented with the US$1 billion purchase in 2009 of Vought Aircraft Industries, which had been a supplier to Boeing on the 787 programme. Analysts say the state's anti-union history was a factor in Boeing's investment decisions in the state. A "yes" vote by workers "could raise costs at a time when Boeing needs to get costs down," said Morningstar analyst Chris Higgins. The machinists union have argued that unionisation is a key to protecting jobs and boosting pay so that South Carolina closes the wage gap with Boeing workers in similar jobs in the state of Washington. "We think people are ready to get the respect and dignity they deserve through a union contract," union spokesman Jonathan Battaglia said. Boeing has countered that organised labour is overpromising and shifting the manufacturing operations into a union shop runs the risk of a crippling strike. The company has publicised video testimonials from employees thanking the company for making South Carolina a manufacturing centre. "A union is not in the best interests of our teammates, our business or our community," said Boeing spokeswoman Elizabeth Merida. Higgins said it was unlikely a vote to unionise would affect Boeing's plans for the building of the 787-10 given the status of the production. But a "yes" vote could affect future investment decisions, such as where to station the building of a mid-sized commercial aircraft that has been discussed. An announcement of the vote outcome was expected early Wednesday evening. The proceedings are being overseen by officials from the National Labor Relations Board. - AFP/de Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Boeing workers in South Carolina reject union By Afp Published: 21:08 EST, 15 February 2017 | Updated: 21:08 EST, 15 February 2017 e-mail One of the Boeing aircraft prodution hangars in North Charleston, South Carolina Boeing workers in South Carolina voted down union representation, handing a victory to the aerospace giant in a US region historically hostile to organized labor. Boeing said in a news release that 74 percent of the 2,828 votes cast supported the company and rejected the overtures of representation by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. "We will continue to move forward as one team," said Joan Robinson-Berry, vice president and general manager of Boeing South Carolina. "We have a bright future ahead of us, and are eager to focus on the accomplishments of this great team and to developing new opportunities." Union officials expressed disappointment. "We're disappointed the workers at Boeing South Carolina will not yet have the opportunity to see all the benefits that come with union representation" said IAM lead organizer Mike Evans in a statement released Wednesday night. "But more than anything, we are disheartened they will have to continue to work under a system that suppresses wages, fosters inconsistency and awards only a chosen few." The vote comes just two days before President Donald Trump is scheduled to visit the Boeing facility in North Charleston, South Carolina, for the debut of its 787-10 Dreamliner, its latest version of the fuel-efficient midsized aircraft. The plane is scheduled to begin commercial delivery in 2018. Boeing's investment in South Carolina was cemented with the $1 billion purchase in 2009 of Vought Aircraft Industries, which had been a supplier to Boeing on the 787 program. Analysts say the state's anti-union history was a factor in Boeing's investment decisions in the state. The machinists union had argued that unionization was a key to protecting jobs and boosting pay so that South Carolina closes the wage gap with Boeing workers in similar jobs in the state of Washington. The IAM blamed the result on a costly ad campaign by Boeing. The union must wait a year under federal labor laws before another vote can take place. "Ultimately, it will be up to the workers who dictate what happens next," Evans said. Boeing has argued that organized labor is overpromising and shifting the manufacturing operations into a union shop runs the risk of a crippling strike. The company has publicized video testimonials from employees thanking the company for making South Carolina a manufacturing center. Analysts said a vote by South Carolina to become a union shop could have hit Boeing's bottom line on the 787 plane and potentially affected future investment decisions for the plant. The proceedings were overseen by officials from the National Labor Relations Board. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Squeaky clean Holly Willoughby suffers wardrobe malfunction as she unwittingly slips out of flimsy top in throwback clip to kids' TV days 'So proud of my baby!' Kim Kardashian heaps praise on Kanye West as they head out after his 'amazing' New York Fashion Week show 'I don't feel myself at the moment': Miranda Hart 'hints mystery illness forced her to pull out of Call The Midwife'... months after citing busy schedule as her reason 'A man can try': Jamie O'Hara admits he IS trying to win back his model ex on Dubai break... and reveals the real reason he dumped Bianca Gascoigne 'She's a golddigger': Ferne McCann is slammed for 'forgetting her purse' and not offering to pay while romancing on Celebs Go Dating Still strutting! Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid walk in their third NYFW show in one day as they join Taylor Hill on the Ralph Lauren catwalk  They believe in Yeezy! Kylie Jenner wraps up as she takes Tyga to Kanye West's NYFW show Pier 59 Studios played host  Lady Gaga 'gave her engagement ring back to Taylor Kinney' before going public with new beau Christian Carino Broke up in July Tara Palmer-Tomkinson NEVER had a brain tumour despite claiming she was ill her sister reveals as friends say the It Girl made it up 'as a cry for help' 'I'm SO embarrassed': Atomic Kitten's Michelle Heaton is left red-faced when Lorraine Kelly grills her on being sick out of a taxi while on Australian tour 'He's on his way!' Kirk Norcross gets some rest as his mystery girlfriend goes into labour... amid row with ex over access to his baby daughter CBB's Bianca Gascoigne slams ex-boyfriend CJ Meeks after he was spotted on a date with lookalike blonde model 'You make me and mum smile every single day': Dan Osborne shares sweet posts of daughter Ella with Jacqueline Jossa as their toddler turns two Crisis on the cobbles! Coronation Street bosses 'at loggerheads over disturbing child grooming storyline'... as viewers express their 'discomfort' George Clooney, 55, is 'excited but nervous' about having twins with wife Amal Clooney, 39  Like any first-time parent, actor is understandably anxious  'Those sleepless nights!': Matt Damon jokes about George Clooney's delayed start and becoming an old dad at 55 Mariah Carey makes triumphant return to real-time TV on Jimmy Kimmel Live after NYE Times Square debacle  Passionate performance on live TV Date night! Mariah Carey and Bryan Tanaka grab sushi before heading to Lakers game... after she debuts new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live Holding down the homefront! Kourtney Kardashian takes children out on the West Coast as brother-in-law Kanye West debuts new collection A model family! Teresa Giudice's daughter Milania walks the runway at Rookies New York Fashion Week show Stylish duo Helen Mirren oozes sophistication in power suit and red lace camisole as she attends The Great Wall premiere with husband Taylor Hackford So in love! Matt Damon looks besotted with wife Luciana Barroso as he takes her to The Great Wall premiere in LA One of the luckiest men around Date night! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend glam up for another evening out together after Valentine's Day Time to hit the town again Singer Boy George reveals he was having a drug-induced 'psychotic episode' when he kept a male escort prisoner in his London flat Chloe Who-is? Defiant Jake Hall dismisses ex Chloe Lewis' new romance revelation as he enjoys date night with lookalike girlfriend Missé Beqiri Model mother! Lara Bingle dotes over son Rocket Zot and her precious newborn as she jets out of New York  'It was an emotional reunion': Jeremy McConnell has finally met his four-week-old son Caben-Albi... and also spent time with ex Stephanie Davis 'It seems like 2017 is the year to get pregnant': Heidi Montag congratulates former The Hills co-stars Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad on baby news Catherine Zeta-Jones turns on the glamour as she heads to LAX with Michael Douglas and their teenage daughter Carys Always chic 'We should have bashed each other!' Trainspotting's Danny Boyle says he and Ewan McGregor would have settled their feud earlier if they'd had a punch up Rhian Sugden nails the Playboy look as she shows off her incredible cleavage and tiny waist in iconic corset with bunny ears for sizzling video Newsnight presenter Kirsty Wark suffered 'hard menopause' after ditching HRT over cancer fears  The 62-year-old endured sleepless nights  Sheer delight! Christie Brinkley wears VERY thin sweater while out with daughters in NYC The 63-year-old siren donned a super sheer sweater Baby's first catwalk! Coco Austin and Ice-T help adorable daughter Chanel walk the runway at Rookie USA NY Fashion Week show Braless Paris Jackson shows off nipple rings as she enjoys girl's day out in LA before an altercation at a gas station Ashley Greene looks elegant in flowing split dress at Hollywood premiere of In Dubious Battle  Stole the show in her super chic dress A model metabolism! Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner grab greasy McDonald's as they head to another NYFW show She's no shrinking violet! Kim Kardashian forgoes her bra in sheer purple outfit at Kanye's Yeezy Season 5 show in New York 'I was nervous about the fans': Bella Heathcote feared public reaction to her role as Christian Grey's ex in Fifty Shades Darker Silver siren! Gwen Stefani stuns in metallic mini dress with matching glittered shoes for appearance on The Tonight Show Like mother like daughter! Cindy Crawford and Kaia Gerber look supermodel chic as they get ready for NYFW Looked like sisters Mel Gibson in talks to direct Suicide Squad sequel as Oscar nominee continues to enjoy career renaissance Sheer-ly amazing! Mandy Moore flashes her bra in Victorian-inspired lace at the Marchesa show during NYFW Model family! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber upstaged by kids Kaia and Presley at NYC Marc Jacobs event Center of attention What is her recipe? Domestic goddess Nigella Lawson, 57, looks remarkably wrinkle-free as she steps out in style for a night of revelry Legs for days! Cameron Diaz shows off pencil thin stems in skintight jeans while out in Beverly Hills Leggy lady Her biggest fans! Charlotte McKinney flashes some skin as she celebrates her Ocean Drive cover with her parents in Miami Bodacious in blue! Mariah Carey shows off curves in skintight mini dress as she arrives for first performance since NYE debacle From crop tops to cocktail frocks! Coco Rocha goes to two shows back-to-back and manages to make a full outfit change with minutes to spare  New 'do! Lea Michele shows off sleek shorter hair while out and about in LA after debuting it at Grammys Glee alum looked in good spirits  Top of the crops! Gorgeous Martha Hunt flashes cleavage and toned tummy at Michael Kors NYFW show The 27-year-old kept up with appearances  Back again! Ashley Graham shows off her incredible curves in tiny bikinis as she returns to the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue In slinky swimwear  Jessica Biel stuns in classy black lace dress as she sits front row at the Ralph Lauren NYFW show Stole the show Brooke Shields, 51, shows off youthful glow and flawless complexion while taking in an off-Broadway show in NYC Can still rock a red carpet  Heavenly! Olivia Culpo stands out in frilly ruched frock as she sits front row at Marchesa's NYFW runway show She's a former beauty queen She's 58, with four children already - one of whom she's lost custody of - so why WAS Madonna allowed to adopt these twins? 'I've not seen my sister in EIGHT years': Mel B's estranged sibling Danielle Brown shoots down reports of a family reunion as long-running feud continues 'What is your intention with her?': Corrine's nanny grills Nick Viall in teaser for Bachelor hometown dates episode Katherine Heigl looks slim in white blouse and jeans two months after welcoming son Joshua Jr.  Introduced her newborn on the Late Late Show  Bandaged Chloe Khan exhibits results of 'corrective nose job'... after admitting she's spent £50K going under the knife Blue singer Lee Ryan set to 'ruffle feathers and break hearts' as he lands a role in EastEnders as Albert Square's 'colourful' new bad boy California here we come! Sam Faiers and her boyfriend Paul Knightley share hugs with their adorable son Paul Jr. as they excitedly jet off to LA Rolling in the dough! Adele earned more than £500k EACH NIGHT on her hugely successful Live tour last year  Unprecedented success  Katherine Heigl shows off newborn son Joshua Jr as she reveals John Mayer helped husband Josh Kelley get serious about their relationship 'It wasn't just the flu!' Ailing Vicky Pattison scolds fan after being accused of wasting a 'valuable hospital bed' for virus Defended herself  'She got very offended': Regis Philbin reveals Kelly Ripa took his departure personally and explains they do not 'really' stay in contact Lady Mary's Valentine kiss for tragic fiance: Michelle Dockery posts poignant selfie with caption 'kiss cancer goodbye' John Dineen died of brain cancer in 2015 'I'm even excited about being tired': Mahershala Ali scores THR cover and Oscar nominee discusses childhood 'melancholy' and pending fatherhood Susan Sarandon and Lindsay Lohan among celebs enjoying night at risque NY club The Box - but Trump adviser Elon Musk stays out of view as Pussy Riot yell 'f**k Trump, f**k Putin' Airing his dirty laundry! Lauren Goodger spends Valentine's Day in PRISON with jailbird Joey Morrison... and leaves with his washing  Chloe Goodman strips down to just a thong while undergoing non-surgical 'booty makeover'... after previously working as a bum double for Cheryl  Mario Falcone 'set to make explosive return to TOWIE two years after slimming pill suspension'... despite insisting he's 'too intelligent' for show  Bootylicious! Jennifer Lopez posts very cheeky Valentine's day snap in a sexy red clinging two-piece Gave followers a treat Charlotte Crosby shows off her endless legs beneath skin-tight mini for circus launch... after posing in just lingerie ahead of solo Valentine's day MIC's Tiffany Watson adds a little sex appeal to her date night outfit in a lace bralet and fishnet tights as she joins beau Sam Thompson for pre-LFW bash Clothing optional! Nicki Minaj poses topless on a bed as she jokes about her stripper past in latest naughty Instagram post Freezing for fashion? Jessica Gomes takes a solo stroll in FREEZING New York conditions wearing a stylish thin camisole and velvet blazer . Kendall Jenner didn't make Kanye's Yeezy 5 show because she was busy walking the runway for Anna Sui with pals Gigi and Bella Hadid 'How cute!' Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid deliver McDonald's feast to sister Kim Kardashian after Kanye's Yeezy 5 show No point being coy now! Audacious Lisa Appleton bares breasts in sheer lace bodysuit for night out... before covering her face with a tiger mask TOWIE star Chloe Sims gets a little heavy-handed with the bronzer as she picks out mother-daughter fluffy coats for girls' night with Madison, 11 Justin Bieber 'named as suspect in assault investigation'... after video surfaced of him fighting man twice his size A memoir.... that Mick Jagger doesn't remember writing! Publisher claims he has manuscript of autobiography written during the 1980s  Kylie Jenner arrives LATE to join Kim Kardashian at Kanye's Yeezy 5 show... as Khloe, Kourtney, Kendall and even Kris Jenner are absent 'I'm open!' Susan Sarandon, 70, declares herself BISEXUAL as she reveals she would date a woman Promoting new movie  Bella Hadid dons lace bodysuit for Valentine's Day dinner with Kaia and Presley Gerber in New York The friends made quite the stylish group  'I owe him everything!': Blake Lively looks flirty in floral as she praises Michael Kors while cheering on his fashion show with Anna Wintour Kate Upton keeps her voluptuous figure under wraps with a heavy coat as she plugs her latest Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue Glammed-up Frankie Bridge leads The Saturdays' reunion with Vanessa White as they support bandmate Una Healy's first headline solo gig No jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio looks bright as she bares her toned tummy in a crop top at Sao Paulo airport Looks good anywhere EXCLUSIVE: Never-before-seen pictures of secretly pregnant Marilyn Monroe, who confided that her Lco-star Yves Montand was the baby's father Look away Keith! Nicole Kidman wraps her arms around Moonlight star Mahershala Ali as she talks first kiss in W magazine 'I'm not a size two but I'm strong!': Serena Williams strips off her tennis skirt to look sensational in Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue Charli XCX flashes her cleavage and abs in sheer crop top emblazoned with the words 'Sex Symbol' as she makes head-turning arrival at NME Awards Pregnant Billie Faiers masks her bump while going edgy in embroidered denim as she brings daughter Nelly to star-studded kids' bash 'You need to eat a few wholesome meals hun': Abbey Clancy sparks concerns among fans as she shares super-slim selfie Concerned response 'I have the utmost respect for her': Carlos Santana APOLOGISES after claiming Adele won Grammys because Beyonce is 'beautiful but not a singer' Kendall Jenner flaunts her figure in quirky tasselled dress as she storms the runway with Bella Hadid and Ashley Graham at Michael Kors' NYFW show Kesha submits emails in court case against her 'abuser' Dr. Luke who criticised her for breaking juice cleanse and called her a 'fat f**king refrigerator' 'Curvy' model Hunter McGrady dedicates her nude Sports Illustrated's spread to 'every woman who has ever felt uncomfortable in her body' 'Lies! Lies!': Jessica Biel is shocked to hear about ancestors as she and Courteney Cox explore roots on Who Do You Think You Are? Karlie Kloss apologizes after backlash over 'culturally insensitive' Geisha-themed photo shoot in Vogue's issue meant to celebrate diversity Hollywood activist Shailene Woodley talks about 'inspiring' meeting with Malia Obama during a Dakota pipeline protest Wonderful in winter white! Hailey Baldwin shows off her toned legs as she heads to Kanye West's Yeezy 5 show Show of support Social butterfly! Paris Hilton spring-time ready in a garden print dress at the Vivienne Tam show during NYFW Blooming lovely MIC's Stephanie Pratt flashes her bra in a semi-sheer nude bodycon after wowing in a bridal inspired gown as she launches new fashion line Strip club being sued by Joanna Krupa for using her picture in ads without permission hits back claiming she's too 'pretty' to work there Gigi to the rescue! Hadid the model citizen lends a hand after woman is knocked over on New York sidewalk Helped disentangle a pavement pileup 'Yet another breathtaking view': Oprah Winfrey and Reese Witherspoon explore New Zealand in between filming scenes for new Disney movie Specs appeal! Nicole Kidman rocks eyeglasses as she bundles up in puffer jacket on NYC set of Untouchable with Bryan Cranston She's with Rio, she is a showgirl! Kate Wright flaunts her amazing figure in racy bikini flashback... as Ferdinand romance shocks TOWIE cast Naked ambition! Gigi Hadid's younger sister Bella strips off her clothes to flash her chest in V Magazine after taking NYFW by storm 'Never a rivalry like theirs': Susan Sarandon and Jessica Lange get their claws out as Bette Davis and Joan Crawford in new trailer for FX's Feud Matt Damon reveals it took 12 hours and 700 extensions to get his long man bun for The Great Wall role He found the process 'weird.' 'A little shot of fireball gets a girl going!': RHOBH star Erika Jayne, 45, shows off fit figure in blue lingerie for very racy XXPEN$IVE music video 'They are at it again!': Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna have ANOTHER major fight as rumors of their split continue 'My greatest fear is that I won't wake up': Lisa Riley breaks down over major surgery fears... ahead of 'excess skin removal and having her lady garden tidied' 'She looks like a waxwork': Holly Hagan's fans are divided over star's transformation as they struggle to recognise her following very glam makeover Hugh Jackman evacuated from the set of The Greatest Showman after fire breaks out Shooting on Sunday when blaze began Nick Cannon was 'shaken to his core' over treatment by NBC after race gag lead to him quitting America's Got Talent Harrison Ford is spotted for the first time returning to the airport where he nearly flew INTO a Boeing 737 as FAA reveals investigation delay  Braless Jess Woodley poses in her underwear and a sexy matching camisole... as she hints at the real reason she quit Made In Chelsea Critics demand Khloe Kardashian's Protein World Tube advert is scrapped by London Underground for 'body shaming' young women  Sienna Miller flashes her bra in sheer jumper as she helps launch clothes designer sister Savannah's bridal collection Five years after dropping shared fashion range The tight stuff! Glam Frankie Essex shows off slimmed-down figure in leather trousers as she heads out for night on the town  That's no reason to feel blue! Louisa Johnson shows off her new electric hair colour as she's unveiled as the face of L'Oreal's Colorista That's one supportive wife! Kim Kardashian posts image where she's beaming at Kanye West hours before his Yeezy 5 show Cindy Crawford and husband Rande Gerber keep the romance alive with sweet Valentine's Day date after nearly 20 years of marriage Sofia Richie flashes her derriere in white thong bodysuit as she teases Kanye West's Yeezy 5 runway show Teased her Instagram followers  Love (Actually) is on the air! Director Richard Curtis reveals plans to unveil a TV sequel to his hit romantic comedy especially for Comic Relief Hilary Duff's ex-husband Mike Comrie pictured out in LA for the first time since former NHL star was accused of 'raping a woman at his home' Pregnant Natalie Portman shows off blossoming bump as she hikes with mother Shelley while counting down to baby No. 2 TOWIE newcomer Yazmin flashes her bra in plunging red blazer as she goes hand-in-hand with new love interest James Lock during filming Starting to show! Ryan Lochte's fiancée Kayla Rae Reid proudly displays growing baby bump in white crop top for mirror selfie Kanye West turns out a camouflage-packed runway for Yeezy Season 5 at his first New York Fashion Week show since his breakdown 'She looks like Jane Pountney!' Katie Price's neighbour is compared to cheating former friend after posing for Valentine's Day selfie with Kieran Hayler Celia Imrie reveals she was celebrating Bastille Day in Nice during last year's terrorist attack that left 84 dead, adding 'it was a miracle I survived'  Jemma Lucy flaunts her pert posterior in a thong in new sultry Insta... days after revealing desire for another boob job to boost her G Cup bust Made In Chelsea's Georgia Toffolo risks a wardrobe malfunction in perilously short mini as she joins leggy co-star Frankie Gaff at LFW bash Revlon ambassador Gwen Stefani talks about 'choosing love' with Blake Shelton but says she spent Valentine's Day alone Jennifer Lopez, Rachel McAdams, and David Beckham star in stunning pictures for photographer Marc Hom's portrait book EXCLUSIVE: SStar Trek's William Shatner goes boldly into court demanding that a $170 million lawsuit by a radio DJ claiming to be his son be thrown out Something to celebrate? Kimberley Walsh and Sarah Harding post gushing tributes to pregnant pal Cheryl... as she counts down to giving birth 'They walked in while I was pushing!': Jessa Duggar reveals her second home birth was so quick her mother and sister almost missed it 'We were actually homeless': Daniel MacPherson reveals struggles of US move alongside wife Zoe Ventoura   'I had $40 and an address!' Nina Agdal reveals she came to America with nothing but a modeling dream just six years ago Red hot Selena Gomez gives a peek at incredibly toned legs in sexy high-slit dress on Valentine's Day Showing a little leg in her chic dress 'She's grown so much!': Pregnant Cally Jane Beech shares throwback baby scan snap as she admits the experience has been emotional John McCain gets Punk'd! Ashton Kutcher blows the senator a kiss during Foreign Relations hearing as they give Obama and Biden a run for their money 'You have to f***ing watch it': Lena Dunham understands why Taylor Swift did not speak up during election Gave opinion in Rolling Stone chat Hilary Duff's ex-husband, former NHL star Mike Comrie is investigated by police for 'raping a woman at his Los Angeles home'  Tallia Storm borrows from the Seventies as she flaunts her taut abs in chic hippy coord while joining a bevy of stars at glitzy pre-LFW bash Quick change artist: Blake Lively switches up her style for second show during New York Fashion Week She went from flirty in floral Braless Emily Ratajkowski shows off her perky assets and enviable abs in racy crop top with sexy secretary style skirt at Michael Kors show   'Sassy!': Blac Chyna sizzles in sheer red dress which leaves little to the imagination in racy Instagram snap An eye-popping display  Not runway ready! Sara Sampaio is makeup-free and wearing odd blue coat as she heads to a show for New York Fashion Week . Sylvester Stallone's model daughter Sistine, 18, makes an elegant fashion fan in a little navy dress as she attends Michael Kors' runway show at NYFW She sure shakes it up! Bella Thorne is spotted grabbing a healthy lunch with a mystery man in LA after being linked to Sam Pepper One last workout! Kim Kardashian hits the gym ahead of husband Kanye West's comeback show at New York Fashion Week  Brooke Burke-Charvet, 45, shows off her super-fit physique in a bandeau bikini as she shares a steamy kiss with husband David in St. Barts Moment 'smirking' X Factor winner James Arthur is smashed over the head with a pint glass by a thug who had just discovered he'd slept with his girlfriend  Kanye West heads to Yeezy Season Five presentation at NYFW... following 'disastrous' show last fall Grunge-inspired Ashley James rocks a quirky bomber and chunky boots as she heads out in London with pal Charlotte de Carle Prue Leith CONFIRMS she's up for Mary Berry's job on  GBBO... as the saucy 13-year affair she had with her mum's best friend's husband is revealed Ruffling feathers? Make-up free Billie Piper opts for a low-key look as she faces off against a swan Family time Her crown jewels! Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks regally racy as she flaunts her ample chest in VERY revealing gown on the set of The Royals They could be sisters! Kate Upton, 24, joins forces with Christie Brinkley, 63, to plug Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue on Today 'Love of my life!': Rosario Dawson and comedian Eric Andre reveal they are dating in a series of sweet snaps on Valentine's Day Fresh as a daisy! Catherine Zeta Jones, 47, flaunts her tiny waist in a floral dress at Feud event in New York  She always exudes elegance Courtney Stodden puts on a busty display in plunging top as she spends Valentine's Day with celebrity surgeon who dated Heather Locklear 'I was born in BEIRUT!' Keanu Reeves slams Alison Hammond as she quizzes him about his Essex roots... despite him telling her he has never been  'Happy mom, happy life!': Mila Kunis wears statement top in LA as it's revealed she 'made out with' Ashton Kutcher during recent date night Hilary Duff and new beau Matthew Koma celebrated V-Day in Costa Rica... as her ex faces rape charges Stayed at lavish resort 'Life is about to get crazy!': Country star Thomas Rhett discovers wife is pregnant just as they adopt African baby Announced the news on social media  'Your girl fell in love with me': The Weeknd taunts Justin Bieber in new song as he continues to romance the Sorry singer's ex Selena Gomez Giving us the shoulder! Orange Is The New Black star Laverne Cox dazzles in sexy black dress as she talks new CBS show Doubt Chic and sophisticated 'Who thought a high functioning sociopath could be so popular?' Benedict's delight as Sherlock is voted the world's favourite BBC TV character  Someone making you smile? Chloe Lewis flashes a coy grin as she heads out to film for TOWIE... after revealing new romance with mystery beau RA boss Neil Portnow says Grammys don't have 'race problem' and claims Kanye skipped show due to 'medical concerns' Still feeling the love! Denzel Washington and wife of 33 years Pauletta have a ball at Lakers game on Valentine's Day Alex Mytton makes up with girlfriend Lottie Moss following Valentine's fallout as they cosy up during day in New York 'I went through every phase - too skinny, too fat!': Christie Brinkley, 63, appears on Today with daughters to talk body image Talked haters Liv Tyler wraps up warm in a chic navy coat as she goes arm-in-arm with her fiancé Dave Gardner in Paris Celebrating Valentine's Day in style  Victoria's Secret model Josephine Skriver flaunts her impeccably toned abs and eye-popping cleavage in sizzling swimwear campaign Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Podcasts Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments100+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Wonkblog Boeing workers in South Carolina vote against union The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Max Ehrenfreund By Max Ehrenfreund February 15 at 9:59 PM Follow @MaxEhrenfreund Workers walk through the Boeing South Carolina Plant as voting started on Wednesday whether the plant will be unionized in North Charleston, S.C. REUTERS/Randall Hill This post has been updated. NORTH CHARLESTON, S.C. — Workers at a Boeing plant in South Carolina voted against unionizing on Wednesday, perhaps the most important trial of unions’ influence since President Trump’s win last year. After years of bitter campaigning, the International Association of Machinists failed to sway the factory’s 3,000 workers to organize in a state profoundly hostile to organized labor. Of the approximately 2,800 workers who voted, 74 percent chose not to unionize. “We are disheartened they will have to continue to work under a system that suppresses wages, fosters inconsistency and awards only a chosen few,” the machinists’ organizer, Mike Evans, said of workers at the plant in a statement announcing the defeat. The vote came just days before President Trump is scheduled to visit the plant, which is next to the Charleston International Airport and Joint Base Charleston military facility. He plans to help unveil Boeing’s newest Dreamliner 787, a massive passenger jet, on Friday. Trump’s ascendance to the White House marked a rupture in the conventional relationship between unions and politics. During the presidential campaign, he offered American workers a new prescription for the economy, fervidly opposing free trade and immigration while rejecting taxes on the wealthy and public-assistance programs that union leadership and its Democratic allies have advocated. "It is great to have this vote behind us as we come together to celebrate that event," said Joan Robinson-Berry, the plant's general manager, in a statement about Trump's scheduled appearance. She called the new plane an "incredible accomplishment" by the plant's staff.   Jonathan Battaglia, a spokesman for the union, said there were no immediate plans to appeal the result. The machinists would have to wait at least a year before filing a new petition for another vote. A presidential visit after the union's defeat will add insult to injury for organized labor nationwide, whose leadership endorsed Hillary Clinton in last year's election — contrary to many rank-and-file members . Trump's margin among union households was the best for a Republican nominee since President Reagan's reelection, exit polls showed. With Trump's election victory came the far-reaching authority to undermine unions. Trump can now fill two vacant seats on the five-member National Labor Relations Board, giving the powerful body a Republican majority. The board administered Wednesday's vote at Boeing. Conservative observers also believe that Trump's nominee for the Supreme Court, Neil Gorsuch, would be the fifth justice in favor of making it vastly more difficult for unions to collect dues from workers. Slater and other observers predicted that unionization of workers for one of South Carolina's most recognizable manufacturers would have encouraged organizing at other facilities in the right-to-work state, which generally allows workers not to pay dues to or join a union even if they work under a contract that the union negotiated. While rates of membership in unions are depressed throughout the South, just 1.6 percent of workers in South Carolina belong to a union, the least of any state. Last year, unions lost about 20 percent of their members in the state, or roughly 9,000 workers, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. "If they get a foothold in a plant that size, that may help in efforts to expand beyond that location," South Carolina Manufacturers Alliance president Lewis Gossett said before the vote. "I don’t know a single business person that wants a union to be successful there." The alliance, an industry coalition in Columbia, ran television spots opposing the union on local stations in the weeks before the vote, including during the Super Bowl. Residents say TV, radio and billboard advertising has been ubiquitous. Labor's weakness in South Carolina is partly due to intense opposition from local politicians. Former governor Nikki Haley, now Trump's ambassador to the United Nations, said she opposed firms with unionized labor opening facilities in her state, even though new factories would presumably mean more work for her constituents. “We discourage any companies that have unions from wanting to come to South Carolina because we don't want to taint the water,” she said in 2014, joking that her high heels were for kicking out organizers. “It's not for a fashion statement,” she said. In a news conference Monday, Sen. Lindsey O. Graham (R-S.C.) argued that limited unionization had helped the state succeed economically. “I will leave it up to the people who are working at Boeing to decide what’s best for them,” he said. “Let me tell you what’s best for South Carolina — it's that Boeing stays here and grows. If you destroy the business model that led Boeing to come to South Carolina, we all lose.” South Carolina has enjoyed a resurgence in the manufacturing sector after years of closures and layoffs. The traditional industries of the South, textiles and furniture, were especially vulnerable to competition from overseas. Manufacturing employment in South Carolina fell from 336,000 workers in 2000 to 207,000 in 2010. That figure has since recovered to 240,000. Many economists say that limited unionization has helped the recovery along. “This is an advantage for South Carolina,” said Adam Ozimek, an economist with the private research firm Moody's Analytics in Westchester, Pa., before the vote. “It would probably erode some of that advantage if they were to change direction now.” Others argue that the cheap wages factory workers earn in South Carolina are not sustainable. “Right now, they’re clearly getting a big wage discount for being in South Carolina, and that’s one of the reasons there’s an election,” said Larry Mishel, president of the liberal Economic Policy Institute in D.C. According to the union, Boeing's workers in North Charleston make 36 percent less, on average, than unionized workers building the same planes at Boeing's main facility in Everett, Wash., where workers are unionized. A spokeswoman for the company responded that wages are determined by local markets. The prospect of a raise if the union won was enticing for workers at Boeing. The firm's customers pay the same prices regardless of where the aircraft are built, argued Elliott Slater, a mechanic at the plant who supported the union. "The difference is there is more profit on the upper-end," he said. "More money needs to be dispensed toward the lower-end, because we’re the ones that actually build the plane." Others were concerned that a union could sow division. Hope Wroblewski, a manufacturing technician who said she would vote against the union, worried about being called a freeloader if the union won and she refused to pay dues, or being named a scab in the event of a strike. She said she is happy with the wages and benefits at the plant, and Boeing is paying for her to earn a degree in occupational health online from Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University in Prescott, Ariz. After reading information from anti-union websites and law firms about incidents of embezzlement and fines for workers who crossed picket lines, Wroblewski said, she thought International Association of Machinists would look out for its own interests, not hers. Wroblewski said she did not vote in the presidential election, but she likes how Trump talks about the economy and is looking forward to the visit. She is still waiting, though, to see if Trump's new approach to addressing the needs of the working class will succeed. “You can talk all day long, but let me see what you’re going to do,” she said. business wonkblog true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 100+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Max Ehrenfreund writes for Wonkblog and compiles Wonkbook, a daily policy newsletter. You can subscribe here. Before joining The Washington Post, Ehrenfreund wrote for the Washington Monthly and The Sacramento Bee. Follow @MaxEhrenfreund TOP STORIES Labor nominee Puzder’s withdrawal magnifies turmoil in White House With concerns growing among Republican members of the Senate, the demise of restaurant executive Andrew Puzder’s nomination for labor secretary worsened the already deteriorating relationship between the White House and lawmakers on Capitol Hill. By Ed O'Keefe and Jonnelle Marte 7 hours ago Trump’s HUD secretary nominee buys $1.2 million Virginia mansion Flynn saga shifts balance of power between president, Congress In the wake of Michael Flynn’s resignation as national security adviser, Republican senators are vowing more aggressive oversight of the new administration, and Democrats are seizing an opportunity to ask pointed questions about President Trump’s ties to Russia. By Sean Sullivan and Karoun Demirjian 8 hours ago @pkcapitol: Senate turf war breaks out White House is on verge of raging fire over Russia allegations Trump’s friends, donors jockey for ambassador jobs Most of the top ambassadorships traditionally have gone to close friends and top campaign donors in a secret process with no public comments before a nomination. But Trump loyalists seem to be more forthcoming about their desire to represent him overseas. By Roxanne Roberts 16 hours ago Jared Kushner’s family says it won’t buy Marlins if Jeffrey Loria becomes ambassador to France Kim Jong Nam, seen in this photo from Feb. 11, 2007, was the half brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un. (Kyodo/Reuters) Airport assassination of half brother focuses new attention on North Korean leader Interviews, other official statements and leaks to the media paint a picture of an attack in which two women grabbed a man and held a cloth over his face for 10 seconds in an airport while no one noticed. A “standing order” to assassinate Kim Jong Nam had been issued years ago by his half brother, North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un, according to South Korea’s spy chief. By Anna Fifield 6 hours ago Third suspect arrested Who was Kim Jong Nam? Where Obama lectured, Trump just declares For eight years, a presidential news conference was a forum for the long-winded Professor Obama. With a new administration, brevity is in. By David Nakamura Debrief 8 hours ago Trump’s claim that there’s ‘tremendous amount of increase’ in autism cases earns 3 Pinocchios Trump characterized autism as an increasingly common disorder, but there’s not enough research and no medical consensus to determine that. By Michelle Ye Hee Lee Fact Checker 1 hour ago Share news tips with us confidentially Do you have information the public should know? Here are some ways you can securely send information and documents to Post journalists. Learn more 166 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 Scientists have just detected a major change to the Earth’s oceans linked to a warming climate 2 A first look at how German grocer Lidl plans to conquer the U.S. market 3 The Endangered Species Act may be heading for the threatened list. This hearing confirmed it. 4 Boeing workers in South Carolina vote against union 5 Why one food executive is pledging $25 million to fight his own industry Market Watch DJIA 0.52% NASDAQ 0.64% Get quote Last Update: 02/16/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business wonkblog Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining People Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Place an Ad Weekly Ads e-Edition Activate your subscription Jobs Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 27° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today Mostly cloudy skies. High near 45F. Winds SE at 10 to 15 mph.. Tonight A few clouds. Low 33F. Winds light and variable. Updated: February 16, 2017 @ 1:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell AP The Latest: Boeing workers reject efforts to unionize plant Feb 15, 2017 Updated 6 hrs ago 0 NORTH CHARLESTON, S.C. (AP) — The Latest on the vote by employees of Boeing's plant in North Charleston on whether to join a union (all times local): 8:30 p.m. Workers at a Boeing plant in South Carolina have rejected an effort by the Machinists to unionize a plant. The National Labor Relations Board on Wednesday released the results of the vote. Nearly 3,000 production workers were eligible to vote in the balloting at the aviation giant's North Charleston facilities. For weeks, both Boeing and the union bought billboards, print ads, television and radio ads, urgings workers to vote for or against the unionization effort. The Machinists initially tried to unionize the plant in 2015 but called off that vote because of what the union called a toxic atmosphere and political interference. The vote comes two days before President Donald Trump is scheduled to visit the Boeing plant for the rollout of the first Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner from the aircraft maker's campus. ___ 6:30 p.m. Counting is underway for a vote that will determine if thousands of workers at Boeing's South Carolina plant will be represented by a union. Ballots are being counted Wednesday evening for the vote on representation by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. Nearly 3,000 workers were eligible to participate in Wednesday's voting. Union officials said they expected results later in the evening. The election comes two days before President Donald Trump visits the Boeing plant in North Charleston to join in celebrating the rollout of the first Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner from the aircraft maker's campus. ___ 4:35 p.m. Voting is wrapping up for Boeing workers in South Carolina considering if they want to be unionized. Polling places were scheduled to close at 4:30 p.m. Union officials say they expect results later this evening. Nearly 3,000 workers were expected to make a decision on whether they should join the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. The vote comes two days before President Donald Trump visits the Boeing plant in North Charleston to join in celebrating the rollout of the first Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner from the aircraft maker's campus. ___ 1:20 p.m. An afternoon round of balloting has begun among South Carolina Boeing workers considering if they want to be unionized. Polls are open for several hours Wednesday afternoon at several locations on the aviation giant's manufacturing facilities in North Charleston. Nearly 3,000 production workers are eligible to participate in the vote determining if they'll be represented by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. The union petitioned for a vote in 2015 but withdrew it because of what the Machinists called a toxic atmosphere and political interference. President Donald Trump is expected to visit Boeing on Friday for the rollout of the first 787-10 Dreamliner from the South Carolina campus. A year ago, then-candidate Trump warned during a campaign appearance that, unless he won, Boeing would soon ship all its jobs from South Carolina to China, where Boeing had agreed to open a facility. ___ 10:45 a.m. South Carolina's chief executive says Boeing's workers should reject an effort to unionize the aviation giant's North Charleston facilities. In a statement provided to The Associated Press, Gov. Henry McMaster said "there is no reason to put anyone in the middle" between Boeing and its workers. The Republican governor hasn't said much publicly about the vote, which was announced last month by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. McMaster has only been in office a few weeks, after former Gov. Nikki Haley accepted a job as ambassador to the United Nations. He was an early backer of Donald Trump's presidential campaign and is expected to join the president on Friday when he visits South Carolina for the rollout of the first Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner from the aircraft maker's campus. ___ 9:30 a.m. The morning round of voting has concluded among South Carolina Boeing workers considering if they want representation by a union. The first of two voting shifts wrapped up around midmorning at the aviation giant's North Charleston facilities. Nearly 3,000 production workers are eligible to vote in the election to determine if they'll be represented by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. The union initially petitioned for a vote in 2015 but called off that election because of what the union called a toxic atmosphere and political interference. Machinists spokesman Jonathan Battaglia says the union feels Boeing workers are "ready to make history" with the vote. Boeing came to South Carolina in part because of the state's minuscule union presence. Labor experts say a "yes" vote would have repercussions throughout the South, potentially inspiring other workers to think about unionizing. ___ 6:45 a.m. Voting is underway as thousands of workers at Boeing's South Carolina plant decide if they want to unionize. Polling places opened early Wednesday morning throughout the aviation giant's sprawling facility in North Charleston. A second wave of voting takes place this afternoon. Nearly 3,000 production workers are eligible to vote in the election to determine if they'll be represented by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. The union initially petitioned for a vote in 2015 but called off that election because of what the union called a toxic atmosphere and political interference. The global aviation giant came to South Carolina in part because of the state's minuscule union presence. Labor experts say a "yes" vote would have repercussions throughout the South, potentially inspiring other workers to think about unionizing. ___ 4:10 a.m. Nearly 3,000 production workers at Boeing's South Carolina plant are deciding if they want to unionize, writing the next chapter in efforts to organize labor in large manufacturing plants across the South. If successful, Wednesday's balloting on whether employees should join the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers would send a significant message to politicians both in the region and Washington that workers here are demanding the same protections and benefits as their colleagues in other areas. And, to the leaders trying to recruit businesses by promoting their states' lack of union presence, it'd make their jobs more difficult. Labor experts say a "yes" vote would have repercussions throughout the South, potentially inspiring other workers to think about unionizing. Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Breaking News Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. FindTheCompany | Graphiq FindTheCompany | Graphiq Tags Wire Business General News Labor Unions Labor Issues Social Issues Social Affairs Production Facilities Corporate News Aircraft Manufacturing Aerospace And Defense Industry Industrial Products And Services Presidential Elections National Elections Elections Government And Politics × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. loading... POPULAR IN THIS SECTION President Donald Trump's labor secretary pick withdraws nomination Flynn, fired once by a president, now removed by another Trump knew Flynn misled WH weeks before ouster: officials National security adviser Michael Flynn resigns amid Russia controversy AP FACT CHECK: Democrats condemn Flynn based on fake tweet Business Directory Latest Local Offers Pischke Motors West Salem National Association of Realtors® -- Pischke Motors Feb 13, 2017 Clason Buick-GMC Inc Lube, Oil & Filter + Four Tire Rotation & Inspection Feb 13, 2017 ≫ today's question Are you concerned about Russia’s influence in the U.S.? You voted: Yes No Vote View Results Back More Jobs Top Jobs Job Board 30527003.pdf 30526873.pdf Bulletin ≫ things to do Feb 16 Burger night Thu, Feb 16, 2017 @ 4:30 pm Feb 16 Trivia Thu, Feb 16, 2017 @ 8:00 pm Feb 16 Kies and Kompanie Thu, Feb 16, 2017 @ 5:00 pm Feb 16 Buddhist meditation introduction Thu, Feb 16, 2017 @ 7:00 pm Feb 16 Laun Braithwaite and Gregg "Cheech" Hall Thu, Feb 16, 2017 @ 8:00 pm Feb 16 Rudy Currence Thu, Feb 16, 2017 @ 6:00 pm Feb 16 Old Time Music jam session Thu, Feb 16, 2017 @ 7:00 pm Feb 16 Story time, for ages 3 to 6 Thu, Feb 16, 2017 @ 6:30 pm Feb 16 Early Onset Dementia Support Group Thu, Feb 16, 2017 @ 4:30 pm Feb 16 Natty Nation with DJ Trichrome Thu, Feb 16, 2017 @ 8:00 pm Click here for more events Submit your event Local Business Search local business directory I'm looking for: Located near: Hint: Enter a keyword that you are looking for like tires, pizza or doctors or browse the full business directory. View local offers Local Businesses La Crosse Archery 1231 Oak Forest Dr., Onalaska, WI 54650 GM Gauge Repair Serving La Crosse & Surrounding Areas, Onalaska , WI 54650 Carroll's Popcorn & Frozen Yogurt Valley View Mall, La Crosse, WI 54601 Ads Fayze's 135-201 4th St, La Crosse, WI 54601 Currents Music The 25 most famous artists nominated for a Grammy this year +44 Lifestyles Photos: Oscar de la Renta and other highlights from New York Fashion Week +11 National 10 popular cars that were made in Mexico Today In History, Feb. 15: Jeffrey Dahmer Today's Birthdays, Feb. 15: Matt Groening Today’s top pics: Day one Westminster Dog Show and more Today In History, Feb. 14: "St. Valentine's Day Massacre" New Orleans' big weekend: NBA All-Star Game meets Mardi Gras Russ and KD: Another weekend, another subplot awaits Knicks at Thunder on February 15, 2017 Russell Westbrook Top Scoring Games in 2016-17 TODAY'S TOP VIDEO Second arrest in Kim Jong Nam's death Facebook Live with Will Ripley out of N. Korea Iranians welcome US wrestlers after travel ban Inside North Korea via Facebook Live News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai The Latest: Boeing workers reject efforts to unionize plant Associated PressFebruary 16, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share NORTH CHARLESTON, S.C. (AP) — The Latest on the vote by employees of Boeing's plant in North Charleston on whether to join a union (all times local): 8:30 p.m. Workers at a Boeing plant in South Carolina have rejected an effort by the Machinists to unionize a plant. The National Labor Relations Board on Wednesday released the results of the vote. Nearly 3,000 production workers were eligible to vote in the balloting at the aviation giant's North Charleston facilities. For weeks, both Boeing and the union bought billboards, print ads, television and radio ads, urgings workers to vote for or against the unionization effort. The Machinists initially tried to unionize the plant in 2015 but called off that vote because of what the union called a toxic atmosphere and political interference. The vote comes two days before President Donald Trump is scheduled to visit the Boeing plant for the rollout of the first Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner from the aircraft maker's campus. ___ 6:30 p.m. Counting is underway for a vote that will determine if thousands of workers at Boeing's South Carolina plant will be represented by a union. Ballots are being counted Wednesday evening for the vote on representation by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. Nearly 3,000 workers were eligible to participate in Wednesday's voting. Union officials said they expected results later in the evening. The election comes two days before President Donald Trump visits the Boeing plant in North Charleston to join in celebrating the rollout of the first Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner from the aircraft maker's campus. ___ 4:35 p.m. Voting is wrapping up for Boeing workers in South Carolina considering if they want to be unionized. Polling places were scheduled to close at 4:30 p.m. Union officials say they expect results later this evening. Nearly 3,000 workers were expected to make a decision on whether they should join the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. The vote comes two days before President Donald Trump visits the Boeing plant in North Charleston to join in celebrating the rollout of the first Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner from the aircraft maker's campus. ___ 1:20 p.m. An afternoon round of balloting has begun among South Carolina Boeing workers considering if they want to be unionized. Polls are open for several hours Wednesday afternoon at several locations on the aviation giant's manufacturing facilities in North Charleston. Nearly 3,000 production workers are eligible to participate in the vote determining if they'll be represented by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. The union petitioned for a vote in 2015 but withdrew it because of what the Machinists called a toxic atmosphere and political interference. President Donald Trump is expected to visit Boeing on Friday for the rollout of the first 787-10 Dreamliner from the South Carolina campus. A year ago, then-candidate Trump warned during a campaign appearance that, unless he won, Boeing would soon ship all its jobs from South Carolina to China, where Boeing had agreed to open a facility. ___ 10:45 a.m. South Carolina's chief executive says Boeing's workers should reject an effort to unionize the aviation giant's North Charleston facilities. In a statement provided to The Associated Press, Gov. Henry McMaster said "there is no reason to put anyone in the middle" between Boeing and its workers. The Republican governor hasn't said much publicly about the vote, which was announced last month by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. McMaster has only been in office a few weeks, after former Gov. Nikki Haley accepted a job as ambassador to the United Nations. He was an early backer of Donald Trump's presidential campaign and is expected to join the president on Friday when he visits South Carolina for the rollout of the first Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner from the aircraft maker's campus. ___ 9:30 a.m. The morning round of voting has concluded among South Carolina Boeing workers considering if they want representation by a union. The first of two voting shifts wrapped up around midmorning at the aviation giant's North Charleston facilities. Nearly 3,000 production workers are eligible to vote in the election to determine if they'll be represented by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. The union initially petitioned for a vote in 2015 but called off that election because of what the union called a toxic atmosphere and political interference. Machinists spokesman Jonathan Battaglia says the union feels Boeing workers are "ready to make history" with the vote. Boeing came to South Carolina in part because of the state's minuscule union presence. Labor experts say a "yes" vote would have repercussions throughout the South, potentially inspiring other workers to think about unionizing. ___ 6:45 a.m. Voting is underway as thousands of workers at Boeing's South Carolina plant decide if they want to unionize. Polling places opened early Wednesday morning throughout the aviation giant's sprawling facility in North Charleston. A second wave of voting takes place this afternoon. Nearly 3,000 production workers are eligible to vote in the election to determine if they'll be represented by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. The union initially petitioned for a vote in 2015 but called off that election because of what the union called a toxic atmosphere and political interference. The global aviation giant came to South Carolina in part because of the state's minuscule union presence. Labor experts say a "yes" vote would have repercussions throughout the South, potentially inspiring other workers to think about unionizing. ___ 4:10 a.m. Nearly 3,000 production workers at Boeing's South Carolina plant are deciding if they want to unionize, writing the next chapter in efforts to organize labor in large manufacturing plants across the South. If successful, Wednesday's balloting on whether employees should join the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers would send a significant message to politicians both in the region and Washington that workers here are demanding the same protections and benefits as their colleagues in other areas. And, to the leaders trying to recruit businesses by promoting their states' lack of union presence, it'd make their jobs more difficult. Labor experts say a "yes" vote would have repercussions throughout the South, potentially inspiring other workers to think about unionizing. Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Trump now owns Obamacare 7524 messages3%65%32% Unlimited Data Talk and Text Sprint®Sponsored Justin Bieber might have thrown shade at The Weeknd Mom Says This Photo Shows the Ghost of Her Son Watching Over His Twin 1169 messages3%78%19% Police brutality protests in Paris suburbs 44 messages2%69%29% Wall Street "Poster Boy" Makes A Big Prediction Banyan HillSponsored Inside one of world's largest mermaid convention's fin-tastic weekend ‘Deadliest Catch’ Family Joins in Mourning the Loss of Bering Sea Brothers Aboard the F/V Destination 507 messages8%63%29% Melania Trump Is ‘Miserable’ as First Lady, ‘Unhappy With How Her Life Ended Up’ 3578 messages4%57%39% The Last Diet You'll Ever Need The Mayo Clinic DietSponsored Scarlett Johansson Talks About the Challenges of Monogamy After Splitting With Romain Dauriac 3970 messages6%71%23% Photos of the day - February 15, 2017 24 messages4%92%4% Questions surround Trump associates' reported communications with Russia Fight 93% Of Skin Issues With This Simple Hack Gundry MDSponsored A crush of crises all but buries the young Trump White House 6464 messages4%57%39% 'I don't believe in fake news': 'Morning Joe' host explains why she barred Kellyanne Conway from the show 14383 messages5%57%38% Senate Republicans push for answers on Trump team's Russia ties Trump is unAmerican: You hire a clown and you get a circus. Is anyone surprised at the gross incompetence of this administration - it starts at the top . . . ! Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2.1k Yahoo-ABC News Network Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Did Singapore Airlines Just Kill the Airbus A380 Jumbo Jet? Singapore Airlines' decision to order 20 777-9s represents another blow to Airbus' troubled A380 aircraft program. Adam Levine-Weinberg (TMFGemHunter) Feb 15, 2017 at 11:25AM Last week, Singapore Airlines picked Boeing (NYSE:BA) over Airbus (NASDAQOTH:EADSY) for the next stage of its fleet renewal. It signed a letter of intent for 20 777-9s and 19 787-10s, which should be converted to a firm order soon. Singapore Airlines will also have options for six more of each aircraft type. Boeing's win is a loss for the Airbus A350 program. Singapore Airlines is the top customer for the popular A350-900 variant, with 67 firm orders, but it hasn't ordered the larger A350-1000. Now that the carrier has a 777X order on the books, it isn't likely to pursue the larger A350 model -- let alone having any interest in a proposed stretch of the A350-1000. Singapore Airlines is the largest customer for the A350-900. Image source: Singapore Airlines. However, at least one analyst thinks that the order for 20 Boeing 777-9s could also be a death blow for Airbus' A380 jumbo jet. Let's see if there's any truth to this claim. The A380 is running out of orders The A380 jumbo jet program certainly isn't doing well. Orders have slowed to a crawl in the past few years, forcing Airbus to reduce production by more than half. Indeed, Airbus has just 110 firm orders left for the A380. In theory, that represents nine years of production at the new planned production rate of 12 per year. In reality, the situation is much worse than that. As many as 47 of the remaining orders are likely to fall through. These include 20 A380s ordered by aircraft lessor Amedeo -- which hasn't been able to line up a single customer despite years of trying -- and eight A380s ordered by Qantas that management has definitively said it does not want. Of the other 63 outstanding A380 orders, 50 are for a single customer: Middle Eastern airline giant Emirates. Yet while Emirates has been a huge fan of the A380, Airbus' jumbo jet cannot survive with a single customer. Singapore Airlines is an important A380 customer That's where Singapore Airlines comes in. Singapore Airlines became the first airline to fly the A380 in 2007. Furthermore, it is the second-largest customer for the A380 -- albeit a distant second -- with 24 total orders. Singapore Airlines ordered more A380s than any airline other than Emirates. Image source: Singapore Airlines. Singapore Airlines still has five A380s on order with Airbus. However, the leases for its first five A380s are expiring soon. The first expiration will occur later this year, and the carrier has already announced that it will return the plane rather than renewing the lease. Most analysts expect Singapore Airlines to return the other four as well. That would keep its A380 fleet steady at 19 aircraft. Singapore Airlines is one of the most highly regarded airlines in the world, so its fleet decisions can be influential among other carriers. As one of the first airlines to order the A380, Singapore Airlines paved the way for others to follow. If its new 777X order indicates that it is moving away from the A380, other airlines might follow its lead once again. The A380 becomes less useful The 777-9 isn't a direct replacement for the A380. Boeing says that it will hold 400-425 seats in a standard configuration, compared to 544 for the A380. (A real-world configuration for Singapore Airlines would have significantly fewer seats, though.) However, Singapore Airlines has been struggling with steep fare declines in many of its markets recently, driven by slow economic growth and overcapacity. Many analysts expect this overcapacity -- and the resulting fare pressure -- to linger. In this environment, Singapore Airlines might be perfectly happy to move away from the enormous A380. The 777-9 will be smaller than the A380, but far more fuel-efficient. Image source: Boeing. Last year, Boeing was rumored to be working on a slight stretch of the 777-9 that would boost its capacity by 30-40 seats. This would be even closer to the A380 in terms of seating capacity, with much lower unit costs -- giving carriers like Singapore Airlines even less reason to remain committed to the A380. Can the A380 find a new market? Singapore Airlines' 777X order confirms that yet another airline is becoming disillusioned with the A380. However, this had already been foreshadowed last year when the carrier announced that it would not renew its first A380 lease. Singapore Airlines isn't the only A380 operator that likes to maintain a very young fleet. As these carriers remove mid-aged A380s from their fleets in the coming years, a large supply of cheap used A380s will hit the market. This is a double-edged sword. On the one hand, these used planes may cannibalize some orders for new A380s from Airbus. On the other hand, bringing the cost down could encourage long-haul low-cost carriers and other smaller airlines to experiment with the A380. That could lead to orders later on, assuming that the A380 became a profitable tool for those carriers. It's probably fair to say that the Airbus A380 is doomed as a hub-and-spoke airplane. Most A380 operators have already ordered the 777X, and they may find that those planes have plenty of capacity for their needs. However, the A380 still has an outside chance at survival if it can develop a completely new market among low-cost carriers looking to pack as many people as possible onto a single plane. Adam Levine-Weinberg owns shares of Boeing. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Adam Levine-Weinberg (TMFGemHunter) Adam Levine-Weinberg is a senior Industrials/Consumer Goods specialist with The Motley Fool. He is an avid stock-market watcher and a value investor at heart. He primarily covers airline, auto, retail, and tech stocks. Follow him on Twitter for the latest news and commentary on the airline industry! Follow @AdamLLW Article Info Feb 15, 2017 at 11:25AM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $169.30 up $0.80 (0.47%) Airbus NASDAQOTH:EADSY $17.52 up $0.04 (0.26%) Read More Will Boeing and Airbus Suffer as European Airlines Cut Capital Spending? Who Builds the Most Expensive Spaceships? Europe Green-Lights a Space Monopoly to Combat ULA and SpaceX Can Airbus Surpass Boeing Co.'s Aircraft Production? Will Brexit Change Virgin Atlantic's Aircraft Purchase Plans? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Did Singapore Airlines Just Kill the Airbus A380 Jumbo Jet? @themotleyfool #stocks $BA, $EADSY
Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News BUDGET 2017 Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio BLink Auto focus Clean Tech Emerging Entrepreneurs Flight Plan India File India Interior Pulse Technophile Luxe New Manager AERO INDIA 2017 Jet Airways plans to order 75 new Boeing aircraft worth $7.5 billion K Giriprakash comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet Bengaluru, February 15:   Jet Airways is expected to order 75 Boeing 737 Max planes worth over $7.5 billion, according to the US-based aircraft maker. Dinesh Keskar, Senior Vice-President (Sales), Asia Pacific and India, Boeing Commercial Airplanes, told BusinessLine that airlines in India have totally ordered hundreds of aircraft. These include, 75 Boeing 737 Max aircraft by Jet Airways, 155 Max by SpiceJet, 787-9 for Jet Airways, four 787-4 and three 777 for Air India. “We have always said that when it comes to wide-bodied aircraft, we are the dominant player,” Keskar said. Jet has leased four more Max, which is not part of the tally. He said Boeing continues to see strong growth for India’s commercial aviation sector. “The major factors we watch – the exchange rate, fuel price and the profitability of the airlines – are all still favourable and we remain confident in the strong growth of India’s commercial aviation sector,” Keskar said. He said Boeing expects more than 100 million passengers to fly domestically this year. According to Boeing’s 2016 India Current Market Outlook, close to 1,850 new airplanes – valued at $265 billion – will be needed in India over the next 20 years. Single-aisle airplanes such as the Next-Generation 737 and 737 MAX will continue to account for the largest share of new deliveries, while wide-body airplanes such as the 787 Dreamliner and the 777 family, make up the remainder of demand. “We look forward to delivering several more 787 Dreamliners to Air India this year, and the 737 MAX to SpiceJet and Jet Airways in 2018.” The 737 MAX family builds on the success of the Next-Generation 737, he said. The 737 MAX will deliver 20 per cent lower fuel use than the first Next-Generation 737s and the lowest operating costs in its class – 8 per cent per seat less than its nearest competitor. (This article was published on February 15, 2017) Post Comment Related TOPICS transport and logistics | airlines and aviation | Companies  »  Jet Airways (India) Limited Quotes Snapshot Company Background Board of Directors Balance Sheet Profit & Loss Quarterly Results Financial Ratios Share Holding Pattern Score Board MF Holdings News Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. BusinessLine Special: India at 70 Godrej Group - Enterprise, ethics: the two pillars of an empire Godrej Group - Enterprise, ethics: the two pillars of an empire How the Godrej Group channelled the swadeshi spirit at home, and then went global » The Godrej rhyme The Godrej rhyme This poem, which traces the evolution of the Godrej Group in the early days, was read by Nadir Godrej in 1997, the centenary of the Group’s founding, at the inauguration of a research centre named af... » This is an outstanding business to be in: N Srinivasan This is an outstanding business to be in: N Srinivasan India Cements Managing Director N Srinivasan walks R Balaji through the company’s journey over seven decades.How have India Cements and the domestic cement indust... » India Cements : A company in the business of ‘nation-building’ India Cements : A company in the business of ‘nation-building’ It is the produce from India Cements’ factories that have gone into building iconic Indian landmarks » Read More » BusinessLine Infographics Infographic Series: Explore the Indian economy in graphic detail Infographic: India Inc's small companies to get the benefit of lower tax Infographic: Progress card on Modi's pet projects Read More » MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED Not snake oil anymore Bharat Electronics bags offset contract order from Elbit Systems Jet Airways plans to order 75 new Boeing aircraft worth $7.5 billion The art of walking away Vivo V5 Plus: A lot of money just to click a good selfie Airbus to set up skill centre in Telangana When uniforms get personalised Dassault aims to sell more Rafale jets in India Changing our ego-system Another tech show is coming and it's all mobile Top Gainers / Top Losers LATEST NEWS Realty, healthcare stocks push Sensex up 158 points 3 min. ago Essar to invest Rs 10,000 crore for setting up 1,200-MW power plant in Jharkhand 8 min. ago Mehbooba Mufti to expand Council of Ministers 11 min. ago Samsung launches new range of refrigerators, air-conditioners 21 min. ago Tata Motors inks pact with Microsoft for connected vehicle tech 57 min. ago More » Union Budget 2016 in Interactive graphics Interactive graphic: What the Budget meant for rural India Interactive graphic: What the Budget meant for rural India The Budget heavily focused on rural India and the farm economy, BusinessLine breaks down the key announcements and why it is necessary to focus on India's hinterland » Interactive graphic: How have Modi's pet schemes fared? Interactive graphic: How have Modi's pet schemes fared? Use this graphic to understand how the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojna, JAM trinity and Bima yojna performed » Interactive graphic: Indian corporates bear the tax burden Interactive graphic: Indian corporates bear the tax burden Did you know Indian corporates pay more tax than their BRIC peers, and also other economies the world over? BusinessLine breaks it down for you » Read More » O P E N close Recent Article in Specials Strata, Reliance Defence sign MoU Strata Manufacturing PJSC (Strata), the advanced composite aero-structures manufacturing company, wholly owned by Mubadala Development C... » Business Line: Home | News | BUDGET 2017 | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. U.S. + International Business Stocks post best winning streak in 25 years World Access Companies Car News Interactives Trumponomics Trump Inc. CNNMoney Sport Player ROI Who is..? CNNMoney Investigates American Opportunity 5 Stunning Stats Growing India The Feed Markets Stocks post best winning streak in 25 years Investing Economy Buzz Fed Focus ETF Center Premarkets Market Movers Dow 30 After-Hours World Markets America's Debt & the Economy Before the Bell New Investor Investing Guide Fear & Greed Tech Microsoft unveils new, nicer chat bot Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Powering Your World Upstarts Innovative Cities Unhackable 15 Questions Media Personal Finance State retirement plans could be over before they start Save Spend Ahead Wheels Real Estate Careers Millennials & Money Your Money Homes Calculators Money Moves 24 Hours With Money Essentials My Watch List Loan Center Small Biz 'We are entrepreneurs, professors, scientists, artists' Startups Empire Women Entrepreneurs Luxury Pagani reveals $2.4 million convertible Style Away Rare Drive Wealth Rich Quiz The Collector A Gentleman's Guide Millionaire Calculator Log In Log Out Boeing workers in South Carolina overwhelmingly reject union by Chris Isidore   @CNNMoney February 15, 2017: 9:09 PM ET Boeing shoots a plane into the air like a rocket Boeing's newest plant in South Carolina will remain nonunion after workers there overwhelmingly rejected an effort by the Machinist union to organize the plant. According to a company statement, more than 2,000 of the nearly 3,000 Boeing workers at the plant eligible to vote in the closely watched election voted against the union, and only a bit more than 700 members voted yes. "We will continue to move forward as one team," said Joan Robinson-Berry, vice president and general manager of Boeing South Carolina. "We have a bright future ahead of us and are eager to focus on the accomplishments of this great team." Manufacturers have been drawn to the South because the region is strongly anti-union. Less than 2% of South Carolina workers are union members, the lowest unionization rate in the nation. Boeing (BA) spent billions to open its North Charleston plant, arguing it needs to assure customers who buy the 787 Dreamliner, which is built there, that the plant wouldn't go on strike. Related: Trump move on Iran could cost jobs at Boeing A win would have given the Machinists, who represent most Boeing factory workers, even more leverage over Boeing in future labor talks. The loss could further encourage other manufacturers to open union-free plants in the South. The vote was seen as an uphill battle for the union, which dropped plans for a vote last year. About 40% to 50% of organizing votes fail. "Boeing management spent a lot of money to make sure power and profits remained concentrated at the very top," said Mike Evans, the union's chief organizer. The union will now have to wait at least a year to petition for another representation vote. "The IAM remains committed to getting Boeing South Carolina workers the respect, wages and consistency they deserve." Boeing's South Carolina assembly line, where workers voted Wednesday not to join the Machinist union. The plant will get additional attention this week as President Donald Trump plans to visit the plant Friday to mark the completion of the first 787-10, the newest version of the Dreamliner. "It is great to have this vote behind us as we come together to celebrate that event," said Robinson-Berry. Wages were a key issue in the vote. The union says South Carolina workers earn about $10 an hour less than union members at Boeing's Washington state plants. Related: Boeing pitches China facility as Trump-friendly For its part, Boeing says pay scales are driven by wages in the local market, and that the South Carolina plant already pays better than a union-represented Boeing plant in Alabama. The company emphasized the cost of union dues, about $800 a year, as well as the risk that the workers could be caught up in a strike they opposed. CNNMoney (New York) First published February 15, 2017: 10:28 AM ET Social Surge - What's Trending Businesses rally in support of #ADayWithoutImmigrants The Muay Thai brand using social media to take the fight to its rivals $4 million Lamborghini supercars recalled after fires Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 CNNMoney Sponsors NextAdvisor Paid Partner Transferring credit card balances to a 21-month 0% APR is ingenious 7 outrageous credit cards if you have excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived Partner Offers Paid Partner Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2017 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds GNCars The UAE's first stop shop for buying and selling cars. GNCareers Give your career a boost. Find the best and latest jobs. GNClassifieds The site for buying and selling almost anything. GNproperty Region's leading property site for buying and renting. Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES AVIATION February 16, 2017 | Last updated 2 minutes ago ---- usd---- 24KGold--   Hot Topics: World Government Summit Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE News Business Data Equities Commodities Currencies top stories in Data Gold prices continue to fall in Dubai Dubai gold prices hit record high UAE shoppers go easy on gold jewellery Gold Rate Sectors18 Markets10 Automotives1 Banking1 Construction Employment2 Features General Investment2 Media Careers2 Energy58 Retail1 Shipping Technology9 Telecoms1 Tourism1 top stories in Sectors Content a stumbling block for AR and VR take-off Digital natives to fuel growth for Honor Rising hack attacks targets Mideast users Renewables Aviation3 Live Flights top stories in Aviation Strikes to cause disruption at German airports Trump warms to Ex-Im Bank value Idex 2017 to kick start on Sunday Economy2 Property11 GN Property top stories in Property Tough year ahead for Dubai real estate sector Mid-market Dubai communities near mid-2014 high Ibn Battuta Mall area expansion to cost Dh850m Money Visas Analysis4 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Boeing fortunes brighten as Trump warms to Ex-Im Bank value Trump’s Twitter tirade gave Muilenburg an opening to press his case Published: 19:24 February 15, 2017 Bloomberg   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE Washington: After a rocky start, Boeing Co. Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg appears to have gained the ear of President Donald Trump. The US plane maker was one of Trump’s first post-election corporate targets, and a tweet about soaring Air Force One costs briefly tanked the company’s shares in December. But the Twitter tirade also gave Muilenburg an opening to press the case of the largest US exporter — and the 1.5 million jobs at its jet-equipment suppliers — in meetings with Trump. The CEO’s entreaties seem to have worked. Trump has emerged as a booster for Boeing’s F/A-18 fighter jets and voiced support to lawmakers for a key Boeing initiative: reopening the US Export-Import Bank for major deals. Trump will fly to Boeing’s South Carolina factory to attend an event Friday showcasing the newest 787 Dreamliner, where he’s expected to make an announcement about the federal export credit agency. “The supply chain for Boeing doesn’t just run through the state of Washington,” said Howard Rubel, an analyst at Jefferies. The Ex-Im Bank is “a door opener.” Supporting the lender would put Trump at odds with some fellow Republicans, who view the bank as providing corporate welfare. Boeing Bank Ex-Im has been dubbed the “Bank of Boeing” for the backing it has given to aircraft purchases by airlines unable to tap conventional credit markets. But it’s been blocked from providing loan guarantees of more than $10 million because it lacks a board member whose nomination has been stuck in a Senate committee since 2015. Trump is committed to re-establishing a quorum on the bank’s board, US Senator Heidi Heitkamp, a Democrat from North Dakota, said after a Feb. 9 bipartisan lunch meeting between the president and lawmakers. That’s needed to allow the bank to lend more as it faces a backlog of as much as $30 billion in projects. Senator Richard Shelby, an opponent of the bank, had blocked nominees to the board over the past two years as chairman of the Senate Banking Committee. In January the Alabama Republican moved from the Banking to chair the Rules Committee, removing one hurdle for giving Ex-Im a quorum. Boeing and General Electric Co. have argued that without the financing, they would face a competitive disadvantage against companies in Europe, Canada, Brazil, China and Russia, who don’t face similar restrictions. More from Aviation Strikes to cause disruption at German airports 04:56 am Trump warms to Ex-Im Bank value Idex 2017 to kick start on Sunday Rolls-Royce tumbles to record $5.8b loss Emirates says flight was delayed by Delta Muscat International Airport ready by year end Etihad flight diverted due to 'security threat' Emirates CEO not worried about US open sky deals tags from this storyUnited States follow this tag on MGNDonald Trump follow this tag on MGNChina follow this tag on MGNCanada follow this tag on MGNBrazil follow this tag on MGNRussia follow this tag on MGNTwitter follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessAviation tagsUnited States follow this tag on MGN+ MGNDonald Trump follow this tag on MGN+ MGNChina follow this tag on MGN+ MGNCanada follow this tag on MGN+ MGNBrazil follow this tag on MGN+ MGN Also In AviationStrikes to cause disruption at German airports Business Gallery Classic car collectors gather in Paris Look: Inside the most expensive home in US Business Videos PlayAbu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedGalleriesVideos 01Etihad flight diverted due to 'security threat' 02Strikes to cause disruption at German airports 03Idex 2017 to kick start on Sunday 04Emirates says flight was delayed by Delta 05Trump warms to Ex-Im Bank value 11Images Look: Inside the most expensive home in US Feb 08, 2017 14Images In Pictures: Hatta Honey Festival Feb 02, 2017 20Images Highlights: SIHH luxury watch show Jan 18, 2017 1Image In pictures: Cannes Yachting Festival Sep 07, 2016 Play Abu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Nov 24, 2016 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens Oct 01, 2016 Play Emirati who created 2 successful companies Jan 02, 2016 Explore the UAE Find the right airport Currency Converter first-currency currencyAEDDinarRupee= first-currency currencyINRDinarRupee Most Popular on Gulf News UAE to build first city on Mars by 2117 14 rescued after blaze near Floating Bridge Etihad flight diverted due to 'security threat' UAE wakes up to wet, rainy conditions Three bodies found in Sharjah oil tank Getting a Dubai driving licence could get harder Man caught growing marijuana in villa World Government Summit 2017: as it happened Friends, family pay tribute to Indian student Close Recommended For You Tribal leader among dead in US raid in YemenPUBLISHED ON Feb 16, 2017 Few good alternatives to Palestinian statePUBLISHED ON Feb 16, 2017 Kim Jong Nam assassination: Second woman heldPUBLISHED ON Feb 16, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing Digital About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #BudgetSpeech #Personal I-T rate #Budget2017 #PopulistBudget #IRCTC News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-IANS » Business-Economy India's January exports at over $22 bn grow 4% year-on-year Business Standard High potential for air travel growth in India during 2017: Boeing IANS  |  Bangalore  February 15, 2017 Last Updated at 20:50 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UTQCXF ALSO READ Air India, Air Austral enter into code share pact Air India announces two free air tickets to winners of Rio Paralympians Air India signs code share agreement with Air Austral Zoom Air to focus on under-served air routes Air India eyes Rs 300 crore operating profit this fiscal Global aerospace major Boeing on Wednesday said that it saw a high potential for air travel growth in India during 2017. "The major factors we watch - the exchange rate, fuel price and the profitability of the airlines - are all still favourable and we remain confident in the strong growth of India's commercial aviation sector," said Dinesh Keskar, Senior Vice President, Asia Pacific and India Sales, Boeing Commercial Airplanes. "We see the potential for travel growth in 2017 to continue to be high in India and we expect more than 100 million passengers to fly domestically this year," Keskar spoke during a briefing organised by Boeing at the 2017 Aero India Airshow in Bangalore. According to Keskar, Boeing continues to provide the airlines in India with the most fuel efficient and capable airplanes in every market segment. "We look forward to delivering several more 787 Dreamliners to Air India this year and the 737 MAX to SpiceJet and Jet Airways in 2018," Keskar said. Earlier, Boeing's 2016 India Current Market Outlook (CMO), had shown that the country's airlines would require 1,850 new airplanes, valued at $265 billion over the next 20 years. As per the 2016 India CMO, single-aisle airplanes such as the Next-Generation 737 and 737 MAX will continue to account for the largest share of new deliveries, while wide-body airplanes such as the 787 Dreamliner and the 777 family, will make up for the remainder of demand. --IANS rv/dg (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Air India | India | News-ians | Business-economy PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Banking conveinience on the go, anytime...anywhere Save Tax on Your Premium u s 80D Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Double Benefits Cashless Treatments plus Tax Savings Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Exploring Untapped Potential of Mutual Funds. IIM Bangalore: Aerospace Management Programme Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Supercharge your Indian property portfolio Main Jahan, Mera Bank Wahan New to investing in shares? Bengal Global Business Summit. click here Your Loan Eligibility Holds the Key to Your Dream Home Rise and fall of Bitcoin, does history repeat itself? New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Why are More People Applying for Personal Loans? High potential for air travel growth in India during 2017: Boeing Global aerospace major Boeing on Wednesday said that it saw a high potential for air travel growth in India during 2017. Global aerospace major Boeing on Wednesday said that it saw a high potential for air travel growth in India during 2017. "The major factors we watch - the exchange rate, fuel price and the profitability of the airlines - are all still favourable and we remain confident in the strong growth of India's commercial aviation sector," said Dinesh Keskar, Senior Vice President, Asia Pacific and India Sales, Boeing Commercial Airplanes. "We see the potential for travel growth in 2017 to continue to be high in India and we expect more than 100 million passengers to fly domestically this year," Keskar spoke during a briefing organised by Boeing at the 2017 Aero India Airshow in Bangalore. According to Keskar, Boeing continues to provide the airlines in India with the most fuel efficient and capable airplanes in every market segment. "We look forward to delivering several more 787 Dreamliners to Air India this year and the 737 MAX to SpiceJet and Jet Airways in 2018," Keskar said. Earlier, Boeing's 2016 India Current Market Outlook (CMO), had shown that the country's airlines would require 1,850 new airplanes, valued at $265 billion over the next 20 years. As per the 2016 India CMO, single-aisle airplanes such as the Next-Generation 737 and 737 MAX will continue to account for the largest share of new deliveries, while wide-body airplanes such as the 787 Dreamliner and the 777 family, will make up for the remainder of demand. --IANS rv/dg (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 High potential for air travel growth in India during 2017: Boeing Global aerospace major Boeing on Wednesday said that it saw a high potential for air travel growth in India during 2017. "The major factors we watch - the exchange rate, fuel price and the profitability of the airlines - are all still favourable and we remain confident in the strong growth of India's commercial aviation sector," said Dinesh Keskar, Senior Vice President, Asia Pacific and India Sales, Boeing Commercial Airplanes. "We see the potential for travel growth in 2017 to continue to be high in India and we expect more than 100 million passengers to fly domestically this year," Keskar spoke during a briefing organised by Boeing at the 2017 Aero India Airshow in Bangalore. According to Keskar, Boeing continues to provide the airlines in India with the most fuel efficient and capable airplanes in every market segment. "We look forward to delivering several more 787 Dreamliners to Air India this year and the 737 MAX to SpiceJet and Jet Airways in 2018," Keskar said. Earlier, Boeing's 2016 India Current Market Outlook (CMO), had shown that the country's airlines would require 1,850 new airplanes, valued at $265 billion over the next 20 years. As per the 2016 India CMO, single-aisle airplanes such as the Next-Generation 737 and 737 MAX will continue to account for the largest share of new deliveries, while wide-body airplanes such as the 787 Dreamliner and the 777 family, will make up for the remainder of demand. --IANS rv/dg (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
null
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Home Budget 2017MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMF TechJobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWSpeedET Portfolio Industry Auto News Banking/Finance BankingFinance Cons. Products DurablesElectronicsFashion / Cosmetics / JewelleryFMCGFoodGarments / TextilesLiquorPaintsTobacco Energy PowerOil & Gas Ind'l Goods/Svs ConstructionEngineeringCementChem / FertilisersMetals & MiningPackagingPaper / Wood / Glass/ Plastic/ MarblesPetrochemSteel Healthcare/Biotech BiotechHealthcarePharmaceuticals Services AdvertisingConsultancy / AuditEducationHotels / RestaurantsProperty / C'structionRetailTravel More Media/EntertainmentEntertainmentMediaTelecomTransportationRailwaysAirlines / AviationShipping / TransportTech RailwaysAirlines / AviationShipping / Transport ET Home›Industry›Transportation›Airlines / Aviation 11:50 AM | 16 Febmarket stats SENSEX 28,281125.60 NIFTY 50 8,76944.75 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 29,19956.00 USD/INR 66.930.02 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex surges 100 points; Nifty50 nears 8,800 level Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW High potential for air travel growth in India during 2017: Boeing By PTI | Updated: Feb 15, 2017, 10.14 PM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » SpiceJet | Jet Airways | Boeing | air travel | 787 Dreamliners Boeing continues to provide the airlines in India with the most fuel efficient and capable airplanes in every market segment. RELATED COMPANIES EXPAND ADD TO Portfolio Watchlist OUTLOOK? +ve -ve SpiceJet x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ Jet Airways x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ Panneerselvam vs Sasikala: Who will lead Jayalalithaa's party? Track the turmoil in Tamil Nadu here BANGALORE: Global aerospace major Boeing on Wednesday said that it saw a high potential for air travel growth in India during 2017. "The major factors we watch - the exchange rate, fuel price and the profitability of the airlines - are all still favourable and we remain confident in the strong growth of India's commercial aviation sector," said Dinesh Keskar, Senior Vice President, Asia Pacific and India Sales, Boeing Commercial Airplanes. "We see the potential for travel growth in 2017 to continue to be high in India and we expect more than 100 million passengers to fly domestically this year," Keskar spoke during a briefing organised by Boeing at the 2017 Aero India Airshow in Bangalore. According to Keskar, Boeing continues to provide the airlines in India with the most fuel efficient and capable airplanes in every market segment. "We look forward to delivering several more 787 Dreamliners to Air India this year and the 737 MAX to SpiceJet and Jet Airways in 2018," Keskar said. Earlier, Boeing's 2016 India Current Market Outlook (CMO), had shown that the country's airlines would require 1,850 new airplanes, valued at $265 billion over the next 20 years. As per the 2016 India CMO, single-aisle airplanes such as the Next-Generation 737 and 737 MAX will continue to account for the largest share of new deliveries, while wide-body airplanes such as the 787 Dreamliner and the 777 family, will make up for the remainder of demand. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on TwitterFollow FROM AROUND THE WEB Top 10 Actors with highest paycheck BOLLYWOODUNION Want to post your ad? Switch to Colombia Colombia 15 most beautiful women in the world CrazyFreelancerMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES 'Indians will keep on working in United States' Scooter's back, with new hero on road Real Estate READ MORE ON » SpiceJet | Jet Airways | Boeing | air travel | 787 Dreamliners To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Hybrid ride: How the Toyota-Suzuki alliance will play out in India Tackling distressed loans: Bad bank is not a bad idea after all India defends IP rights despite threats from US pharma lobby groups Warburg negotiates to buy up to 40 per cent stake for Rs 2,300 crore of Tata Tech PSUs bag a third of small oil & gas field contracts More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebLive:Assembly Elections 2017|Punjab & Goa Election 2017 Income Tax calculator|Income Tax Slabs Budget 2017|Elections 2017 Sensex, Nifty Live Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Business   Boeing's new 737 MAX-9 is pictured under construction at their production facility in Renton, Washington, February 13, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Redmond    Boeing Faces Off With Labor Union In South Carolina Allison Thibault 10:55 AM 02/15/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 5479281 Boeing aircraft factory workers in South Carolina are scheduled to vote Wednesday on whether to join the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers (IAM). The IAM has also long unionized a Boeing plant in Washington, where a strike was organized in 2008 causing the company to relocate $750 million in funding the the South Carolina plant with further investment of $1 billion to expand production. The vote in South Carolina could unionize 3,000 workers. Labor relations consultant described the vote as a “major, major win for the machinists if they got this.” A main selling point is that IAM could help bring higher wages and more consistent hours to workers at the plant. However, South Carolina has proved to be a staunchly anti-union state. One of 28 states where union membership is not required, South Carolina has the lowest union membership at 1.6 percent. New York has the highest percentage of union membership: 23.6 percent. Professor at the Darla Moore School of Business at University of South Carolina, Hoyt Wheeler, cites South Carolina’s history of cheap labor and high business class influence as a reason union are often dead out of the gate. The IAM previously tried to hold a vote in April of 2015 but canceled due to what they called “political interference” and “misinformation” among the workers. At the time, former Gov. Nikki Haley was among those strongly opposed to IAM. In her State of the State address in 2015, Haley stated that South Carolina is a “state that doesn’t want unions, because we don’t need unions.” Boeing is using the same lawyer and standard union avoidance strategy now as it did in 2015. Boeing’s social media has been portraying IAM as divisive, and has starting airing its videos on local TV stations. One video features a production manager, Daniel Mihalic, who was a unionized machinist in the Washington plant unionized by IAM, describing the tension and loss of income he experienced during a strike. Mihalic urges workers to vote no and speaks about how he struggled while on strike wondering how he was going to feed his child. Jon Holden, president of IAM District 751 in Washington, says he hates seeing the anti-union campaign and workers should have “free choice on what they want to do, being able to ask questions and not seeing intimidation.” Tags: Boeing, IAM, Nikki Haley, South Carolina Hide Comments   Show comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: nwitimes.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $10.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Calendar Home News Latest Updates Lake County News Porter County News LaPorte County News State and Regional News South Suburban News National News World News Government and Politics Crime News History E-Edition Sports NWI Preps Columnists Business Northwest Indiana Business Headlines Jobs and Employment Transportation News Healthcare News Business Columnists Opinion Letters to the Editor NWI.com Blogs Editorials Forum Columnists Entertainment Comics Games Horoscopes Northwest Indiana Calendar People Lifestyles Inspired Living Health & Fitness Food and Cooking Home and Garden Celebrations Photos Buy Photos Obituaries Area Deaths/Tributes Cars Jobs Homes For Sale Ads Rental Ads Rental Showcase Classifieds Buy Local Deals Coupons Newspaper Ads Buy Photos Business Directory Weekly Ads Contact Us Customer Service Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 29° Munster, IN (46321) Today Mainly cloudy. Tonight Mainly cloudy. Low 26F. Winds light and variable. Updated: February 15, 2017 @ 11:15 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Photos Obits Classifieds Breaking UPDATE: Police: Pursuit suspect crashes, killing Whiting teen AP The Latest: Boeing workers reject efforts to unionize plant Feb 15, 2017 Updated 3 hrs ago NORTH CHARLESTON, S.C. (AP) — The Latest on the vote by employees of Boeing's plant in North Charleston on whether to join a union (all times local): 8:30 p.m. Workers at a Boeing plant in South Carolina have rejected an effort by the Machinists to unionize a plant. The National Labor Relations Board on Wednesday released the results of the vote. Nearly 3,000 production workers were eligible to vote in the balloting at the aviation giant's North Charleston facilities. For weeks, both Boeing and the union bought billboards, print ads, television and radio ads, urgings workers to vote for or against the unionization effort. The Machinists initially tried to unionize the plant in 2015 but called off that vote because of what the union called a toxic atmosphere and political interference. The vote comes two days before President Donald Trump is scheduled to visit the Boeing plant for the rollout of the first Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner from the aircraft maker's campus. ___ 6:30 p.m. Counting is underway for a vote that will determine if thousands of workers at Boeing's South Carolina plant will be represented by a union. Ballots are being counted Wednesday evening for the vote on representation by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. Nearly 3,000 workers were eligible to participate in Wednesday's voting. Union officials said they expected results later in the evening. The election comes two days before President Donald Trump visits the Boeing plant in North Charleston to join in celebrating the rollout of the first Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner from the aircraft maker's campus. ___ 4:35 p.m. Voting is wrapping up for Boeing workers in South Carolina considering if they want to be unionized. Polling places were scheduled to close at 4:30 p.m. Union officials say they expect results later this evening. Nearly 3,000 workers were expected to make a decision on whether they should join the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. The vote comes two days before President Donald Trump visits the Boeing plant in North Charleston to join in celebrating the rollout of the first Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner from the aircraft maker's campus. ___ 1:20 p.m. An afternoon round of balloting has begun among South Carolina Boeing workers considering if they want to be unionized. Polls are open for several hours Wednesday afternoon at several locations on the aviation giant's manufacturing facilities in North Charleston. Nearly 3,000 production workers are eligible to participate in the vote determining if they'll be represented by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. The union petitioned for a vote in 2015 but withdrew it because of what the Machinists called a toxic atmosphere and political interference. President Donald Trump is expected to visit Boeing on Friday for the rollout of the first 787-10 Dreamliner from the South Carolina campus. A year ago, then-candidate Trump warned during a campaign appearance that, unless he won, Boeing would soon ship all its jobs from South Carolina to China, where Boeing had agreed to open a facility. ___ 10:45 a.m. South Carolina's chief executive says Boeing's workers should reject an effort to unionize the aviation giant's North Charleston facilities. In a statement provided to The Associated Press, Gov. Henry McMaster said "there is no reason to put anyone in the middle" between Boeing and its workers. The Republican governor hasn't said much publicly about the vote, which was announced last month by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. McMaster has only been in office a few weeks, after former Gov. Nikki Haley accepted a job as ambassador to the United Nations. He was an early backer of Donald Trump's presidential campaign and is expected to join the president on Friday when he visits South Carolina for the rollout of the first Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner from the aircraft maker's campus. ___ 9:30 a.m. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. The morning round of voting has concluded among South Carolina Boeing workers considering if they want representation by a union. The first of two voting shifts wrapped up around midmorning at the aviation giant's North Charleston facilities. Nearly 3,000 production workers are eligible to vote in the election to determine if they'll be represented by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. The union initially petitioned for a vote in 2015 but called off that election because of what the union called a toxic atmosphere and political interference. Machinists spokesman Jonathan Battaglia says the union feels Boeing workers are "ready to make history" with the vote. Boeing came to South Carolina in part because of the state's minuscule union presence. Labor experts say a "yes" vote would have repercussions throughout the South, potentially inspiring other workers to think about unionizing. ___ 6:45 a.m. Voting is underway as thousands of workers at Boeing's South Carolina plant decide if they want to unionize. Polling places opened early Wednesday morning throughout the aviation giant's sprawling facility in North Charleston. A second wave of voting takes place this afternoon. Nearly 3,000 production workers are eligible to vote in the election to determine if they'll be represented by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. The union initially petitioned for a vote in 2015 but called off that election because of what the union called a toxic atmosphere and political interference. The global aviation giant came to South Carolina in part because of the state's minuscule union presence. Labor experts say a "yes" vote would have repercussions throughout the South, potentially inspiring other workers to think about unionizing. ___ 4:10 a.m. Nearly 3,000 production workers at Boeing's South Carolina plant are deciding if they want to unionize, writing the next chapter in efforts to organize labor in large manufacturing plants across the South. If successful, Wednesday's balloting on whether employees should join the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers would send a significant message to politicians both in the region and Washington that workers here are demanding the same protections and benefits as their colleagues in other areas. And, to the leaders trying to recruit businesses by promoting their states' lack of union presence, it'd make their jobs more difficult. Labor experts say a "yes" vote would have repercussions throughout the South, potentially inspiring other workers to think about unionizing. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. FindTheCompany | Graphiq FindTheCompany | Graphiq Tags Wire Business General News Labor Unions Labor Issues Social Issues Social Affairs Production Facilities Corporate News Aircraft Manufacturing Aerospace And Defense Industry Industrial Products And Services Presidential Elections National Elections Elections Government And Politics Latest in section Asian stocks mixed on upbeat US data, rate hike expectations NYC officials: 1 person dies, 2 ill from rat-related disease Video captured shooting that killed Chicago toddler Trump slams intel officials, media over Flynn and Russia Mystery witness once close friend of Durst and slain victim More on this topic Asian stocks mixed on upbeat US data, rate hike expectations NYC officials: 1 person dies, 2 ill from rat-related disease Video captured shooting that killed Chicago toddler Trump slams intel officials, media over Flynn and Russia Mystery witness once close friend of Durst and slain victim Most Popular on nwi.com UPDATE: Teen went missing around same time as separate homicide DeMotte man crawling across I-65 dies after being hit by traffic Chicago deep dish giant Giordano's coming to Schererville Police chase ends with open road tackle, help from good Samaritans UPDATE: East Chicago man killed in Gary shooting Currents Music By the numbers: The 59th Grammy Awards in 4 charts Music A look at every best album winner since the Grammys began +2 Lifestyles When school's out, many college campuses play host to summer camps Detroit Lions Franchise Lions to invest $100 million in improvements to Ford Field Jackson, Leuer lead Pistons to 98-91 win over Mavericks Creighton at Seton Hall on February 15, 2017 8:00pm - Game Recap Find local businesses View local offers Local Businesses Edward Jones - Kevin Kaminski 19870 Kedzie Avenue, Flssmoor, IL 60422 Evans Tree Care LLC P.O. Box 793, Crown Point, IN 46308 Ads Accurate Hearing 551 East 4th St, Hobart, IN 46342 Cover-Rite Carpet & Design Center Abbey's Carpet & floors 9400 Indianapolis Blvd Ste C, Highland, IN 46322 Business Directory Latest Local Offers 45th Street Tattoo 45th Street Tattoo has the experience you can trust. Providing quality body art for over 20 years. Walk ins are welcomed or contact us at ((219)922-0957. Updated Feb 9, 2017 Forest Ridge Family Dentistry Let Forest Ridge Family Dentistry Give you The Smile You've Been Waiting For! 219-756-2345 Updated Feb 9, 2017 A Step Up Career Academy Center Help Your Child Build A Positive Self-Identity and Learn Lifelong Skills at A Step Up Career Academy. Updated Feb 9, 2017 R & H Remodeling Is your bathroom looking a little worse for wear? R & H Remodeling specializes in kitchen, bathroom, bedroom and basement remodels. Call R & H Remodeling today! Workmanship guaranteed! 219-937-7448 Updated Feb 9, 2017 E-edition Inspired Living Get Healthy Your Family Featured Sections Best of the Region Buy Local Deals Regional Crime Report CrimeTimes Northwest Indiana Calendar Online Features Contact The Times About Us Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Send a News Tip Newspapers In Education Donation Request Work At The Times RSS Feeds E-newsletter Sign-Up © Copyright 2017 NWI Times, 601 W. 45th Ave. Munster, IN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining People Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Place an Ad Weekly Ads e-Edition Activate your subscription Jobs Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 32° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today Partly cloudy. Tonight Partly cloudy skies. Low 26F. Winds SE at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: February 15, 2017 @ 8:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell AP The Latest: Boeing workers reject efforts to unionize plant Feb 15, 2017 Updated 1 hr ago 0 NORTH CHARLESTON, S.C. (AP) — The Latest on the vote by employees of Boeing's plant in North Charleston on whether to join a union (all times local): 8:30 p.m. Workers at a Boeing plant in South Carolina have rejected an effort by the Machinists to unionize a plant. The National Labor Relations Board on Wednesday released the results of the vote. Nearly 3,000 production workers were eligible to vote in the balloting at the aviation giant's North Charleston facilities. For weeks, both Boeing and the union bought billboards, print ads, television and radio ads, urgings workers to vote for or against the unionization effort. The Machinists initially tried to unionize the plant in 2015 but called off that vote because of what the union called a toxic atmosphere and political interference. The vote comes two days before President Donald Trump is scheduled to visit the Boeing plant for the rollout of the first Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner from the aircraft maker's campus. ___ 6:30 p.m. Counting is underway for a vote that will determine if thousands of workers at Boeing's South Carolina plant will be represented by a union. Ballots are being counted Wednesday evening for the vote on representation by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. Nearly 3,000 workers were eligible to participate in Wednesday's voting. Union officials said they expected results later in the evening. The election comes two days before President Donald Trump visits the Boeing plant in North Charleston to join in celebrating the rollout of the first Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner from the aircraft maker's campus. ___ 4:35 p.m. Voting is wrapping up for Boeing workers in South Carolina considering if they want to be unionized. Polling places were scheduled to close at 4:30 p.m. Union officials say they expect results later this evening. Nearly 3,000 workers were expected to make a decision on whether they should join the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. The vote comes two days before President Donald Trump visits the Boeing plant in North Charleston to join in celebrating the rollout of the first Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner from the aircraft maker's campus. ___ 1:20 p.m. An afternoon round of balloting has begun among South Carolina Boeing workers considering if they want to be unionized. Polls are open for several hours Wednesday afternoon at several locations on the aviation giant's manufacturing facilities in North Charleston. Nearly 3,000 production workers are eligible to participate in the vote determining if they'll be represented by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. The union petitioned for a vote in 2015 but withdrew it because of what the Machinists called a toxic atmosphere and political interference. President Donald Trump is expected to visit Boeing on Friday for the rollout of the first 787-10 Dreamliner from the South Carolina campus. A year ago, then-candidate Trump warned during a campaign appearance that, unless he won, Boeing would soon ship all its jobs from South Carolina to China, where Boeing had agreed to open a facility. ___ 10:45 a.m. South Carolina's chief executive says Boeing's workers should reject an effort to unionize the aviation giant's North Charleston facilities. In a statement provided to The Associated Press, Gov. Henry McMaster said "there is no reason to put anyone in the middle" between Boeing and its workers. The Republican governor hasn't said much publicly about the vote, which was announced last month by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. McMaster has only been in office a few weeks, after former Gov. Nikki Haley accepted a job as ambassador to the United Nations. He was an early backer of Donald Trump's presidential campaign and is expected to join the president on Friday when he visits South Carolina for the rollout of the first Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner from the aircraft maker's campus. ___ 9:30 a.m. The morning round of voting has concluded among South Carolina Boeing workers considering if they want representation by a union. The first of two voting shifts wrapped up around midmorning at the aviation giant's North Charleston facilities. Nearly 3,000 production workers are eligible to vote in the election to determine if they'll be represented by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. The union initially petitioned for a vote in 2015 but called off that election because of what the union called a toxic atmosphere and political interference. Machinists spokesman Jonathan Battaglia says the union feels Boeing workers are "ready to make history" with the vote. Boeing came to South Carolina in part because of the state's minuscule union presence. Labor experts say a "yes" vote would have repercussions throughout the South, potentially inspiring other workers to think about unionizing. ___ 6:45 a.m. Voting is underway as thousands of workers at Boeing's South Carolina plant decide if they want to unionize. Polling places opened early Wednesday morning throughout the aviation giant's sprawling facility in North Charleston. A second wave of voting takes place this afternoon. Nearly 3,000 production workers are eligible to vote in the election to determine if they'll be represented by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. The union initially petitioned for a vote in 2015 but called off that election because of what the union called a toxic atmosphere and political interference. The global aviation giant came to South Carolina in part because of the state's minuscule union presence. Labor experts say a "yes" vote would have repercussions throughout the South, potentially inspiring other workers to think about unionizing. ___ 4:10 a.m. Nearly 3,000 production workers at Boeing's South Carolina plant are deciding if they want to unionize, writing the next chapter in efforts to organize labor in large manufacturing plants across the South. If successful, Wednesday's balloting on whether employees should join the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers would send a significant message to politicians both in the region and Washington that workers here are demanding the same protections and benefits as their colleagues in other areas. And, to the leaders trying to recruit businesses by promoting their states' lack of union presence, it'd make their jobs more difficult. Labor experts say a "yes" vote would have repercussions throughout the South, potentially inspiring other workers to think about unionizing. Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Breaking News Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. FindTheCompany | Graphiq FindTheCompany | Graphiq Tags Wire Business General News Labor Unions Labor Issues Social Issues Social Affairs Production Facilities Corporate News Aircraft Manufacturing Aerospace And Defense Industry Industrial Products And Services Presidential Elections National Elections Elections Government And Politics × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. loading... POPULAR IN THIS SECTION Flynn, fired once by a president, now removed by another Trump knew Flynn misled WH weeks before ouster: officials National security adviser Michael Flynn resigns amid Russia controversy AP FACT CHECK: Democrats condemn Flynn based on fake tweet President Donald Trump's labor secretary pick withdraws nomination Business Directory Latest Local Offers Urethane Systems LLC Time to keep those heating bills in line with insulating your home! Call Urethane Systems LLC today at 608-526-2101 Updated 7 hrs ago JBrooke Garage Door LLC Tired of manually opening and closing that broke garage door? Contact JBrooke Garage Door for all your garage door needs. We are the Tri-state areas premier full service garage door company. Call 608-790-7355 for a free estimate today Updated 7 hrs ago ≫ today's question Will we need to shovel snow again this season? You voted: Yes No Vote View Results Back More Jobs Top Jobs Job Board 30526337.pdf 30527185.pdf Bulletin ≫ things to do Feb 15 Blues night, with Dave Orr and Friends Wed, Feb 15, 2017 @ 10:00 pm Feb 15 Trivia Wed, Feb 15, 2017 @ 7:00 pm Feb 15 CheezLand Uke Band (new members welcome) Wed, Feb 15, 2017 @ 6:00 pm Feb 15 Open mic Wed, Feb 15, 2017 @ 8:00 pm Feb 15 Wally Tranberg, dance Wed, Feb 15, 2017 @ 7:30 pm Feb 15 Bridge Wed, Feb 15, 2017 @ 12:30 pm Feb 15 FilmFreaks Wed, Feb 15, 2017 @ 6:30 pm Feb 15 Family story time Wed, Feb 15, 2017 @ 9:30 am Feb 15 Family story time Wed, Feb 15, 2017 @ 12:00 pm Feb 15 Wednesday Yoga: Vinyasa Flow - Session 1 Wed, Feb 15, 2017 @ 5:30 pm Click here for more events Submit your event Local Business Search local business directory I'm looking for: Located near: Hint: Enter a keyword that you are looking for like tires, pizza or doctors or browse the full business directory. View local offers Local Businesses Dahl Automotive - La Crosse 712 4th Street South, La Crosse, WI 54601 Ads Rocky's Supper Club in Stoddard, WI 101 Main St, Stoddard, WI 54658 Lovejoy Realty Inc / G. Dolle 9542 State Rd 16, Onalaska, WI 54650 Property 1 2641 George Street, La Crosse, WI 54603 Ads Currents World 50 countries where cancer deaths are on the decline World Timeline: The history behind Taiwan and China Music Predicting this year's Grammy Award winners Today In History, Feb. 15: Jeffrey Dahmer Today's Birthdays, Feb. 15: Matt Groening Today’s top pics: Day one Westminster Dog Show and more Today In History, Feb. 14: "St. Valentine's Day Massacre" Foligno, Jenner lead Blue Jackets over Maple Leafs 5-2 Raptors claw back, rally past Hornets 90-85 Jackson, Leuer lead Pistons to 98-91 win over Mavericks Antetokounmpo scores 33, Bucks hold off Nets 129-125 TODAY'S TOP VIDEO Russian spy ship spotted off of US coast Ex-DNC chair : Trump aides reek of collusion ICE ACTIONS RAISE QUESTIONS, SPARK PROTESTS PKG (930pET) Leaders seek transcripts of Flynn-Russia calls News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists SIGN IN REGISTER Keep me signed in Signing in... Can't access my account Need to register? I am a current subscriber and need to register. I am not a current subscriber and want to register for a free membership. Next Not a member? Try 4 weeks of IBD Digital Premium and get instant access to exclusive stock lists, proprietary ratings and actionable stock analysis. Get Started Now! Current subscribers register here. Keep me signed in Signing in... Forgot your password? News Trump Could Make The Ex-Im Bank Great Again For Boeing, GE Boeing may find it easier to sell 787 Dreamliners from its factory in South Carolina if President Trump approves funding for the Export-Import Bank. (Boeing) GILLIAN RICH 2/15/2017 Reprints The Export Import Bank might have full lending powers again as President Trump is expected to make an announcement about the agency at Boeing's (BA) factory in South Carolina on Friday. The federal export credit agency was closed for six months after its charter expired on June 30, 2015, before opening back up with limited authority. Boeing, General Electric (GE), Caterpillar (CAT) and other beneficiaries have been pushing for re-establishing a quorum on the bank's board allowing it to make deals greater than $10 million. Boeing shares ticked up 0.5% to 169.30 on the stock market today. GE shares inched up 0.2% to 30.35. Caterpillar shares climbed 1% to 99.02. A Passage To India — And Elsewhere In the past few years, the bank helped Boeing sell its 787 Dreamliners to India, Poland and Ethiopia, and GE sell its trains to Pakistan. Caterpillar also relies on the bank to sell its heavy equipment overseas. A Boeing spokesperson told Bloomberg that without the bank, U.S. firms are at a "significant competitive disadvantage" vs. rivals overseas like Airbus (EADSY). The bank only authorized $5 billion in financing in fiscal 2016, down from $20 billion in 2014. It was started 80 years ago in response to the Great Depression and helps facilitate foreign companies' efforts to buy U.S. goods. Boeing is the largest beneficiary, with 40% of all authorizations in 2014 going to the aerospace giant, according to George Mason University's Mercatus Center analysts, who were quoted in a Bloomberg story. Obama Wanted To Expand Democrats are the bank's biggest supporters and President Obama wanted to expand its lending limit from $140 billion to $160 billion. Trump had initially been opposed to the Ex-Im Bank but Boeing Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg may have swayed Trump as the two have had several talks after Trump blasted the costs of Boeing's Air Force One contract. Trump's support of the bank would go against Republican members in Congress who believe the bank is crony capitalism set to favor big companies with their hands in politics. Delta Air Lines' (DAL) former CEO Richard Anderson was an outspoken opponent of the bank during his time at the airline, arguing that the Ex-Im Bank helped subsidize orders to wealthy Middle Eastern carriers like Dubai's Emirates with U.S. taxpayer dollars. Airbus ticked up less than 0.3% to 17.52. Delta tacked on 2.6% to 51.17. RELATED: Boeing Backs U.S.-China Trade As Trump Protectionism Looms GILLIAN RICH | Facebook | @IBD_GRich Share this: Related news Soros Fund Management, which is chaired by George Soros, bought shares of Delta Air Lines, Alphabet and Goldman Sachs in Q4, among other moves. (AP) Soros Goes For Facebook, Appaloosa Cuts Apple; Airlines Popular 2/15/2017 George Soros upped his stake in Facebook, while Appaloosa cut Apple. Airlines were also big buys last quarter. 2/15/2017 George Soros upped his stake in Facebook, while Appaloosa cut... Stock Market Rallies On Data, Trump Tax Talk; Buffett Boosts Airlines, Apple Lockheed's F-35; MGM, Melco Near Buy Points: Investing Action Plan Buffett's Berkshire Piles On Shares Of Apple, Airlines, Cuts Wal-Mart Small Businesses, Consumers Are Most Upbeat In 12 Years On Trump Hopes Trump Rally Back? Dow, Nasdaq, S&P 500 At New Highs; Apple, Tesla Rally How Trump Helped Airline Stocks Reach Skyward Today Boeing Confirms Singapore Air Deal; Bigger Airbus A350 In Doubt Alaska Air Beats Q4 Forecasts; Trump, Carriers To Meet Today's Spotlight New IBD App Download our new free iOS and Android App! It’s a faster, cleaner, and mobile optimized experience. MarketSmith Premium Get on the fast track to New Year profits with a MarketSmith trial. Free IBD Trading Summits Attend a Summit in Long Island (2/25) or Cupertino (3/4) to learn about swing trading and growth stocks! More News Fidelity managers made a 53% net addition to their share count in aerospace and defense contractor Northrop Grumman. (Northrop Grumman) Did Fidelity's Q4 Stock Buys And Sells Affect Your Retirement Account? Apple's CFO said the tech titan would likely use tax reform to repatriate cash for shareholder returns, not U.S. investments. (Apple) Sorry Trump: Apple Plans To Use Tax Cuts To Return Capital, Not Create Jobs See what adding futures can do for your trading strategy. Promoted Content By CME Group Special Report (JStone/Shutterstock) Donald Trump News & Tweets: ObamaCare, Immigration, Trade, Economy Track Trump's latest moves and tweets. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Contact Us Advertising Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Business updated: 2/15/2017 9:52 AM Boeing fortunes brighten as Trump warms to Ex-Im Bank value Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close After a rocky start, Chicago-based Boeing appears to have gained the ear of President Donald Trump. File photo   By Julie Johnsson, Thomas Black and Austin Weinstein WP Bloomberg After a rocky start, Boeing Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg appears to have gained the ear of President Donald Trump. The Chicago-based plane maker was one of Trump's first post-election corporate targets, and a tweet about soaring Air Force One costs briefly tanked the company's shares in December. But the Twitter tirade also gave Muilenburg an opening to press the case of the largest U.S. exporter -- and the 1.5 million jobs at its jet-equipment suppliers -- in meetings with Trump. The CEO's entreaties seem to have worked. Trump has emerged as a booster for Boeing's F/A-18 fighter jets and voiced support to lawmakers for a key Boeing initiative: reopening the U.S. Export-Import Bank for major deals. Trump will fly to Boeing's South Carolina factory to attend an event Friday showcasing the newest 787 Dreamliner, where he's expected to make an announcement about the federal export credit agency. "The supply chain for Boeing doesn't just run through the state of Washington," said Howard Rubel, an analyst at Jefferies. The Ex-Im Bank is "a door opener." Supporting the lender would put Trump at odds with some fellow Republicans, who view the bank as providing corporate welfare. Ex-Im has been dubbed the "Bank of Boeing" for the backing it has given to aircraft purchases by airlines unable to tap conventional credit markets. But it's been blocked from providing loan guarantees of more than $10 million because it lacks a board member whose nomination has been stuck in a Senate committee since 2015. Trump is committed to re-establishing a quorum on the bank's board, Sen. Heidi Heitkamp, a Democrat from North Dakota, said after a Feb. 9 bipartisan lunch meeting between the president and lawmakers. That's needed to allow the bank to lend more as it faces a backlog of as much as $30 billion in projects. Sen. Richard Shelby, an opponent of the bank, had blocked nominees to the board over the past two years as chairman of the Senate Banking Committee. In January the Alabama Republican moved from the Banking to chair the Rules Committee, removing one hurdle for giving Ex-Im a quorum. Boeing and General Electric have argued that without the financing, they would face a competitive disadvantage against companies in Europe, Canada, Brazil, China and Russia, who don't face similar restrictions. With the bank hobbled, U.S. manufacturers have been forced to turn to private banks or export credit banks from other countries where they operate to help customers finance big-ticket purchases. Boeing has lost or faces delays on three commercial satellite sales because of the lack of export credit, said Kate Bernard, a spokeswoman for the Chicago-based manufacturer. "It's put us at a significant competitive disadvantage," Bernard said. Critics argue that the Ex-Im Bank's guarantees are heavily weighted toward a few large companies and the U.S. government could potentially be on the hook if borrowers default. In 2014, 40 percent of all authorizations went to Boeing alone, according to an analysis by George Mason University's Mercatus Center. Other beneficiaries range from GE to Bechtel Group. "I don't blame companies like Boeing, Bechtel and GE for using Ex-Im or benefiting from Ex-Im," said Diane Katz, a senior fellow at the Heritage Foundation, which favors limited government. "But we don't have to give them the opportunity to do that on the backs of taxpayers." GE had contracts valued at $11 billion that required Ex-Im Bank financing in 2015, when reauthorization of the bank lapsed. The company rushed to form partnerships with export credit agencies in Canada, the U.K., France and other countries to meet those needs, said Una Pulizzi, a spokeswoman for GE. A representative of Bechtel didn't respond to a request for comment left outside normal business hours. Ex-Im Bank's quarterly default rate was 0.27 percent at the end of September, well below the mandate by Congress. The bank is also profitable, returning $284 million to the U.S. Treasury last year and $675 million in 2014 when it was fully operational. The lender estimates it supported almost 165,000 U.S. jobs in 2014. If U.S. contractors can't find Ex-Im Bank financing for U.S.-made equipment needed on an overseas projects, they will shift purchases to a country where the guarantees are available, said William Schubert, president of International Trade & Transportation Inc., which helps borrowers find government-backed credit. "When that happens, all the U.S. procurement disappears," Schubert said. "I know people who are unemployed right now because the bank is down, and that's unfortunate." Tweet This article filed under: Business Manufacturing Transportation Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Activate Your Account Account Support E-Edition Mobile Apps The Sun News Store FAQ Cancel SunValues Delivery Tourism Site Plan All Tourist Info Vacation Planner Calendar Where to Stay Ask a Local Festivals Guide Best of the Area Play Nightlife Golf Shopping Shows Myrtle Beach Blog Restaurants Obituaries News All News Local News Crime/Courts Business State News Nation/World Weird News More News Politics Neighbors Myrtle Beach Bike Rallies Submit A News Tip Issac Bailey Tourism News Real Estate News Sports All Sports High Schools Coastal Carolina Recreation Golf MB Pelicans Auto Racing More Sports College Sports NFL MLB MB Marathon Toast Of The Coast Green Reading Blog The Roost Blog Politics Politics Opinion All Opinion Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter Editorial Cartoons Columns & Blogs A Different World Celia Rivenbark Bob Bestler The Editor's Desk Living All Living Coasting Neighbors Food Best Of The Beach Announcements Religion Travel Pets Home & Garden Entertainment All Entertainment Kicks! Best Of The Beach Movies Calendar Contests More Entertainment Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Celebrities Music TV Surge Legals Cars Jobs Moonlighting Homes Classifieds Classified Ads Shopping About Us National Business February 15, 2017 8:35 PM The Latest: Boeing workers reject efforts to unionize plant Workers assemble Boeing 787 Dreamliners at the company's massive assembly plant in North Charleston. On Wednesday, Boeing production workers will vote on whether to join the Machinists union. Bruce Smith AP/File photo i The Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story NORTH CHARLESTON, S.C. The Latest on the vote by employees of Boeing's plant in North Charleston on whether to join a union (all times local): 8:30 p.m. Workers at a Boeing plant in South Carolina have rejected an effort by the Machinists to unionize a plant. The National Labor Relations Board on Wednesday released the results of the vote. Nearly 3,000 production workers were eligible to vote in the balloting at the aviation giant's North Charleston facilities. For weeks, both Boeing and the union bought billboards, print ads, television and radio ads, urgings workers to vote for or against the unionization effort. The Machinists initially tried to unionize the plant in 2015 but called off that vote because of what the union called a toxic atmosphere and political interference. The vote comes two days before President Donald Trump is scheduled to visit the Boeing plant for the rollout of the first Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner from the aircraft maker's campus. ___ 6:30 p.m. Counting is underway for a vote that will determine if thousands of workers at Boeing's South Carolina plant will be represented by a union. Ballots are being counted Wednesday evening for the vote on representation by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. Nearly 3,000 workers were eligible to participate in Wednesday's voting. Union officials said they expected results later in the evening. The election comes two days before President Donald Trump visits the Boeing plant in North Charleston to join in celebrating the rollout of the first Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner from the aircraft maker's campus. ___ 4:35 p.m. Voting is wrapping up for Boeing workers in South Carolina considering if they want to be unionized. Polling places were scheduled to close at 4:30 p.m. Union officials say they expect results later this evening. Nearly 3,000 workers were expected to make a decision on whether they should join the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. The vote comes two days before President Donald Trump visits the Boeing plant in North Charleston to join in celebrating the rollout of the first Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner from the aircraft maker's campus. ___ 1:20 p.m. An afternoon round of balloting has begun among South Carolina Boeing workers considering if they want to be unionized. Polls are open for several hours Wednesday afternoon at several locations on the aviation giant's manufacturing facilities in North Charleston. Nearly 3,000 production workers are eligible to participate in the vote determining if they'll be represented by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. The union petitioned for a vote in 2015 but withdrew it because of what the Machinists called a toxic atmosphere and political interference. President Donald Trump is expected to visit Boeing on Friday for the rollout of the first 787-10 Dreamliner from the South Carolina campus. A year ago, then-candidate Trump warned during a campaign appearance that, unless he won, Boeing would soon ship all its jobs from South Carolina to China, where Boeing had agreed to open a facility. ___ 10:45 a.m. South Carolina's chief executive says Boeing's workers should reject an effort to unionize the aviation giant's North Charleston facilities. In a statement provided to The Associated Press, Gov. Henry McMaster said "there is no reason to put anyone in the middle" between Boeing and its workers. The Republican governor hasn't said much publicly about the vote, which was announced last month by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. McMaster has only been in office a few weeks, after former Gov. Nikki Haley accepted a job as ambassador to the United Nations. He was an early backer of Donald Trump's presidential campaign and is expected to join the president on Friday when he visits South Carolina for the rollout of the first Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner from the aircraft maker's campus. ___ 9:30 a.m. The morning round of voting has concluded among South Carolina Boeing workers considering if they want representation by a union. The first of two voting shifts wrapped up around midmorning at the aviation giant's North Charleston facilities. Nearly 3,000 production workers are eligible to vote in the election to determine if they'll be represented by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. The union initially petitioned for a vote in 2015 but called off that election because of what the union called a toxic atmosphere and political interference. Machinists spokesman Jonathan Battaglia says the union feels Boeing workers are "ready to make history" with the vote. Boeing came to South Carolina in part because of the state's minuscule union presence. Labor experts say a "yes" vote would have repercussions throughout the South, potentially inspiring other workers to think about unionizing. ___ 6:45 a.m. Voting is underway as thousands of workers at Boeing's South Carolina plant decide if they want to unionize. Polling places opened early Wednesday morning throughout the aviation giant's sprawling facility in North Charleston. A second wave of voting takes place this afternoon. Nearly 3,000 production workers are eligible to vote in the election to determine if they'll be represented by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. The union initially petitioned for a vote in 2015 but called off that election because of what the union called a toxic atmosphere and political interference. The global aviation giant came to South Carolina in part because of the state's minuscule union presence. Labor experts say a "yes" vote would have repercussions throughout the South, potentially inspiring other workers to think about unionizing. ___ 4:10 a.m. Nearly 3,000 production workers at Boeing's South Carolina plant are deciding if they want to unionize, writing the next chapter in efforts to organize labor in large manufacturing plants across the South. If successful, Wednesday's balloting on whether employees should join the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers would send a significant message to politicians both in the region and Washington that workers here are demanding the same protections and benefits as their colleagues in other areas. And, to the leaders trying to recruit businesses by promoting their states' lack of union presence, it'd make their jobs more difficult. Labor experts say a "yes" vote would have repercussions throughout the South, potentially inspiring other workers to think about unionizing. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story National Business Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:42 Possible tornado leaves some Conway residents with damaged homes Pause 1:28 Back to Football in Myrtle Beach 4:11 What you need to know about the massive Oroville dam emergency in California 1:18 Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 2.14 1:42 Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 2.16 1:32 Westminster dog show winner: from Rumor to best in show 2:02 Former NASCAR driver Jody Lavender remembers his racing days 2:55 Sumpter, Bell give their thoughts on Myrtle Beach first round win over Dreher 1:25 Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 2.15 2:41 Magician/Bartender Xavier Hartsoe talks Tinder, Trump and the Mad Irishman | Hot Pour Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 10 months ago Free credit scores and credit monitoring: a cautionary tale 1:11 10 months ago Free credit scores and credit monitoring: a cautionary tale 1:42 5 hours ago Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 2.16 1:42 5 hours ago Possible tornado leaves some Conway residents with damaged homes View more video National Business Asian stocks mixed on upbeat US data, rate hike expectations Trump nominee has decried Medicaid for fostering dependency 'Day Without Immigrants' protests being held across US The Latest: Boeing workers reject efforts to unionize plant Boeing workers maintain South's anti-unionization history Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. U.S. + International Business Stocks post best winning streak in 25 years World Access Companies Car News Interactives Trumponomics Trump Inc. CNNMoney Sport Player ROI Who is..? CNNMoney Investigates American Opportunity 5 Stunning Stats Growing India The Feed Markets Stocks post best winning streak in 25 years Investing Economy Buzz Fed Focus ETF Center Premarkets Market Movers Dow 30 After-Hours World Markets America's Debt & the Economy Before the Bell New Investor Investing Guide Fear & Greed Tech Microsoft unveils new, nicer chat bot Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Powering Your World Upstarts Innovative Cities Unhackable 15 Questions Media Personal Finance State retirement plans could be over before they start Save Spend Ahead Wheels Real Estate Careers Millennials & Money Your Money Homes Calculators Money Moves 24 Hours With Money Essentials My Watch List Loan Center Small Biz 'We are entrepreneurs, professors, scientists, artists' Startups Empire Women Entrepreneurs Luxury Pagani reveals $2.4 million convertible Style Away Rare Drive Wealth Rich Quiz The Collector A Gentleman's Guide Millionaire Calculator Log In Log Out Boeing workers in South Carolina overwhelmingly reject union by Chris Isidore   @CNNMoney February 15, 2017: 9:09 PM ET Boeing shoots a plane into the air like a rocket Boeing's newest plant in South Carolina will remain nonunion after workers there overwhelmingly rejected an effort by the Machinist union to organize the plant. According to a company statement, more than 2,000 of the nearly 3,000 Boeing workers at the plant eligible to vote in the closely watched election voted against the union, and only a bit more than 700 members voted yes. "We will continue to move forward as one team," said Joan Robinson-Berry, vice president and general manager of Boeing South Carolina. "We have a bright future ahead of us and are eager to focus on the accomplishments of this great team." Manufacturers have been drawn to the South because the region is strongly anti-union. Less than 2% of South Carolina workers are union members, the lowest unionization rate in the nation. Boeing (BA) spent billions to open its North Charleston plant, arguing it needs to assure customers who buy the 787 Dreamliner, which is built there, that the plant wouldn't go on strike. Related: Trump move on Iran could cost jobs at Boeing A win would have given the Machinists, who represent most Boeing factory workers, even more leverage over Boeing in future labor talks. The loss could further encourage other manufacturers to open union-free plants in the South. The vote was seen as an uphill battle for the union, which dropped plans for a vote last year. About 40% to 50% of organizing votes fail. "Boeing management spent a lot of money to make sure power and profits remained concentrated at the very top," said Mike Evans, the union's chief organizer. The union will now have to wait at least a year to petition for another representation vote. "The IAM remains committed to getting Boeing South Carolina workers the respect, wages and consistency they deserve." Boeing's South Carolina assembly line, where workers voted Wednesday not to join the Machinist union. The plant will get additional attention this week as President Donald Trump plans to visit the plant Friday to mark the completion of the first 787-10, the newest version of the Dreamliner. "It is great to have this vote behind us as we come together to celebrate that event," said Robinson-Berry. Wages were a key issue in the vote. The union says South Carolina workers earn about $10 an hour less than union members at Boeing's Washington state plants. Related: Boeing pitches China facility as Trump-friendly For its part, Boeing says pay scales are driven by wages in the local market, and that the South Carolina plant already pays better than a union-represented Boeing plant in Alabama. The company emphasized the cost of union dues, about $800 a year, as well as the risk that the workers could be caught up in a strike they opposed. CNNMoney (New York) First published February 15, 2017: 10:28 AM ET Social Surge - What's Trending Businesses rally in support of #ADayWithoutImmigrants The Muay Thai brand using social media to take the fight to its rivals $4 million Lamborghini supercars recalled after fires Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 CNNMoney Sponsors NextAdvisor Paid Partner Transferring credit card balances to a 21-month 0% APR is ingenious 7 outrageous credit cards if you have excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived Partner Offers Paid Partner Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2017 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
POLITICO Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Trump Presidency Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure PRO Already a Pro? Why Go Pro? Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video Off Message POLITICO Nerdcast Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 The First 100 Days: Trade Connect With Us ‘An Absolutely Crazy Time to Hold a Meeting with the President of the United States’ ‘Real News’ Joins the White House Briefing Room Exclusive: Puzder’s ex-wife told Oprah he threatened ‘you will pay for this’ Trump's trade war with corporate America Trump's military build-up to spark GOP civil war Trump to greet Netanyahu by abandoning '2-state' doctrine Politico Morning Transportation A daily speed read on transportation and infrastructure Subscribe Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print Trump to visit North Charleston for Boeing 787-10 unveiling By Brianna Gurciullo and Lauren Gardner 02/15/17 10:01 AM EST With help from Kathryn A. Wolfe and Darius Dixon LEAVING ON A JET PLANE: President Donald Trump will go to North Charleston, S.C., on Friday for the unveiling of the first Boeing 787-10, White House press secretary Sean Spicer told reporters Tuesday. “This visit will give the president an opportunity to celebrate a huge milestone for thousands of workers at Boeing, America’s No. 1 exporter, and the millions of American workers involved in aerospace,” Spicer said. “This trip has been months in the making. And we’re thrilled to celebrate the rollout of this amazing plane.” Story Continued Below Validate me: But first, Boeing will come to Capitol Hill, to help kick off a series of hearings on the FAA reauthorization before the House T&I Aviation Subcommittee. John Hamilton, vice president of engineering for Boeing’s commercial unit, will tell lawmakers today that in order to ensure Boeing and its employees stay globally competitive, helping other governments’ air safety bodies validate new Boeing planes as safe needs to be prioritized. Sneak peek: “This process is not meant to be a re-certification. A validation should be just that — validating that the FAA conducted the type certificate work to the standards of the foreign regulatory authority in question,” Hamilton will say, according to a sneak peek of his testimony provided to MT. But, he will add, the FAA can’t “efficiently complete these critical validation activities without support from Congress and a commitment by FAA senior leadership to make this work a priority. Type certificate validation by other governments cannot be viewed as a secondary or lower priority function of the FAA.” IT’S WEDNESDAY: Thanks for tuning in to POLITICO’s Morning Transportation, your daily tipsheet on all things trains, planes, automobiles and ports — and the “Eisenmeower” interstate highway system. Please send your tips, feedback and favorite transportation-related song lyrics to bgurciullo@politico.com or @brigurciullo. “Suddenly it’s so hard to find the sound of the words to speak her troubled mind. So I’m offering these to her as if to be kind: There’s a train everyday leaving either way.” (h/t Alliance Management Group’s Robin Lanier) Want to keep up with MT’s song picks? Follow our Spotify playlist. SPICER: INFRASTRUCTURE INVESTMENT WILL ‘PREVENT THE NEXT DISASTER’: Spicer also said Tuesday that the problems with the Oroville Dam’s spillways are a “textbook example” of why lawmakers should pass a large-scale infrastructure bill. “Dams, bridges, roads and all ports around the country have fallen into disrepair,” Spicer said. “In order to prevent the next disaster, we’ll pursue the president’s vision for an overhaul of our nation’s crumbling infrastructure.” NO INFRASTRUCTURE VALENTINE: House Transportation Committee Chairman Bill Shuster delivered a message Tuesday that’s already clear to the transpo world: A big legislative package isn’t going to happen right away. “You’re not going to see an infrastructure [bill] in the next month or two,” Shuster said at a National Association of Regulatory Utility Commissioners meeting. He also mentioned that he met with Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao on Monday. Another tidbit from Shuster: National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn will lead the White House’s infrastructure team. We already knew DJ Gribbin was picked as special assistant to the president for infrastructure. ** A message from BPC’s Executive Council on Infrastructure: Our council and partners—NGA, SIFMA, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, North America’s Building Trades Unions, NAM, Business Roundtable, and others—all agree. Fixing America’s infrastructure is a national priority. As business and industry leaders, we follow shared principles: http://infrastructurecouncil.org/coalition ** IN NEED OF SOME TLC: More than 55,000 bridges across the country are considered “structurally deficient,” according to an American Road and Transportation Builders Association review of 2016 DOT data. Of those bridges, about 1,900 are on interstates. “While these bridges may not be imminently unsafe, they are in need of attention,” according to ARTBA. The list of bridges deemed structurally deficient has only shrunk by 0.5 percent in a year. Over 40 percent of bridges nationwide are more than four decades old and, during that period of time, they haven’t undergone “major reconstruction.” ARE YOU THERE, DOT? IT’S ME, MT: Chao has been on the job for two weeks, but nary a peep has come from HQ on staff hires. We had the scoop for you on chief of staff Michael Britt, and we know former Trump campaign staffer W. Kirk Bell is DOT’s White House liaison. But tell us: Who has been hired in your office over the past few weeks? Any fellow staffers getting shuffled around or going elsewhere? Tell us what’s happening: bgurciullo@politico.com and lgardner@politico.com. ALPA: HUERTA, YOU’RE AMAZING JUST THE WAY YOU ARE: The Air Line Pilots Association’s president said Tuesday that while it is “very flattering” that Trump believes a pilot would perhaps be best in the role of FAA administrator, his organization wouldn’t go so far as to say that experience as a pilot should be a “prerequisite.” Tim Canoll told reporters that ALPA wants an FAA chief who can “collaborate with industry,” who is “an outstanding communicator” and who has a “long-term vision.” And he praised Administrator Michael Huerta, who isn’t a pilot. “I think he’s done a great job,” Canoll said. “And I believe his ability to navigate some very tricky and difficult issues and keep us focused primarily on safety — this entire world of everything going on in aviation, they haven’t lost sight that safety is their first objective.” WE’LL BE SAFE ENOUGH ONCE WE MAKE THE JUMP TO HYPERSPACE: Harrison Ford accidentally landed his private plane on a taxiway Monday at John Wayne Airport in California, NBC News reports. He flew right over an American Airlines 737 holding more than 100 passengers. Ford is on tape asking air traffic controllers: “Was that airliner meant to be underneath me?” The FAA is now investigating the incident. As NBC points out, Ford has been in plane and helicopter accidents before. NOT ALL (BAGS) WHO WANDER ARE LOST: Domestic airlines reporting flight data to DOT registered record-low rates in 2016 for cancellations, mishandled luggage and passengers getting bumped from flights, the department said Tuesday. Our Lauren Gardner has the breakdown: Carriers “canceled 1.17 percent of their flights in 2016, compared to 1.54 percent the previous year.” More by the numbers: Airlines “fielded 2.7 reports per 1,000 passengers about lost, damaged or delayed bags in 2016, DOT said in its latest airline consumer report, a decrease from 3.13 reports in 2015 and the lowest annual rate since the department began keeping that data in September 1987,” Lauren writes. And they also brought down the rate at which they bump passengers from oversold flights to 0.62 per 10,000 customers — the previous low was 0.72 in 2002. CARMAKERS TO STATES: HANDS OFF THE NO-HANDS WHEEL: Automakers reiterated worries Tuesday about the potential for a patchwork of state regulations on driverless cars despite federal guidance unveiled last year that aimed to prevent exactly that, our Kathryn A. Wolfe reports. Anders Karrberg, vice president of government affairs for Volvo, told a House Energy and Commerce subcommittee that lawmakers should “encourage” NHTSA to update its policy on automated vehicles “with an explicit request that states refrain” from regulating or passing laws on driverless cars. If not now, when? Members really wanted automakers to let them know when they expect to have fully autonomous cars ready for primetime, but most weren’t ready to make predictions. Volvo was, though — Karrberg said the company is eyeing 2021. SURVEY SAYS … everything you were expecting from a poll of Metrorail riders. Maryland Democratic Rep. John Delaney conducted an online survey of Metro users over the past few weeks to get their takes on the system’s safety, service and reliability. The results? Decidedly middling. Tough love: Respondents were able to include specific feedback on their experiences, running the gamut from acknowledging the hard choices Metro General Manager Paul Wiedefeld has had to make (he’s “really do[ing] some good things and is making some difficult decisions for the better”) to throwing some major mid-Atlantic shade (“DC Metro is by far the worst transportation system I have ever used and that includes New Jersey”). Then there was this gem, from a forlorn rider who’s willing to open up his or her heart again — maybe: “I want to love metro again. I'm very willing and very forgiving but it's gotta actually improve for me to start the forgiveness process.” SHIFTING GEARS: Timothy Martin, who served as Rep. Rodney Davis (R-Ill.)’s legislative director, is now at WilmerHale in its public policy and legislative affairs. (h/t POLITICO Playbook) THE AUTOBAHN: — “Sponsored signs coming to a highway near you? Not so fast.” USA Today. — “Judge gives initial OK to deal for cheating VWs.” The Associated Press. — “Why it might be harder than Trump thinks to defend the travel ban in court.” POLITICO. — “Study: Most drivers, not just young, are taking risks.” The Associated Press. — “Barra's move to sell Opel signals a deeper change at GM.” Reuters. — “How does your commute compare to others in D.C.? This tool lets you find out.” The Washington Post. THE COUNTDOWN: DOT appropriations run out in 72 days. The FAA reauthorization expires in 227 days. Highway and transit policy is up for renewal in 1,324 days. ** A message from BPC’s Executive Council on Infrastructure: Infrastructure is vital to future economic prosperity, and the health and safety of every community. Our council and partners want Congress and the administration to know: 1. Infrastructure—including transportation, energy, water and wastewater, and broadband—must be a national priority. 2. Robust, reliable, long-term federal funding is essential. 3. The U.S. should unleash the resources of the private sector as partners in addressing our infrastructure needs. 4. The U.S. should adopt policies to deliver modern infrastructure more quickly and at less cost. By following these principles, Congress and the new administration can built bipartisan support to address our critical infrastructure needs: http://infrastructurecouncil.org/coalition ** « View Archives Authors: Brianna Gurciullo bgurciullo@politico.com @brigurciullo Lauren Gardner lgardner@politico.com @Gardner_LM About The Author Brianna Gurciullo is a transportation reporter for POLITICO Pro and the writer of Morning Transportation. Before joining the transportation team, she was an intern at POLITICO, working with POLITICO Influence, breaking news and POLITICO Magazine. Brianna previously interned with Hearst, the Center for Responsive Politics and The Chicago Tribune. She was also a 2015 fellow for investigative reporting initiative News21. An alumna of the George Washington University, Brianna served as editor in chief of The GW Hatchet. About The Author Lauren Gardner is a transportation reporter for POLITICO Pro. Before joining POLITICO, she covered energy and environment policy at CQ Roll Call, writing about everything from the EPA's climate change rules to the oil and gas exports debate in Congress. Gardner started her career in Washington as an IRS reporter for BNA. Gardner, a Philadelphia native, graduated from American University with degrees in journalism and international studies. Outside of the Capitol, you can find her running the trails of Northern Virginia and D.C. or rooting for the Philadelphia Eagles. She lives with her husband and their beagle mix Barkley in Alexandria. Most Read FBI releases files on Trump apartments' race discrimination probe in '70s Trump to take breather from White House, hold rally this weekend Trump blames ‘fake media’ for treating Flynn ‘very unfairly’ Trump, asked about anti-Semitism, brags about election victory Poll: Trump trails generic Democrat, but not Warren, in 2020 ‘Real News’ Joins the White House Briefing Room ‘An Absolutely Crazy Time to Hold a Meeting with the President of the United States’ Fallon responds to Trump: He's trying to distract from 'very serious allegations' about Russia Congress blocks rule barring mentally impaired from guns House intel chairman dismisses call for expanded Russia probe Morning Transportation - POLITICO Archive Wednesday, 2/15/17 Tuesday, 2/14/17 Monday, 2/13/17 Friday, 2/10/17 Thursday, 2/9/17 View the Full Morning Transportation Archives » Politico Magazine Congress Needs to Investigate the Flynn Case By Rich Lowry Does Kicking Out Mexicans Create Jobs? By Michael A. Clemens Dear Baby Donald: Leaks Are as American as Apple Pie By Jack Shafer The Mystery of Trump’s Man in Moscow By Julia Ioffe More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Inauguration 2017 Video POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Events Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
International Business Times UK UK LATEST NEWS Crime Property Culture Royalty World Latest News USA Europe Asia Africa Middle East The Americas Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Politics LATEST NEWS Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket F1 UFC Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music WWE Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Analysis Reviews Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology Innovation Boeing 737 MAX: Everything you need to know about the latest jetliner The first Boeing 737 MAX will start flying by mid 2017 – what's new and what can it do? By Mary-Ann Russon February 15, 2017 14:31 GMT The Boeing 737 MAX is a new family of single-aisle aeroplanes that improves on the original 737 Next Generation family that was first launched in 1994Boeing Commercial airlines love the Boeing 737, which is one of the smallest jetliners that aerospace manufacturer Boeing makes, but there are several things about the plane that could be improved, such as its fuel efficiency. Since everyone likes the size of the plane just fine, instead of designing a completely different jetliner, Boeing has focused on upgrading the 737 to make it better than before, and so the narrow-body twin-engine jet airliner Boeing 737 MAX was born. Test flights are now underway and the first new planes will be delivered to airlines from May, but for now, join IBTimes UK as we bring you everything you need to know about this exciting new jetliner. Boeing 737 MAX: Greater passenger capacity The Boeing 737 MAX is now undergoing test flights and will be delivered in May. Here's everything you need to know about Boeing's latest narrow-body twin-engine jet airlinerBoeing The Boeing 737 MAX series of planes is similar to the 737-700, -800 and -900ER, which were the bestselling members of the Boeing 737 Next Generation family. The 737 MAX 7 and the 737 MAX 8 can hold up to 172 passengers, with two more rows than the 737-700. The 737 MAX 200 can seat up to 200 passengers and the 737 MAX 9 can seat 220 passengers, because the aeroplanes come with a much longer fuselage. Boeing 737 MAX: Much more fuel efficient The drag due to friction from the airflow over the winglet is one of the main detractors from efficient airflow, but the 737 MAX winglet is designed to reduce drag and increase fuel efficiencyBoeing To make the 737 MAX much more fuel efficient, Boeing had designed a winglet that has a split tip, known as the Boeing Advanced Technology (AT) Winglet. On typical commercial jetliners that don't have winglets, the air flow over the tip of each wing is forced back when the plane is travelling at high speed, causing vortices that create lift-induced drag and lower the wing's efficiency. Boeing has designed a new winglet that features an upper aerofoil (the top part of the winglet) that provides inward, upward and slightly forward lift, while the lower aerofil (the bottom portion of the winglet) is able to generate vertical and slightly forward lift angled away from the fuselage, so the drag is reduced. With smoother airflow, 20% less fuel is needed to propel the aeroplane forward. Boeing 737 MAX: Streamlined cabin design The Boeing 737 MAX will feature larger windows, full-length sculpted sidewalls and lights that emulate the time of the day that the plane is flying throughBoeing Most single-aisle narrow body jetliners on the market can take 160 passengers, but in order to accommodate 200 seats on the 737 MAX 200, three out of eight galley trolleys have been removed, an extra cabin door has been added and the airframe is 2.2m longer than the 737 MAX's rival, the Airbus A320neo. The seats and cabin have also been designed with the new Boeing Sky Interior, which is more attractive and less bare-bones than the current Boeing 737. There are larger windows, full-length sculpted sidewalls, lights that emulate the time of day and the airline operator's colours, as well as more comfortable seats. American Airlines has announced that on its Boeing 737 MAX planes, there won't be any seatback monitors for in-flight entertainment, due to 90% of passengers bringing their own devices on flights. Instead, the carrier will offer free TV shows and movies that can be accessed via the plane's intranet and streamed directly to devices, without requiring the user to pay for a premium Wi-Fi connection. Boeing 737 MAX: Able to cope with extreme weather conditions Landing during a storm, in gale-force winds or in snowy conditions, isn't easy for most jets. When dealing with surface water on runways, larger aeroplanes such as the Airbus A380 or the Boeing 787 Dreamliner tend to cope better and generate less of a splash as they have a much larger wingspan and length than a small aeroplane. However, Boeing has completely redesigned the 737 MAX landing gear, to the extent that when tested to land in a pool containing over 3,000 gallons of water, the splash that the 737 MAX made during tests in January was much smaller than the original 737, and especially smaller than the much larger planes. Boeing 737 MAX: Lots of orders, but they won't be ready for a while Boeing has been marketing the 737 MAX for the last three years and now has 3,605 orders as of 31 December 2016. The increased demand from low-budget carriers has seen a surge in orders for the single-aisle 737 MAX. Boeing now has a total of 707 customers for the 737 MAX from at least 21 countries. However, none of the jetliners have yet been delivered – the first units will be delivered to launch partner Norwegian Air Shuttle only in May. Read more about Boeing on IBTimes UK: FAA warning all airlines to reboot Dreamliners regularly or risk pilots losing control in mid-flight Boeing is converting old F-16 fighter jets into drones to simulate airborne enemies Boeing 777X: Everything you need to know about the world's biggest passenger airliner Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close One billion Yahoo user accounts hacked Columnists Matthew Carr “400 years ago Spain forcibly converted Muslims to Christianity – then expelled them. Have we learned nothing? READ MORE IBT Media to host AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event AI and Data Science in Capital Markets takes place 1-2 March 2017 at... Yahoo warns users of potential malicious activity on accounts between 2015 and 2016 Yahoo said hackers used forged cookies to gain illegal access to... Republicans want to know why EPA employees are using encrypted chat apps The party is worried the conversations run afoul of federal... Yahoo Verizon deal to see $250-$350m discount – report Verizon may reportedly close the Yahoo deal by the end of February. Amnesty International exposes mysterious espionage scheme against journalists and activists Meet 'Safeena Malik', the fake persona at the heart of a cyber... Sony patents wireless PlayStation VR system with HTC Vive-like room tracking PS4-powered virtual reality headset could ditch wires and expanded... Apple to create a flexible iPhone? Rumours of curved handset heat up as OLED display deal discussed Report claims Apple in talks with Chinese display company for iOS... Holo app places life-like holographic celebrities in your smartphone videos Coming to a phone near you thanks to augmented reality app from LA... The new Nokia 3310: Everything we know so far Our constantly updating guide to everything we know so far about the... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 Breaking News Paul Nuttall website taken down 'for maintenance' as Ukip leader faces Hillsborough backlash About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Mint50 mutual fundsElection news | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Elections 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Companies Last Modified: Wed, Feb 15 2017. 07 33 PM IST Jet Airways may order at least 50 Boeing 737 Max planes this year Jet Airways plans to order 50 planes for around $5 billion this year to expand its market and secure spots in the aircraft supply chain Subscribe to our newsletter. Tarun Shukla Jet Airways had ordered 75 Boeing Max planes in 2014. It will have a window this year to book additional slots. Photo: AFP Bengaluru: Naresh Goyal-promoted Jet Airways Ltd may order at least 50 Boeing 737 Max planes valued at about $5 billion this year to expand its market and secure spots in the aircraft supply chain, a top executive from the US aircraft maker said. Jet Airways with a 114-plane fleet has 17% of the domestic passenger market share and a sizable international presence, but it has been losing domestic market share to rivals like IndiGo, which now controls about 40% of the local market. “Jet will certainly look at a re-order for the Max. I would say minimum 50 and then you go higher than that. The reason I say 50 on the basis of growth and replacement (of Jet airways’ current fleet and orders). However, they might go beyond 50, based on what SpiceJet has done or IndiGo has done or even GoAir has done, a relatively smaller airline in operations than Jet. So, Jet may go for a higher figure but I would say 50 at least,” Dinesh Keskar, senior vice president sales, Asia Pacific and India of Boeing Commercial Airplanes, told Mint in an interview on the sidelines of the Aero India air show here. IndiGo has nearly 400 fuel-efficient Airbus A320neo planes on order, while GoAir recently firmed up its order of 72 Airbus A320neo planes, taking its order book to 144 aircraft. SpiceJet which had similarly ordered 42 Boeing B737 MAX planes in 2014 ordered more planes in January taking its order book to 100 planes, with options to firm up more at later date. Jet had similarly ordered 75 Boeing Max planes in 2014. It will have a window this year to book additional slots. “They have to do sometime this year,” Keskar said, referring to the supply chain. It is not to difficult to see why: There is growth and incoming competition . India has close to 450 planes in service and about 900 planes on order, indicating the growth that lies ahead. Indian airlines flew 99.88 million passengers in 2016 compared with 51 million in 2010, according to government data. Indian airlines were expected to touch 100 million passengers in 2016-17, a figure almost reached in 2016 with 23.18% growth. The International Air Transport Association (IATA) too expects India to displace the UK as the third-largest aviation market by 2026. With all other airlines inducting Airbus neos starting this year, Jet will need a compelling proportion to compete on costs. Jet fuel prices account for more than 45-55% of an airline’s revenue in India. A 4% reduction in fuel costs adds around 2% to the operating margins of airlines. Max and Neo promise as much as 20% fuel savings. Keskar also said Boeing will deliver a “wave of Max” from next year to its customers Jet and SpiceJet from the previous orders they have placed. In 2018, Boeing will deliver about 12-18 planes or about 2-3 a month from third quarter. This year, it will deliver four more Dreamliners to Air India followed by three long haul Boeing 777s in the first quarter of 2018. The Tata-Singapore Airlines’ venture Vistara is also expected to order wide body planes as it gears up for its international operations next year. “Vistara has one and half years to go. We have briefed them,” Keskar said, adding he hopes to pitch for that deal when it becomes available. Tarun Shukla Topics: Jet Airways Boeing aircraft order Boeing 737 Max planes Naresh Goyal More From Livemint READ MORE Air India inducts first Airbus 320 neo plane, to lease 13 more this year Trai begins operator-assisted drive tests to check growing call-drop menace Global gold prices rise, despite US Fed’s chairwoman Yellen hinting at rate hike First Published: Wed, Feb 15 2017. 07 31 PM IST Editor's Picks Flipkart outsells Amazon in December, January on bumper smartphone sales 100 days of demonetisation: A Mint reading list Founder tantrums at Infosys: Is the ordeal over? Latest News Air India inducts first Airbus 320 neo plane, to lease 13 more this year Trai begins operator-assisted drive tests to check growing call-drop menace Global gold prices rise, despite US Fed’s chairwoman Yellen hinting at rate hike Tata Motors, Microsoft ink technology collaboration deal Vedanta to invest $1 billion in Jharkhand, build steel plant: Anil Agarwal Mint On Sunday Free play is serious business Despatch from the Garden City: When Bengaluru celebrates its oldest residents Rolling rotis in Amritsar’s Golden Temple Letter from... A diet chart The 26 best date spots around the world Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Elections 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Workers at Boeing SC vote not to unionize, will remain union fre - Tucson News Now Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME Tucson Rodeo My Tucson Home Flight tracker Arizona Politics Border News Business Traffic map Watch Tucson News Now KOLD Investigates See it, Snap it, Send it Education Visit our tax guide In Southern Arizona News Crime & Courts Live CBS Video Great Things Happen Here Fighting The Flu Border News Terrorism around the world Noticias KOLD 13 Mass shootings in the U.S. National Weather Weather main page Interactive Radar Science news Live cams Traffic map Flight Tracker Team Bios Text and Email alerts Hurricanes Wildfires Sports Tucson Rodeo UA Basketball Super Bowl LI UA Sports UA Football AG's Wildcat Report Tucson Roadrunners Overtime FC Tucson El Tour de Tucson Baseball Football Basketball Hockey Auto Racing College Sports News Video News Videos main page Live CBS Video Right This Minute Video Coverage TV Watch Tucson News Now Watch CBS Shows TV Schedule On-air schedule MeTV GRIT TV CRIME WATCH DAILY Watch My Fox Shows ENTERTAINMENT TONIGHT Watch My Network TV Shows What's For Lunch? Community See it, Snap it, Send it Fresh Bites Business Announcements Lifestyle Speaker Request Pet Connection Pet Pals Events Discover Arizona Teacher Tributes Tucson gem show About Us Contact Us Speaker Request Reporters and Anchors KOLD-TV jobs Raycom Media jobs KMSB-TV Jobs Digital Sales CONTESTS Win four tickets to Monster Jam Win a pair of tickets to the Arizona Renaissance Festival Health Health main page Fighting the Flu Komen - Health Connection Zika virus Sex & Relationships Marketplace Workers at Boeing SC vote not to unionize, will remain union free 2017-02-15T10:18:39Z2017-02-16T03:58:50Z By Ray Rivera, Digital Producer Email Connect rrivera@live5news.com Follow @rayriveralive5 By Suzelle Santos, Digital Producer Email Connect ssantos@live5news.com By Aaron Maybin, Reporter Email Connect amaybin@live5news.com Source: WCSC Mike Evans speaking to reporters following the vote Wednesday night. (Source: Live 5 News) A sample of the ballot. (Source: Boeing) Related LinksMore>> President Trump will be in the Lowcountry Friday, the White House confirms President Trump will be in the Lowcountry Friday, the White House confirms Updated: Tuesday, February 14 2017 3:33 PM EST2017-02-14 20:33:17 GMT President Donald Trump will visit the Lowcountry this week, the White House confirms.  President Donald Trump will visit the Lowcountry this week, the White House confirms.  Boeing workers prepare for election following 'Vote Yes' rally Boeing workers prepare for election following 'Vote Yes' rally Updated: Monday, February 13 2017 6:57 PM EST2017-02-13 23:57:30 GMT Photo Source: WCSC Two days before South Carolina Boeing employees vote on whether to join a union, workers and union members held a rally in support of collective bargaining rights. Two days before South Carolina Boeing employees vote on whether to join a union, workers and union members held a rally in support of collective bargaining rights. Boeing SC vice president recalls humble beginnings, challenges Boeing SC vice president recalls humble beginnings, challenges Updated: Thursday, January 26 2017 3:42 PM EST2017-01-26 20:42:22 GMT Source: WCSC Women in science and engineering were once hidden figures. You may have seen the movie highlighting their struggles. Women in science and engineering were once hidden figures. You may have seen the movie highlighting their struggles. CHARLESTON, SC (WCSC) - Workers at Boeing South Carolina have voted not to unionize under the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers.  According to Boeing officials, 74% of total votes cast on Wednesday were against joining the IAM.  Officials say there were 2097 votes for no and 731 votes for yes.  Both Boeing and the union spoke out about the results, and both said they’re looking ahead to the future. "The outcome is not what I was hoping for, but this is the labor movement," said  IAM lead organizer Mike Evans."It isn't easy and we will continue to do our best to help workers in the workplace." “We will continue to move forward as one team,” said Joan Robinson-Berry, vice president and general manager of Boeing South Carolina following the vote. “We have a bright future ahead of us and are eager to focus on the accomplishments of this great team and to developing new opportunities." Live 5 News The vote was held under the oversight of the National Labor Relations Board and 3,000 employees were eligible to have their say.   Union spokespersons also said there were no voting irregularities. Many advertisements have been run from both sides.  Proponents said employees would get respect on the job, better wages and consistency in unionizing. "Workers at Boeing deserve to be treated fairly and they deserve to be treated with respect," Lead IAM organizer Mike Evans said when he announced the vote last month. "Over the past year and a half, management at Boeing has repeatedly failed to make improvements they promised workers. Instead, workplace policies remain inconsistent and raises remain subjective. Boeing workers deserve better than that."  Boeing wanted employees to vote no, citing expensive union dues and saying IAM   does not have the workers' best interests at heart. Saying "no” would allow workers to keep their voice and their direct working relationship with the company, according to Boeing.  "Boeing believes firmly that a union is not in the best interest of Boeing South Carolina," Boeing Vice President and General Manager Joan Robinson-Berry said at a press conference hours after IAM's announcement. "That's been our consistent position and we will never change that."  Voters marked their ballots in secret, according to the National Labor Relations Board.  RIGHT NOW: Boeing SC workers have begun casting secret ballots on whether to unionize: https://t.co/phPrdgHrc3 #chsnews #scnews pic.twitter.com/1PxjhmGAo0— Live5News (@Live5News) February 15, 2017 The ten polling locations opened at various times, according to the election notice posted on Boeing's website.  The first time the IAM scheduled a union vote at Boeing SC was in 2015.  However, union officials said they canceled the vote because of a "toxic environment."  According to officials, they came to the decision following home visits with more than 1,700 Boeing workers.  Moving forward, Boeing will roll out its first 787-10 on Friday.   “Friday we will mark the most recent incredible accomplishment in the proud history of the BSC team with the rollout of the first 787-10,” said Robinson-Berry. “It is great to have this vote behind us as we come together to celebrate that event.” President Donald Trump is expected to be in attendance at the ceremony.  Copyright 2017 WCSC. All Rights Reserved.  Workers at Boeing SC vote not to unionize, will remain union freeMore>> Charleston County News Charleston County News Local newsMore>> BREAKING Man convicted of Tucson murders, attack found dead in prison Man convicted of Tucson murders, attack found dead in prison Posted: Thursday, February 16 2017 1:05 AM EST2017-02-16 06:05:26 GMT Apollo Ortega. (Source: Arizona Department of Corrections) The man convicted of killing two women in the Tucson area in 2008 was killed in prison, authorities said. The man convicted of killing two women in the Tucson area in 2008 was killed in prison, authorities said. breaking Future of TUSD superintendent is again up for discussion Future of TUSD superintendent is again up for discussion Updated: Thursday, February 16 2017 12:38 AM EST2017-02-16 05:38:15 GMT It appears the future of the Tucson Unified School District superintendent is up for discussion, again. Tucson News Now has learned that the only item on the agenda for next week's special meeting is Dr. H.T. Sanchez's contract.  It appears the future of the Tucson Unified School District superintendent is up for discussion, again. Tucson News Now has learned that the only item on the agenda for next week's special meeting is Dr. H.T. Sanchez's contract.  Monsanto to go ahead with greenhouse in Pima County without tax help Monsanto to go ahead with greenhouse in Pima County without tax help Updated: Thursday, February 16 2017 12:33 AM EST2017-02-16 05:33:13 GMT (Source: Monsanto) Monsanto has said it is going ahead with plans to build a seven-acre greenhouse facility near Marana without tax break help from Pima County. Monsanto has said it is going ahead with plans to build a seven-acre greenhouse facility near Marana without tax break help from Pima County. ADOT seeks public input for future road improvement projects ADOT seeks public input for future road improvement projects Updated: Thursday, February 16 2017 12:17 AM EST2017-02-16 05:17:05 GMT Map of proposal (Source: Tucson News Now) ADOT representatives told Tucson News Now they know some of the urban environment will be impacted, but couldn’t specify what. Leaders estimate they’ll have a better idea by the end of this year. ADOT representatives told Tucson News Now they know some of the urban environment will be impacted, but couldn’t specify what. Leaders estimate they’ll have a better idea by the end of this year. Oro Valley residents ask for quicker development of Naranja Park Oro Valley residents ask for quicker development of Naranja Park Updated: Wednesday, February 15 2017 10:34 PM EST2017-02-16 03:34:02 GMT Crowd at meeting for Naranja Park in Oro Valley. (Source: Tucson News Now) Young athletes, their parents and coaches filled Wednesday night's Oro Valley town council meeting. They spoke about the need for quicker development of the multi-sports fields and baseball fields at Naranja Park.  Young athletes, their parents and coaches filled Wednesday night's Oro Valley town council meeting. They spoke about the need for quicker development of the multi-sports fields and baseball fields at Naranja Park.     Can't Find Something? KOLD FCC Public File jhengemuehler@tucsonnewsnow.com (520) 744-1313 EEO Report Closed Captioning KMSB FCC Public File rengberg@kmsb.com (520) 770-5442 EEO Report Closed Captioning KTTU FCC Public File rengberg@kmsb.com (520) 770-5442 EEO Report Closed Captioning 7831 N. Business Park Drive Tucson, AZ 85743 (520) 744-1313 Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Events Webinars Newsletter Jobs Skip to content DiversityInc Top 50 DiversityInc Top 50 List Top 50 Lists Since 2001 About the Top 50 Process Methodology FAQ Participate in the Top 50 Career Advice Diversity Management News Toggle navigation Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to real all comments Register Now DiversityInc's 2017 Top 50 Announcement Dinner & Learning Sessions May 2 | Cipriani Wall Street | New York City Boeing Launches New Nacelle and Flight-Control Surface Exchange Program The program provides airlines an integrated and economical solution, while building on Boeing’s history of exchange programs. REUTERS By DiversityInc Staff / February 15, 2017 Boeing (a DiversityInc Noteworthy Company) has announced the launch of a new Nacelle and Flight-Control Surface Exchange Program. It provides airlines an integrated and economical solution, while building on Boeing’s successful history of exchange programs. Under the program, customers can exchange nacelle and flight-control surface parts that need repair or overhaul from a certified pool that Boeing maintains throughout its global network. This eliminates the need for customers to contract, schedule, manage and own or lease these parts. “Our customers have asked for more flexibility and we’ve heard them,” said Lynne Hopper, vice president of Parts Solutions. “This offering is one more example of how Boeing creates high-quality, flexible solutions that make life more convenient for our customers, allowing them to mix and match procurement approaches ranging from ownership to pooling to leasing to exchanging.” Parts distributed through the program represent all Boeing models and are updated to the latest configurations, incorporating all applicable service bulletins and airworthiness directives. Another benefit of an exchange is that customers only need to take an airplane out of service once, reducing maintenance needs. When a similar part is leased, the plane must be taken out of service for both removal and installation. Boeing is a leader in providing 24/7 support and service to the global aviation industry. Boeing’s parts portfolio is the most complete in the industry, with total stock of over 400,000 part numbers and over 10,000 parts shipped daily. In addition to its parts business, Boeing offers the industry’s largest portfolio of services, including retrofits and modifications, subscription-based maintenance programs, engineering support, crew training, route planning, digital crew scheduling, advanced data analytics and software to enhance airlines and leasing company operations. For more information on Boeing’s commercial aviation services, visit: http://www.boeing.com/commercial/services/ Tags: Boeing Flight-control Nacelle Sponsored Content The Boeing Company Recommended Articles Kaiser Permanente: What Women Need to Know About Heart Disease In recognition of American Heart Month, Kaiser Permanente lays out the facts about women and heart disease and how both sexes can keep their hearts healthy. PwC: Is Your Organization ‘Mobile Ready’? "Mobile readiness" is quickly becoming a business imperative. Marriott’s CEO: My Valentine to Social Media "I love what social media has done for our industry," President and CEO at Marriott International Arne Sorenson said. GM’s Muktar Onifade: Engineer by Day, Fashion Designer by Night Onifade has an aptitude for numbers and fashion. Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. *Your email address will not be published « Previous Article     Next Article » MOST POPULAR Study: The Social Psychology Behind White Biases Against Black Natural Hair Dwayne ‘The Rock’ Johnson, Misty Copeland, Stephen Curry Oppose Under Armour CEO’s Praise for Trump Nike Ad Touts Equality, But Has None on Board, Executive Committee or Even its Ad Agency Trump’s Critics Use ‘Racist Card’ Against Him Patriots Players Won’t Attend White House Ceremony WEBINAR LIBRARY   Member-Only! Accountability, Diversity Metrics in Scorecards and Dashboards Should Senior Leaders Address Racial Tensions in the U.S.? Rebooting Your Executive Diversity Council Career Advice: How to Ask for a Raise 5 Successful Strategies for Recruiting Veterans Sign Up Your email will not be added to any promotional lists. Please select the DiversityInc newsletters/alerts that you would like to receive. News Events Web Seminars DiversityInc Top 50 DiversityInc Magazine CAREER ADVICE Changing Jobs Within Your Company Could be a Good Move Tina Fey Shares Her Success as a Working Mom with David Letterman How to Avoid the ‘Motherhood Penalty’ and Recoup Income How to Apply Your New Mom Skills When You Go Back to Work Find A Job Tech Jobs Media Jobs Finance Jobs C Level Jobs Design Jobs Sales Jobs What eg. Web Designer Where eg. New York, NY or 90210 TRENDING NOW Dwayne ‘The Rock’ Johnson, Misty Copeland, Stephen Curry Oppose Under Armour CEO’s Praise for Trump 25 comments Patriots Players Won’t Attend White House Ceremony 16 comments Trump’s Critics Use ‘Racist Card’ Against Him 15 comments Study: The Social Psychology Behind White Biases Against Black Natural Hair 15 comments Ethics Review Sought After Trump Adviser Touts Ivanka Trump Products 9 comments ABOUT CONTACT US DiversityInc Top 50 DiversityInc Top 50 List Top 50 Lists Since 2001 About the Top 50 Process Methodology FAQ Participate in the Top 50 Products and Services Benchmarking/Consulting DiversityInc Best Practices Events Job Board Magazine Webinar Series Media Kit Rate Card and Circulation Advertise on DiversityInc.com DiversityInc Magazine Specs DiversityInc Best Practices Spring Event Sponsorship Information Fall Event Sponsorship Information Publicity Package Online Job Board © Copyright 2017 — DiversityInc. All Rights Reserved. × This post has been shared. Thank you! Send To Up To 5 Email Recipients* Use commas to separate multiple email addresses (5 recipients max.) Your Name* Your Email Address* Send email Cancel ×
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 10:24pm Thu 16 February Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox The Latest: Boeing workers reject efforts to unionize plant 2:40 PM Thursday Feb 16, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print World NORTH CHARLESTON, S.C. (AP) " The Latest on the vote by employees of Boeing's plant in North Charleston on whether to join a union (all times local): 8:30 p.m. Workers at a Boeing plant in South Carolina have rejected an effort by the Machinists to unionize a plant. The National Labor Relations Board on Wednesday released the results of the vote. Nearly 3,000 production workers were eligible to vote in the balloting at the aviation giant's North Charleston facilities. For weeks, both Boeing and the union bought billboards, print ads, television and radio ads, urgings workers to vote for or against the unionization effort. The Machinists initially tried to unionize the plant in 2015 but called off that vote because of what the union called a toxic atmosphere and political interference. The vote comes two days before President Donald Trump is scheduled to visit the Boeing plant for the rollout of the first Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner from the aircraft maker's campus. ___ 6:30 p.m. Counting is underway for a vote that will determine if thousands of workers at Boeing's South Carolina plant will be represented by a union. Ballots are being counted Wednesday evening for the vote on representation by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. Continued below. Related Content National kicks off election promises with more police and ambitious burglary target Small Business: Helping you keep a record of your jewellery - GemLab Your views: Readers letters' Nearly 3,000 workers were eligible to participate in Wednesday's voting. Union officials said they expected results later in the evening. The election comes two days before President Donald Trump visits the Boeing plant in North Charleston to join in celebrating the rollout of the first Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner from the aircraft maker's campus. ___ 4:35 p.m. Voting is wrapping up for Boeing workers in South Carolina considering if they want to be unionized. Polling places were scheduled to close at 4:30 p.m. Union officials say they expect results later this evening. Nearly 3,000 workers were expected to make a decision on whether they should join the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. The vote comes two days before President Donald Trump visits the Boeing plant in North Charleston to join in celebrating the rollout of the first Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner from the aircraft maker's campus. ___ 1:20 p.m. An afternoon round of balloting has begun among South Carolina Boeing workers considering if they want to be unionized. Polls are open for several hours Wednesday afternoon at several locations on the aviation giant's manufacturing facilities in North Charleston. Nearly 3,000 production workers are eligible to participate in the vote determining if they'll be represented by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. The union petitioned for a vote in 2015 but withdrew it because of what the Machinists called a toxic atmosphere and political interference. President Donald Trump is expected to visit Boeing on Friday for the rollout of the first 787-10 Dreamliner from the South Carolina campus. A year ago, then-candidate Trump warned during a campaign appearance that, unless he won, Boeing would soon ship all its jobs from South Carolina to China, where Boeing had agreed to open a facility. ___ 10:45 a.m. South Carolina's chief executive says Boeing's workers should reject an effort to unionize the aviation giant's North Charleston facilities. In a statement provided to The Associated Press, Gov. Henry McMaster said "there is no reason to put anyone in the middle" between Boeing and its workers. The Republican governor hasn't said much publicly about the vote, which was announced last month by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. McMaster has only been in office a few weeks, after former Gov. Nikki Haley accepted a job as ambassador to the United Nations. He was an early backer of Donald Trump's presidential campaign and is expected to join the president on Friday when he visits South Carolina for the rollout of the first Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner from the aircraft maker's campus. ___ 9:30 a.m. The morning round of voting has concluded among South Carolina Boeing workers considering if they want representation by a union. The first of two voting shifts wrapped up around midmorning at the aviation giant's North Charleston facilities. Nearly 3,000 production workers are eligible to vote in the election to determine if they'll be represented by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. The union initially petitioned for a vote in 2015 but called off that election because of what the union called a toxic atmosphere and political interference. Machinists spokesman Jonathan Battaglia says the union feels Boeing workers are "ready to make history" with the vote. Boeing came to South Carolina in part because of the state's minuscule union presence. Labor experts say a "yes" vote would have repercussions throughout the South, potentially inspiring other workers to think about unionizing. ___ 6:45 a.m. Voting is underway as thousands of workers at Boeing's South Carolina plant decide if they want to unionize. Polling places opened early Wednesday morning throughout the aviation giant's sprawling facility in North Charleston. A second wave of voting takes place this afternoon. Nearly 3,000 production workers are eligible to vote in the election to determine if they'll be represented by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. The union initially petitioned for a vote in 2015 but called off that election because of what the union called a toxic atmosphere and political interference. The global aviation giant came to South Carolina in part because of the state's minuscule union presence. Labor experts say a "yes" vote would have repercussions throughout the South, potentially inspiring other workers to think about unionizing. ___ 4:10 a.m. Nearly 3,000 production workers at Boeing's South Carolina plant are deciding if they want to unionize, writing the next chapter in efforts to organize labor in large manufacturing plants across the South. If successful, Wednesday's balloting on whether employees should join the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers would send a significant message to politicians both in the region and Washington that workers here are demanding the same protections and benefits as their colleagues in other areas. And, to the leaders trying to recruit businesses by promoting their states' lack of union presence, it'd make their jobs more difficult. Labor experts say a "yes" vote would have repercussions throughout the South, potentially inspiring other workers to think about unionizing. AP This story has been automatically published from the Associated Press wire which uses US spellings Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Kevin Page: A case of taste not, want not Mrs P and I are going out for dinner with friends this weekend. Normally we would have… Hawke's Bay Today Blast-off from Hawke's Bay closer Lift-off from Northern Hawke's Bay is one step closer. Rocket Lab delivered its first… Bay of Plenty Times Heavy rain not letting up Tauranga's dry, hot spell was well and truly broken with today's deluge of rain. Up… Our Features' Top Stories Driven A Japanese Le Mans hero is now for sale Famous Mazda Le Mans winner (but not the one you're thinking of) is up for grabs... Viva Reese Witherspoon wears NZ fashion From Kowtow to Karen Walker and Lonely Hearts, Reese Witherspoon is loving New Zealand… True Commercial Modern building with a techie tenant A modern, low-maintenance warehouse and office unit, for sale in East Tamaki. More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production apcf05 at 16 Feb 2017 22:24:31 Processing Time: 684ms
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Expert Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Expert Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Expert Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Expert Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: Workforce•Improper Payments•First 100 Days•FBI•Mike Causey•Multimedia Gallery Headlines Get Email Alerts Business News Home » The Associated Press » Business News » The Latest: Boeing workers… The Latest: Boeing workers reject efforts to unionize plant By The Associated Press February 15, 2017 8:33 pm 5 min read Share NORTH CHARLESTON, S.C. (AP) — The Latest on the vote by employees of Boeing’s plant in North Charleston on whether to join a union (all times local): 8:30 p.m. Workers at a Boeing plant in South Carolina have rejected an effort by the Machinists to unionize a plant. Federal News Radio conducted an exclusive data center survey to assess how agencies are storing data. Download the results. The National Labor Relations Board on Wednesday released the results of the vote. Advertisement Nearly 3,000 production workers were eligible to vote in the balloting at the aviation giant’s North Charleston facilities. For weeks, both Boeing and the union bought billboards, print ads, television and radio ads, urgings workers to vote for or against the unionization effort. The Machinists initially tried to unionize the plant in 2015 but called off that vote because of what the union called a toxic atmosphere and political interference. The vote comes two days before President Donald Trump is scheduled to visit the Boeing plant for the rollout of the first Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner from the aircraft maker’s campus. ___ 6:30 p.m. Counting is underway for a vote that will determine if thousands of workers at Boeing’s South Carolina plant will be represented by a union. Ballots are being counted Wednesday evening for the vote on representation by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. Nearly 3,000 workers were eligible to participate in Wednesday’s voting. Union officials said they expected results later in the evening. The election comes two days before President Donald Trump visits the Boeing plant in North Charleston to join in celebrating the rollout of the first Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner from the aircraft maker’s campus. ___ 4:35 p.m. Voting is wrapping up for Boeing workers in South Carolina considering if they want to be unionized. Polling places were scheduled to close at 4:30 p.m. Union officials say they expect results later this evening. Nearly 3,000 workers were expected to make a decision on whether they should join the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. The vote comes two days before President Donald Trump visits the Boeing plant in North Charleston to join in celebrating the rollout of the first Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner from the aircraft maker’s campus. ___ 1:20 p.m. An afternoon round of balloting has begun among South Carolina Boeing workers considering if they want to be unionized. Polls are open for several hours Wednesday afternoon at several locations on the aviation giant’s manufacturing facilities in North Charleston. Nearly 3,000 production workers are eligible to participate in the vote determining if they’ll be represented by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. The union petitioned for a vote in 2015 but withdrew it because of what the Machinists called a toxic atmosphere and political interference. President Donald Trump is expected to visit Boeing on Friday for the rollout of the first 787-10 Dreamliner from the South Carolina campus. A year ago, then-candidate Trump warned during a campaign appearance that, unless he won, Boeing would soon ship all its jobs from South Carolina to China, where Boeing had agreed to open a facility. ___ 10:45 a.m. South Carolina’s chief executive says Boeing’s workers should reject an effort to unionize the aviation giant’s North Charleston facilities. In a statement provided to The Associated Press, Gov. Henry McMaster said “there is no reason to put anyone in the middle” between Boeing and its workers. The Republican governor hasn’t said much publicly about the vote, which was announced last month by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. McMaster has only been in office a few weeks, after former Gov. Nikki Haley accepted a job as ambassador to the United Nations. He was an early backer of Donald Trump’s presidential campaign and is expected to join the president on Friday when he visits South Carolina for the rollout of the first Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner from the aircraft maker’s campus. ___ 9:30 a.m. The morning round of voting has concluded among South Carolina Boeing workers considering if they want representation by a union. The first of two voting shifts wrapped up around midmorning at the aviation giant’s North Charleston facilities. Nearly 3,000 production workers are eligible to vote in the election to determine if they’ll be represented by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. The union initially petitioned for a vote in 2015 but called off that election because of what the union called a toxic atmosphere and political interference. Machinists spokesman Jonathan Battaglia says the union feels Boeing workers are “ready to make history” with the vote. Boeing came to South Carolina in part because of the state’s minuscule union presence. Labor experts say a “yes” vote would have repercussions throughout the South, potentially inspiring other workers to think about unionizing. ___ 6:45 a.m. Voting is underway as thousands of workers at Boeing’s South Carolina plant decide if they want to unionize. Polling places opened early Wednesday morning throughout the aviation giant’s sprawling facility in North Charleston. A second wave of voting takes place this afternoon. Nearly 3,000 production workers are eligible to vote in the election to determine if they’ll be represented by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. The union initially petitioned for a vote in 2015 but called off that election because of what the union called a toxic atmosphere and political interference. The global aviation giant came to South Carolina in part because of the state’s minuscule union presence. Labor experts say a “yes” vote would have repercussions throughout the South, potentially inspiring other workers to think about unionizing. ___ 4:10 a.m. Nearly 3,000 production workers at Boeing’s South Carolina plant are deciding if they want to unionize, writing the next chapter in efforts to organize labor in large manufacturing plants across the South. If successful, Wednesday’s balloting on whether employees should join the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers would send a significant message to politicians both in the region and Washington that workers here are demanding the same protections and benefits as their colleagues in other areas. And, to the leaders trying to recruit businesses by promoting their states’ lack of union presence, it’d make their jobs more difficult. Labor experts say a “yes” vote would have repercussions throughout the South, potentially inspiring other workers to think about unionizing. Topics: Business News U.S. News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Business News » The Latest: Boeing workers… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Today in History 1933: FDR escapes assassination in Miami Photos of the amazing, moving, important and amusing things happening in the federal community. Fed Photo of the Day National Guard assists tornado cleanup A daily update of important moments in the history of the U.S. government. Recommended White House prepping government reorg executive order Top Story Labor Department employees get their wish as Puzder withdraws First 100 Days 2020 Census among new additions to GAO High-Risk List Hearings/Oversight Tracking the bills facing the federal workforce, at a glance Legislation Half of agency supervisors say they’re confident they could remove ‘bad apples’ Management Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Marketing Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Partners & Events Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2016 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
Close Boeing workers maintain South's anti-unionization history - Brownsville Herald: Business Subscribe Herald Alerts | Online Edition | Subscribe Welcome to the site! Login or Signup below. Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard 53° Clear Brownsville Herald News Local Valley Texas US & World Business Education SpaceX LNG in the RGV Elections Weather Entertainment El Extra App for Android and iOS The Latest Officials: Lab results reveal no new Zika cases New! When the first local Zika virus case appeared in Brownsville, Cameron County health officials went door to door collecting urine samples from residents of the neighborhood. Posted: February 15 rss Texas News Winning numbers drawn in 'Triple Chance' game Winning numbers drawn in 'All or Nothing Night' game Winning numbers drawn in 'Daily 4 Night' game Winning numbers drawn in 'Pick 3 Night' game Winning numbers drawn in 'Cash 5' game Winning numbers drawn in 'Lotto' game Sports H.S. Football H.S. Baseball H.S. Basketball H.S. Soccer H.S. Track H.S. Volleyball H.S. Sports Local Sports National Sports RGVSports.com South Texas Outdoors UTRGV Athletic Survey The Latest LeBron scores 31 as Cavs roll into All-Star break with win AP New! CLEVELAND (AP) — The Cavaliers are getting some down time. Not that they really want any right now. Updated: 10:45 pm Sports, Men's Basketball, Men's Sports More From The Latest Vince Young signs with agent Leigh Steinberg, wants to play Bouchard pays off Super Bowl bet with date at Nets game AP sources: Napoli passes physical, set for 3rd Texas stint The stars are out at Riviera Obituaries Life Tu Salud Autism Contests Puzzles Comics Kingdom Texas Lottery Community Community Calendar Business Directory Church Directory Health Directory NIE Opinion Letters to the Editor Editorials Customer Service Subscribe MyBrownsvilleHerald.com Activate Account Start/Stop Delivery Pay Your Bill Complaints Contact Us About Us Home Delivery Legal Notices Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Service Directory RGV Alerts Careers Don't Miss: MyBrownsvilleHerald.com Community Calendar Celebrating the Port of Brownsville Home News Business Boeing workers maintain South's anti-unionization history Story Comments Print Create a hardcopy of this page Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Previous Next Brad Nettles Boeing workers maintain South's anti-unionization history FILE - In this Tuesday, Feb. 16, 2016 file photo, An engine and part of a wing from the 100th 787 Dreamliner to be built at Boeing of South Carolina's North Charleston, S.C., facility are seen outside the plant. The morning round of voting has concluded Wednesday, Feb. 15, 2017, among South Carolina Boeing workers considering if they want representation by a union. Nearly 3,000 production workers are eligible to vote in the election to determine if they'll be represented by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. (Brad Nettles/The Post and Courier via AP, File) FindTheCompany | Graphiq Posted: Wednesday, February 15, 2017 8:03 pm | Updated: 8:30 pm, Wed Feb 15, 2017. Boeing workers maintain South's anti-unionization history Associated Press | NORTH CHARLESTON, S.C. (AP) — Production workers at Boeing's South Carolina plant voted Wednesday not to join the Machinists, maintaining southern reluctance toward unionization. Vote totals weren't immediately available. Under NLRB rules, workers must wait a year before another union vote. In a statement, Machinists organizer Mike Evans said the union was disappointed with the vote but vowed to stay in close touch with Boeing workers to figure out next steps. "Ultimately it will be the workers who dictate what happens next," Evans said. "We've been fortunate enough to talk with hundreds of Boeing workers over the past few years. Nearly every one of them, whether they support the union or not, have improvements they want to see at Boeing. Frankly, they deserve better." The vote among nearly 3,000 workers preceded by two days a visit by President Donald Trump to attend the rollout of the first Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner from the aircraft maker's campus. If successful, the balloting on whether employees should join the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers would have sent a significant message to politicians in the region and Washington that workers here want the same protections and benefits as those in other areas. And, to leaders trying to recruit businesses by promoting their states' lack of union presence, it'd it would have made their jobs more difficult. But this most recent test of Southern acceptance of collective bargaining movements was an uphill battle for the union and its backers. The global aviation giant, which came to South Carolina in part because of the state's minuscule union presence, did so with the aid of millions of dollars in state assistance made possible by officials who spoke out frequently and glowingly with anti-union messages. "It is an economic development tool," Gov. Nikki Haley, now President Donald Trump's ambassador to the United Nations, said in a 2012 address of how she sold companies on coming to the state. "We'll make the unions understand full well that they are not needed, not wanted and not welcome in the state of South Carolina." At least that part of the tactic has worked. Only about 52,000 South Carolina workers have union representation, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics' 2016 figures. Other major manufacturers in the state, including BMW and Michelin, aren't unionized or haven't experienced major campaigns to do so. The Machinists initially petitioned for a vote at Boeing in 2015 but withdrew the request because of what the union called a toxic atmosphere and political interference. Another facet of union opposition in this heavily Republican state is political, given the longstanding relationship between organized labor and Democratic politics. Any lenience toward unions could be seen as giving Democrats a toehold here. Southern states for decades have recruited manufacturers by promising freedom from the influences of labor unions, which except for some textile mills have been historically rejected by workers as collective action culturally foreign to a South built around family farms, said Jeffrey Hirsch, a law professor who specializes in labor relations at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. A successful union vote at Boeing would have had a greater regional impact than Volkswagen workers' efforts to unionize in Chattanooga, Tennessee. Anti-union advocates cited VW as an aberration since representatives of one of its key unions in Germany hold seats on the company's board of directors, Hirsch said. "Boeing is very, very different," Hirsch said. "No one will ever accuse Boeing of being pro-union." Boeing didn't threaten to move its operations abroad if workers unionized, perhaps abstaining from those threats because of its huge South Carolina plant investment and billions of dollars in federal defense contracts the company does not want to risk. The union vote also came after Trump blasted Boeing for the cost of building a new Air Force One. "Costs are out of control," Trump tweeted in early December. "Cancel order!" Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg met with Trump two weeks later. Catherine Templeton, South Carolina's former labor director and successful anti-union lawyer, is no stranger to this fight. When Haley picked Templeton to lead South Carolina's labor department, the governor played up Templeton's union-fighting background and saying she needed her help to "fight the unions" at Boeing. "They cannot legally deliver higher wages, better benefits or a different working environment. Even if they are promising it, they certainly can't deliver it," Templeton said. Asked earlier Wednesday about the vote, South Carolina Gov. Henry McMaster said he didn't feel unions were needed in this state, where Boeing and other companies have been successful, and where, he feels, workers are generally happy. "I think we're doing just fine without a union presence," he said. In a statement emailed to reporters, Boeing vice president and general manager Joan Robinson-Berry was already looking toward Trump's visit, the first by a sitting president to the company's North Charleston facilities. "It is great to have this vote behind us as we come together to celebrate that event," she said. ___ This story has been corrected to show that 52,000 South Carolina workers have union representation, rather than 1,900. ___ Emery Dalesio contributed to this report from Raleigh, North Carolina. ___ Kinnard can be reached at http://twitter.com/MegKinnardAP . Read more of her work at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/meg-kinnard/ . Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about Business HTML: Major U.S. Market Indices Value Over Time - Trailing Year Asian stocks mixed on upbeat US data, rate hike expectations ARTICLE: Asian stocks mixed on upbeat US data, rate hike expectations Malaysia arrests 2nd suspect in North Korean's death Malaysia arrests 2nd suspect in North Korean's death More about General News ARTICLE: Winning numbers drawn in 'Powerball' game ARTICLE: China Jan. bird flu deaths hit 79, most since at least 2013 ARTICLE: China makes deadly opioid carfentanil a controlled substance Trump slams intel officials, media over Flynn and Russia Trump slams intel officials, media over Flynn and Russia More about Labor Unions HTML: The Boeing Company (BA) Net Income - Last 5 Quarters Boeing workers maintain South's anti-unionization history Lufthansa in deal to end lengthy, bitter dispute with pilots ARTICLE: Lufthansa in deal to end lengthy, bitter dispute with pilots Discuss Print Posted in Business on Wednesday, February 15, 2017 8:03 pm. Updated: 8:30 pm. | Tags: Business, General News, Labor Unions, Labor Issues, Social Issues, Social Affairs, Production Facilities, Corporate News, Aerospace And Defense Industry, Industrial Products And Services, Government And Politics, Higher Education, Education, State Governments | Location Tags: South Carolina, United States, North America, Union, North Carolina, Charleston Custom Search Site Web Follow us on Facebook Today's Edition tab 0 tab 1 Calendar today's events browse submit Online Features Real Estate Exterior home improvements yield high... Brandpoint (BPT) Light solutions: What to do when your... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 bathroom design trends that marry l... Brandpoint (BPT) What you should know about rising int... Brandpoint (BPT) Six factors driving the cost of your ... Brandpoint (BPT) Where to find rebates, tax credits an... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 hot bathroom design trends that don... Brandpoint (BPT) Plumbing the power of a powder room a... Brandpoint (BPT) Where there is a will - and more - th... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 statement pieces to elevate your ba... Brandpoint (BPT) Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> tab 0 tab 1 tab 2 Homes SPACES FOR RENT Updated: February 13 Vantage Luxury Condominiums 2Bdrm. Furnished, Private Parking, Pool, Play Room Updated: 5:01 am Business Transfer Great Investment Opportunity For Rent Party Hall $2,000 Updated: 5:01 am More Homes Cars '11 Toyota Camry LE $9,000 w/ 90K Mi. White, Auto. $9,000 Updated: 5:01 am '10 Toyota Corolla S $9,000 w/ 66K Mi. Red, Auto. $9,000 Updated: 5:01 am '09 Toyota Corolla LE $7,500 w/ 111k Mi. White, Power $7,500 Updated: 5:01 am More Cars Calendar today's events browse submit Friends2Follow Follow us on Twitter Tweets from https://twitter.com/BrownsvilleNews/herald-newsroom Today's Edition Online Features Online Features Real Estate Exterior home improvements yield high... Brandpoint (BPT) Light solutions: What to do when your... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 bathroom design trends that marry l... Brandpoint (BPT) What you should know about rising int... Brandpoint (BPT) Six factors driving the cost of your ... Brandpoint (BPT) Where to find rebates, tax credits an... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 hot bathroom design trends that don... Brandpoint (BPT) Plumbing the power of a powder room a... Brandpoint (BPT) Where there is a will - and more - th... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 statement pieces to elevate your ba... Brandpoint (BPT) Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> Ads by Google Site Web Custom Search Advertising Advertising Place an Ad Co-op Advertising Commercial Print National Advertising Archives Archives Story Archives Obituaries Archives Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Subscribe Services Online Services Online Services RSS Feeds WebSites WebSites ElNuevoHeraldo.com RGVSports.com Copyright © 2016 The contents of this website may not be reproduced without written permission from The Brownsville Herald. All rights reserved. 1135 E. Van Buren St, Brownsville, TX 78520 | (956) 542-4301 Careers | Autos | Homes | Jobs | Classifieds AIM Media TX LLC © Copyright 2017, Brownsville Herald, Brownsville, TX. Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com. [Terms of Use | Privacy Policy] Screen Name or Email Password Forgot? Login Screen Name or Email Now I remember! Need an account? Create one now.
Thailand Press Release News search General Business Entertainment IT Stcoks Lifestyle Telecom Energy Properties Automotive Heathcare Events ฝากข่าวประชาสัมพันธ์ A YEAR OF SUSTAINED GROWTH FOR ETIHAD AIRWAYS IN 2016 AS IT EVOLVES INTO ETIHAD AVIATION GROUP Travel and Lifestyle Press Releases Wednesday February 15, 2017 15:18 Bangkok--15 Feb--TQPR Etihad Airways carried 18.5 million guests Etihad Airways delivered another year of sustained growth in 2016, helped by new aircraft, additional frequencies and the introduction of further world-class products. The airline carried 18.5 million guests during the year, up six per cent on 2015. The airline was also part of the evolution of Etihad Aviation Group, a wider aviation and tourism business which now also includes Etihad Airways Engineering; Airline Equity Partners; Etihad Airport Services and Hala Group. The formation of Etihad Aviation Group was announced in May 2016. During the year, Etihad Airways operated more than 109,000 scheduled passenger and cargo flights spanning around 446 million kilometres and 112 destinations. Capacity, measured in available seat kilometres (ASK), grew by nine per cent and passenger traffic, measured by revenue passenger kilometres (RPK), rose by eight per cent. The average load factor held steady at 79 per cent. Etihad Airways' fleet of 119 aircraft is one of the youngest and most environmentally-friendly in the industry, with an average age of 6 years. During the year, the airline took delivery of 10 aircraft: three Airbus A380s, five Boeing 787s and two Boeing 777-200 cargo freighters. An additional 12 aircraft are set for delivery in 2017, including nine Boeing 787s, two Airbus A380s and one A330-200 freighter. Etihad holds the strongest credit rating in the aviation industry (A by Fitch), demonstrating the strength of its successful business model which is widely acknowledged by the international financial community. James Hogan, President and Chief Executive Officer of Etihad Aviation Group (EAG), said: "2016 saw sustained growth in a very tough business environment. This is where Etihad Airways' superior products and services show their true value and where the strength of the EAG business model comes into effect through its diversity of businesses, cost effective synergies and global spread of risk. Most importantly, in 2016 we were able to introduce our new Group structure, which positions this business for long-term growth and development." Etihad Airways launched Venice in Italy, Rabat in Morocco and Sabiha Gokcen in Turkey as new destinations in 2016. The much-admired Airbus A380 began serving Mumbai and Melbourne, and the Boeing 787 Dreamliner was deployed on new routes, including Perth, Shanghai, Johannesburg and Dusseldorf. The airline added a fifth daily flight on the Doha route, an extra daily flight to Cairo and Kozhikode, and increased frequencies to Dammam, Manila and Tehran. Etihad Airways carried more than 76 per cent of the total passengers who travelled to and from Abu Dhabi International Airport in 2016. With the addition of the airline's equity partners that operate flights into the UAE capital, the combined total rises to 86 per cent of passenger traffic at the airport. The airline's codeshare and equity partnerships delivered 5.5 million passengers onto Etihad Airways' flights, an increase of nine per cent over the five million passengers in 2015. The airline launched new codeshare agreements with Avianca Colombia, Avianca Brasil, Kulula, Precision Air and Montenegro Airlines. Etihad Airways' existing codeshares with airberlin, Alitalia, Brussels Airlines, Flynas, Jet Airways, Malaysia Airlines, Hong Kong Airlines, and Virgin Australia were significantly expanded. Etihad Airways also launched new interline agreements with Lufthansa, Pegasus, Malindo and LATAM. As a result, the airline now offers a combined passenger and cargo network of nearly 600 destinations through its 188 interline and 53 codeshare partnerships. Etihad Airways' equity partner network, including airberlin, Air Serbia, Air Seychelles, Alitalia, Jet Airways, Virgin Australia and Etihad Regional, represents the seventh largest global grouping of airlines. In 2016, the combined fleet of 705 aircraft carried 126.6 million guests. In November, Etihad Airways Engineering dealt with a record breaking week of heavy maintenance at its state-of-the-art facility in Abu Dhabi. Aircraft from six of the seven partner airlines were worked on by the company's 3,000-strong team. During 2016, Etihad Cargo carried 592,700 tonnes, which was flat year-on-year. Etihad Cargo expanded its freighter services to several new markets, including Columbus Rickenbacker, Ohio in the US; East Midlands and London Stansted in the UK; Copenhagen; Brussels; Addis Ababa and Casablanca in Africa; Colombo; Muscat; and Zhengzhou in China. This brings the number of freighter-only destinations to 15. Strong growth was achieved within the group's loyalty businesses with over three million new members joining the Etihad Guest, MilleMiglia (Alitalia), topbonus (airberlin) and JetPrivilege programmes, which now provide benefits to nearly 20 million members. The Etihad Aviation Group workforce, as of 31 December, stood at 26,635 employees, representing 150 nationalities. The airline continued to prioritise its Emiratisation programme, and in November, celebrated the graduation of 310 future leaders from the Future Leaders Programmes, a strong indication of the company's commitment to investing in its people. There are currently more than 3,000 Emirati employees – 52 per cent of whom are women, including engineers and pilots. Mr Hogan added: "2017 will be another challenging year. We will continue to expand prudently and efficiently, reflecting the nature of the economic environment. We remain optimistic and have every belief that our robust business model will succeed and, most importantly, stand the test of time." 2016 was a year of impressive accolades for Etihad Airways - the pinnacle being the Skytrax Certified 5-Star Airline Rating - the most sought after quality status in the airline industry. Etihad was also named the 'World's Leading Airline' at the World Travel Awards for the eighth consecutive year and collected the coveted Crystal Cabin Award for the Boeing 787 First Class cabin design. During the year, Etihad Guest marked its 10th anniversary and reached 4.7 million members. Latest Press Release Special Offer from Royal Orchid Sheraton Hotel Towers at Thai Teaw Thai Fair 2017 Royal Orchid Sheraton Hotel & Towers offers you an exclusive discount at 42nd Thai Teaw Thai Fair 2017, 2-5 March 2017 at Booth P260 of Plenary Hall, Queen Sirikit National Convention Centre. Special prices for International lunch & dinner buffet... Dusit International teams up with Japans Prince Hotels for Staff Exchange Programme As part of its strategic marketing alliance, global hospitality company Dusit International, together with Japan's largest hotel chain, Prince Hotels, has launched a Staff Exchange Programme, starting this month. The companies entered into a strategic... Destination Group brings new Hooters location, Singapore - Marina Bay Destination Group brings new Hooters location, Singapore - Marina Bay24th location of Hooters opens its door today Hooters Asia today unveiled the opening of a new international location, Hooters of Singapore – Marina Bay, led by franchisee and... Inaugural Laguna Phuket Food Music Festival Unveiled at a Media Showcase On Thursday 9 February 2017, Laguna Phuket unveiled its newest "Laguna Phuket Food & Music Festival" at a special media conference at XANA Beach Club by the beautiful Bangtao Beach in Phuket, Thailand. Scheduled to take place at the resort's various... Get Ready for Special Promotions and Family Packages from Singapore Tourism Board at TITF 2017s Singapore Pavilion Still have no plan for the next holiday destination? Why don't you consider Singapore? Get ready for exclusive promotions and hot deals, only at the 20th Thai International Travel Fair 2017 (TITF#20) to be held at Queen Sirikit National Convention Center... Related Topics ETIHAD AVIATION GROUP Etihad Aviation Etihad Airways Etihad Airway products aviation Airways sustain Product airline Thursday February 16, 2017 16:24 © 2007 - 2017 Tasang Limited, All Rights Reserved 0.0135s/1,049k [TH]
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In City More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance City METRO CITIES Mumbai Delhi Bangalore Hyderabad Kolkata Chennai OTHER CITIES Agartala Agra Imphal Ahmedabad Allahabad Amritsar Aurangabad Bareilly Bhopal Bhubaneswar Chandigarh Coimbatore Cuttack Dehradun Erode Faridabad Goa Gurgaon Guwahati Hubli Indore Jaipur Jammu Jamshedpur Jind Kanpur Kochi Kolhapur Kozhikode Lucknow Ludhiana Madurai Mangalore Meerut Mysore Nagpur Nashik Navi Mumbai Noida Patna Puducherry Pune Raipur Rajahmundry Rajkot Ranchi Srinagar Salem Shillong Shimla Surat Thane Trichy Thiruvananthapuram Vadodara Varanasi Visakhapatnam Bangalore Citizen Reporter Crime Civic Issues Politics Schools & Colleges Events Elections 2017 ALL News » City News » Bangalore News » 'Too early to speculate Trump effect on Naval aircraft deal' 'Too early to speculate Trump effect on Naval aircraft deal'Arun Dev The Indian Navy’s recent RFI for 57 naval fighter aircraft kickstarted the race for another major defence deal. For the Navy, unhappy with the performance of the naval version of the Light Combat Aircraft (LCA), Boeing’s F-18s Super Hornet and Dassualt’s Gripen are forerunners for the spot. | TNN | Feb 15, 2017, 05.52 AM IST Boeing’s F/A-18 Super Hornet (above) and Dassualt’s Gripen are forerunners for the naval version of the light combat aircraft BENGALURU: The Indian Navy's recent RFI for 57 naval fighter aircraft kickstarted the race for another major defence deal. For the Navy, unhappy with the performance of the naval version of the Light Combat Aircraft (LCA), Boeing's F-18s Super Hornet and Dassualt's Gripen are forerunners for the spot. However, US President's Donald Trump's 'America First' policy has raised speculation about the American companies' ability to adhere to Modi's Make in India policies, especially shifting manufacturing to India. Thom Breckenridge, vice-president, global sales - India, Boeing, however, said it was early for any speculation of policy changes. Although he didn't comment on the possible impact of the Boeing's abilities to deliver as per Indian requirements, he said Boeing would work with the Indian government in a manner similar to their cooperation with the US government. The latest variant of the aircraft was introduced in 2007 and the US Navy expects it to be operational till the 2040s. The Super Hornet is the largest operating naval fighter aircraft and has over 700 deliveries of Super Hornet across the world. "Cost per hour becomes an important issue for any Navy. US government public accountability office data shows the Super Hornet has the lowest cost per flight hour," he said. Boeing has 35 direct suppliers and 120 indirect suppliers of various components of Super Hornets. "With our scale and presence in India, we will be able to provide a compelling Make in India offer," he said, despite speculation on the Trump regime's policies. While Boeing is harping on their reliability, their competition Saab Gripen is promising a 6th-7th generation fighter planes. At the same time, many are still batting for the LCA naval version; recently, VK Saraswat, member of Niti Aayog and former DRDO chief, said the LCA Navy is as good as any aircraft and the Indian Navy should support the project. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web Low Budget Movies Which Went On To Become Blockbusters BollywoodUnion Reach your premium audience with Colombia Colombia Save Shrayansh from a life-crippling disorder Milaap More from The Times of India Indian-origin couple fight on space ticket in divorce battle CID's Inspector Purvi is holidaying in Dubai, see pics ‘Sleep with a brahmin to rid yourself of doshas' From the Web More From The Times of India Pre-Launch Lodha Palava Central Park 1,2&3 BHK @ 37 Lac+Lodha Palava City 10 Ridiculously Weird Things You Can Buy OnlineBabyAxis Earn ~ 10% / yr rent + capital appreciation in Commercial REPROPERTY SHARE Top 10 Highest Earning Bollywood Playback SingersBollywood Union Increase your website visits through ColombiaColombia The Indira Gandhi the world will never know Satnam Singh drafted in NBA, selected by Dallas Mavericks Anant Ambani sheds 108 kilos, stuns family and friends NRI woman trapped men to get money to marry one she loved George Clooney, wife Amal ready for $300 million divorce? Comments Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Budget Live India Budget 2017 Income Tax Slab 2017-18 Budget 2017 News Budget 2017 Highlights Most Popular Jayalalithaa's Poes Garden residence was the hub of conspiracy, says SC AIADMK MLA escapes from Koovathur resort in disguise, joins Panneerselvam camp Sasikala breaks down, reveals Jayalalithaa’s last words to her Without your help he wont survive cancer! Ad: Milaap Valentine's Day: When business of love blossoms From quirky to ridiculous to outright bizarre, outlets and organisations in the city lined up different fare on Valentine's Day. It's the gift, toy and flower shops, which usually give the occasion a festive look. Malls are decorated beautifully with the theme of love, which make it the perfect place for couples to click memorable pictures and just roam around with the loved one hand in hand. These malls also offer activities where people can sit and paint for their partners or ask volunteers to make a painting. Valentine’s Day: Chandigarh boys try to woo random girls on road Valentine’s Day celebrations in Chandigarh garnered rocking response. Despite tight security arrangement at Geri Route in Chandigarh’s Sector 10, the youth entered the area in decked up vehicles to express their love. These boys were seen giving gifts, heart-shaped balloons and toys to girls in a hope to win their attention. Meanwhile, traffic movement suffered due to these activities and police had to intervene. From around the Web Help this student recover from Brain Damage! Milaap 15 most beautiful women in the world CrazyFreelancer Bollywood actors who made an impact at Hollywood CRITICSUNION Help this lonely man in a old age home live! Milaap More From The Times of India Pune to host 12th national youth festival TOI Website Bigg Boss: 'Don't like Tanishaa anymore' TOI Website ‘No free parking’ proposal irks Mumbaikars TOI Website Read MoreF-18Donald TrumpDefence Ties with USAero India 2017Aero India Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel Weather in Bengaluru Bangalore Travel Guide How to reach Bangalore Hotels in Bangalore Restaurants in Bangalore Shopping in Bangalore Places to visit in Bangalore Things to do in Bangalore Nightlife in Bangalore Weekend getaways from Bangalore Itineraries Bangalore Map Bangalore Photos Haunted Places in Bangalore Download Bangalore Travel Guide Bangalore To Mumbai Flights Bangalore To Goa Flights Bangalore To Pune Flights From our Global Partners At 81, retired air vice marshal Lamba is oldest pilot Companies must get clearances from parent nations: Manohar Parrikar Show off to a stunning start, but on a lacklustre note Jail security up, court may issue warrant 1'Too early to speculate Trump effect on Naval aircraft deal' 2At 81, retired air vice marshal Lamba is oldest pilot 3Companies must get clearances from parent nations: Manohar Parrikar 4Show off to a stunning start, but on a lacklustre note 5Jail security up, court may issue warrant About us Privacy policy Newsletter Sitemap Create Your Own Ad Advertise with us Feedback TOI Mobile Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy RSS ePaper Archives Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times | इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ | Pune Mirror | Bangalore Mirror | Ahmedabad Mirror | ItsMyAscent | Education Times | Brand Capital | Mumbai Mirror | Times Now | Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स | महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ | Go Green | Lifehacker India | Gizmodo India | Eisamay | IGN India | NavGujarat Samay | Tamil News | Telugu News | Miss Kyra | Hindi News | FILMIPOP Hindi Living and entertainment iDiva | Entertainment | Zoom | Luxpresso | Mobile Phones | Online Songs | MensXP.com | Hotels | Travel Destinations | smartapp | Cricbuzz.com | Filmfare | Femina | Grazia | Filmipop | Bombay Times Interest Network itimes Hot on the Web Cricket News | Sunny Leone Bikini Pics | How to Get Pregnant | Latest News Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Matrimonial | Astrology | Jobs | Tech Community | Property | Buy car | Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds | Used Cars | Restaurants in Delhi | Movie Show Timings | Remit to India | Listen Songs | TimesMobile | Real Estate Developers | Restaurant Deals in Delhi | Mobile Recharge | Bollywood News | Bank Exam App | iTimes Entertainment App | ETMoney Finance App Trending Topics Beauty Care | BMC Election 2017 | Movie Reviews | Weather Today | PMC Election 2017 | India Budget 2017 News FOLLOW US ON Top Trends Live Score: India vs Bangladesh Live: Assembly Elections 2017 Sasikala Panneerselvam news Vishal Sikka Sasikala DA Case Verdict Jolly LLB 2 Collection Honda City 2017 Panneerselvam Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights:Times Syndication Service `
Thursday, February 16, 2017  |  Jumada Al Ula 19, 1438 Business Things to do today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Sign In Edit Profile Sign Out UAE World Business Sport Arts & Life Opinion Blogs Personal Finance Aviation Banking Economy Energy The Life Markets Media Property Retail Technology Telecoms Travel & Tourism Boeing's new 737 MAX-9 under construction at the production facility in Renton, Washington. Jason Redmond / Reuters The cockpit of the 737 MAX-9. Boeing aims for a first flight of the new jetliner in April. Jason Redmond / Reuters The new 737 MAX-9 is seen as crucial to Boeing's financial target ambitions. Jason Redmond / Reuters A worker walks past the 737 MAX-9 at the production facility inWashington. The aircraft is designed to take on Airbus' A320 family. Jason Redmond / Reuters Boeing’s new stretched 737 jetliner set for maiden flight February 15, 2017 Updated: February 15, 2017 01:58 PM Related Boeing’s new India division aims to grow military aircraft production Emirates Boeing 777 ‘chases’ Lamborghini Huracan on the runway – video Boeing net income soars even as revenue loses altitude Singapore Airlines replaces Boeing 777 on two-stop route Related Boeing’s new India division aims to grow military aircraft production Emirates Boeing 777 ‘chases’ Lamborghini Huracan on the runway – video Boeing net income soars even as revenue loses altitude Singapore Airlines replaces Boeing 777 on two-stop route Topics: Boeing Boeing plans to fly its new 737 MAX-9 aircraft for the first time in April, a further sign the company will start delivering the large version of the workhorse plane in 2018. Delivery of the single-aisle 737 MAX models, which replace the current 737 "NG" introduced in 1997, is crucial for Boeing to hit the financial targets it has promised investors and to offset slowing output of some of its largest jets such as the 777 and 747. Airlines want the MAX because it burns significantly less fuel than current models. The world’s largest plane maker is creating up to five MAX versions, while planning to increase output to 57 planes a month in 2019, from 42 a month at present. The first MAX model in production, known as the MAX-8, is on track to reach customers by mid-year. "We are anticipating our certification of the airplane within a matter of days-weeks," said Keith Leverkuhn, the 737 general manager. The stamp of approval by the US federal aviation administration would come about a year after the MAX-8’s first flight and allow Boeing to begin delivering the US$110 million, 162-seat jetliner in the second quarter, he said. Deliveries trigger the bulk of airline payments. Norwegian Air Shuttle will be one of the first airlines to fly the plane commercially, probably ahead of launch customer Southwest Airlines, which was first to order the MAX but is taking longer to put it into service. Boeing expects the MAX to account for as much as 15 per cent of the 500 or more 737s it expects to deliver in 2017, rising to nearly 100 per cent by 2020. Boeing on Monday showed off the first 737 MAX-9 sitting near the end of the assembly line at its factory in Renton, Washington. The nearly completed jet, which carries a list price of $116.6m and seats 178, will undergo about nine months of testing after first flight in April. Boeing is mulling an even larger version, the 737 MAX-10, to take on rival Airbus, which has had strong sales of its A321neo that is a larger competitor to the MAX-9. The MAX-10 would be 1.68 metres longer than the MAX-9, with the same engine thrust. The major change will be the landing gear, which must be taller to accommodate the longer fuselage. Boeing expects to test various landing gear designs this year "to see which one … is going to be the best solution," Mr Leverkuhn said. Boeing is about 90 per cent finished with design drawings for the smallest version, the 737 MAX-7. A high-density MAX-200, with seating for 200 passengers, rounds out the model line. Sales of Boeing’s larger twin-aisle planes have slowed sharply and the company is cutting output of the profitable 777 by 40 per cent this year. It will rely on the 737 and 787 to make up a large part of the financial difference. Introducing new models while increasing production rates requires Boeing to solve any factory issues quickly. So far, Mr Leverkuhn said, "the hours to build the MAX are meeting our expectation". * Reuters business@thenational.ae Follow The National’s Business section on Twitter Pages: Add your comment View all comments More Aviation Sydney Airport profits rise amid concerns over new city passenger hub Air France-KLM finds unexpected lift as profit beats forecasts Boeing and Airbus jetliner demand to fall but military aircraft to cushion blow India and Russia close in on helicopter manufacturing deal MOST VIEWED Business | All Dubai to launch driverless flying cars by this summer Mubadala Investment Company set for next step on integration path Toyota recalls thousands of hydrogen-powered Mirais Dubai Land Department to introduce standard property lease form Property broker Asteco expects Abu Dhabi rents to fall Defence sector in focus ahead of Idex and Navdex in Abu Dhabi next week Five do’s and don’ts for Apple’s next iPhone Dubai landlord living overseas needs to evict tenant who hasn’t paid rent for six months RAK Ceramics’ profit hit amid building activity slowdown Boeing and Airbus jetliner demand to fall but military aircraft to cushion blow More Most Viewed UAE ambassador dies of injuries sustained in Afghanistan terror attack Dubai to launch driverless flying cars by this summer UAE weather: heavy rain expected as unstable conditions persist Mubadala Investment Company set for next step on integration path Parents, not schools, are struggling Sheikh Mohammed attends ceremony; Sheikh Mansour chairs Mubadala meeting - in pictures Anniesa Hasibuan’s hijabs fit for royalty at New York Fashion Week The end of the two-state solution - killed off by Trump and Netanyahu Rouhani meets rulers of Oman and Kuwait to reduce Iran-GCC tensions What La La Land tells us about Abu Dhabi More Most Viewed Back to the top EDITOR'S PICKS Dubai to launch driverless flying cars by this summer Q&A: What Abu Dhabi’s 3 per cent municipality fee means for you Where Abu Dhabi rents have risen and fallen, Q3 2016 – in pictures Where Dubai rents have risen and fallen, Q3 2016 – in pictures FOLLOW US Tweets by @TheNationalUAE SPOTLIGHT Rouhani meets rulers of Oman and Kuwait to reduce Iran-GCC tensions Property broker Asteco expects Abu Dhabi rents to fall About us Contact us Work with us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Advertise with us Subscribe Sitemap super.ae alittihad.ae thenational.ae anazahra.com ngalarabiya.com adtv.ae adradio.ae admedia.ae
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Boeing’s Fortunes Brighten as Trump Warms to Value of Ex-Im Bank by Julie Johnsson @juliejohnsson More stories by Julie Johnsson , Thomas Black More stories by Thomas Black , and Austin Weinstein More stories by Austin Weinstein February 15, 2017, 12:00 AM EST February 15, 2017, 9:26 AM EST President to make announcement on lender at Dreamliner event Export credit agency has been hobbled by lack of board member Dennis Muilenburg. Photographer: Bryan R. Smith/Pool via Bloomberg After a rocky start, Boeing Co. Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg appears to have gained the ear of President Donald Trump. The U.S. planemaker was one of Trump’s first post-election corporate targets, and a tweet about soaring Air Force One costs briefly tanked the company’s shares in December. But the Twitter tirade also gave Muilenburg an opening to press the case of the largest U.S. exporter -- and the 1.5 million jobs at its jet-equipment suppliers -- in meetings with Trump. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up The CEO’s entreaties seem to have worked. Trump has emerged as a booster for Boeing’s F/A-18 fighter jets and voiced support to lawmakers for a key Boeing initiative: re-opening the U.S. Export-Import Bank for major deals. Trump will fly to Boeing’s South Carolina factory to attend an event Friday showcasing the newest 787 Dreamliner, where he’s expected to make an announcement about the federal export credit agency. “The supply chain for Boeing doesn’t just run through the state of Washington,” said Howard Rubel, an analyst at Jefferies. The Ex-Im Bank is “a door opener.” Supporting the lender would put Trump at odds with some fellow Republicans, who view the bank as providing corporate welfare.  Boeing Bank Ex-Im has been dubbed the “Bank of Boeing” for the backing it has given to aircraft purchases by airlines unable to tap conventional credit markets. But it’s been blocked from providing loan guarantees of more than $10 million because it lacks a board member whose nomination has been stuck in a Senate committee since 2015. Trump is committed to reestablishing a quorum on the bank’s board, U.S. Senator Heidi Heitkamp, a Democrat from North Dakota, said after a Feb. 9 bipartisan lunch meeting between the president and lawmakers. That’s needed to allow the bank to lend more as it faces a backlog of as much as $30 billion in projects. Senator Richard Shelby, an opponent of the bank, had blocked nominees to the board over the past two years as chairman of the Senate Banking Committee. In January the Alabama Republican moved from the Banking to chair the Rules Committee, removing one hurdle for giving Ex-Im a quorum. Boeing and General Electric Co. have argued that without the financing, they would face a competitive disadvantage against companies in Europe, Canada, Brazil, China and Russia, who don’t face similar restrictions. Private Banks With the bank hobbled, U.S. manufacturers have been forced to turn to private banks or export credit banks from other countries where they operate to help customers finance big-ticket purchases. Boeing has lost or faces delays on three commercial satellite sales because of the lack of export credit, said Kate Bernard, a spokeswoman for the Chicago-based manufacturer. “It’s put us at a significant competitive disadvantage,” Bernard said. Critics argue that the Ex-Im Bank’s guarantees are heavily weighted toward a few large companies and the U.S. government could potentially be on the hook if borrowers default. In 2014, 40 percent of all authorizations went to Boeing alone, according to an analysis by George Mason University’s Mercatus Center. Other beneficiaries range from GE to Bechtel Group Inc. “I don’t blame companies like Boeing, Bechtel and GE for using Ex-Im or benefiting from Ex-Im,” said Diane Katz, a senior fellow at the Heritage Foundation, which favors limited government. “But we don’t have to give them the opportunity to do that on the backs of taxpayers.” GE Contracts GE had contracts valued at $11 billion that required Ex-Im Bank financing in 2015, when reauthorization of the bank lapsed. The company rushed to form partnerships with export credit agencies in Canada, the U.K., France and other countries to meet those needs, said Una Pulizzi, a spokeswoman for GE. A representative of Bechtel didn’t respond to a request for comment left outside normal business hours. Ex-Im Bank’s quarterly default rate was 0.27 percent at the end of September, well below the mandate by Congress. The bank is also profitable, returning $284 million to the U.S. Treasury last year and $675 million in 2014 when it was fully operational. The lender estimates it supported almost 165,000 U.S. jobs in 2014. If U.S. contractors can’t find Ex-Im Bank financing for U.S.-made equipment needed on an overseas projects, they will shift purchases to a country where the guarantees are available, said William Schubert, president of International Trade & Transportation Inc., which helps borrowers find government-backed credit. “When that happens, all the U.S. procurement disappears,” Schubert said. “I know people who are unemployed right now because the bank is down, and that’s unfortunate.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Americans Just Broke the Psychologists’ Stress Record Aetna CEO: Obamacare in 'Death Spiral' Calls for Russia Probe Mount for White House Reeling From Flynn Fallout The Political Assassination of Michael Flynn Trump's F-35 Calls Came With a Surprise: Rival CEO Was Listening Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to content Menu Local News Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Business Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Login Subscribe Boeing & Aerospace Business Boeing floods airwaves in aggressive South Carolina anti-union campaign Originally published February 14, 2017 at 11:47 am Updated February 14, 2017 at 4:43 pm Flags fly outside Boeing’s factory in North Charleston, S.C., where workers will vote Wednesday on whether to join the Machinists union. The state’s business lobby and political leaders have lent Boeing a hand in its anti-union campaign. (Mike Siegel/The Seattle Times) Boeing has cause for confidence about staying union-free in South Carolina, where a previous attempt to organize its aircraft factory fizzled. But when 3,000 employees vote Wednesday on joining the Machinists, it could be close and the company isn’t leaving anything to chance. Share story By Josh Eidelson Bloomberg News At a Monday rally in a North Charleston hotel conference room, South Carolina State Rep. David Mack looked out on about 100 supporters of the longshot campaign to unionize the city’s Boeing plant. Noting the aggressive opposition from management and the state business lobby, including a battery of anti-union commercials on local TV, the Charleston Democrat quipped: “After seeing some of those commercials, I was almost afraid to come in here.” Boeing has ample cause for confidence about staying union-free in South Carolina, the least unionized state in the U.S., where a previous attempt to organize the aircraft factory fizzled before a vote. But the company isn’t leaving anything to chance Wednesday, when about 3,000 employees are eligible to vote on whether to join the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers (IAM). Previous stories Jan. 20: War of words starts as Machinists union files for organizing vote at Boeing South Carolina The election is the latest round in a long-running, frequently ugly, unusually politicized struggle between the company and the union, which represents about 30,000 Boeing workers in the Seattle area. Most Read Stories Disappearance of Seattle-based crab boat, crew a ‘mystery’ ‘These boys loved what they did’: Former crabber on missing Destination talks about lost boat, lost brother T-Mobile one-ups Verizon’s new unlimited data plan; 4Q results top forecasts Seattle ‘Dreamer’ sues over his detention under Trump’s immigration actions Cellphone of admitted UW shooter outside Milo Yiannopoulos event was wiped clean, records showUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. It was freedom from strikes and escalating wages, a Boeing executive said in 2010, that was the overriding motivation for the company to place its new production line for 787 Dreamliners in South Carolina. The union brought a charge to the National Labor Relations Board alleging retaliation. The NLRB’s general counsel issued a complaint, sparking a firestorm of criticism from Republicans, including then-Governor Nikki Haley and several presidential candidates. The IAM agreed to drop the case upon reaching a new contract for its Washington members. Boeing’s southward shift was oft-touted by business and political leaders such as Haley, who saw union-avoidance as such a selling point in luring investment that she said she’d discourage unionized companies from coming to her state, so they didn’t “taint the water” there. President Donald Trump is scheduled to visit the plant Friday. “If the Machinists won at Boeing, it would be an earthquake in the South,” said University of California, Santa Barbara, labor historian Nelson Lichtenstein. So Boeing and its allies are pulling out all the stops to make sure that doesn’t happen. The jet maker ran 485 local TV spots between Jan. 31 and Feb. 6 urging workers to vote against the IAM, according to data from advertising tracker Kantar Media/CMAG. Additional anti-union ads from the South Carolina Manufacturers Institute had aired 350 times by Feb. 6, including one that ran locally during the Super Bowl. Boeing has also deployed radio, billboards, YouTube videos, social media, emails and mailings to reach its employees, according to the union. The IAM says Boeing has been pressing its case aggressively in the workplace as well, including through mandatory meetings, casual conversations on the shop floor, TV screens placed in break rooms, free anti-union T-shirts, and a giant stack of food, diapers and clothing labeled as all the things employees could buy for the same cost as annual union dues. A postcard titled “The Truth About IAM Wage Claims,” one of several the IAM says have been distributed by management at morning meetings, urges employees to “Just say NO to the IAM” and features an image of Pinocchio. On Monday, Boeing Commercial Airplanes CEO and President Kevin McAllister joined Boeing South Carolina general manager Joan Robinson-Berry for group meetings with employees, at which a Boeing spokesperson said they discussed “the importance of their decision” about unionization. Workers say the executives suggested unionization would mean giving away all of their rights to the union and could ruin the plant’s competitiveness. “They were threatening us basically” through “innuendo,” said employee Don Winckles. “They take the worst possible scenario and throw it out there, and a lot of people buy it, even though those people don’t like the way things are now.” The Machinists union says Boeing has taken classic labor-busting tactics to unusual extremes. “It’s on steroids right now,” said Mike Evans, the lead organizer on the campaign. Along with stoking fears about dues and strikes, Evans said, managers have suggested to employees that if they unionized they could stop getting bonuses and their jobs could be moved to China. Boeing spokeswoman Elizabeth Merida said in an email that “we are not making threats or asking teammates how they will vote or what they think of the union.” Under federal law, employers aren’t allowed to threaten to punish employees if they unionize, but have leeway to make negative predictions about what could happen afterward. Merida said Boeing is “making every effort” to inform employees that the union’s “motivation for their interest is financial and could be strongly influenced by their commitment to protect jobs in Washington state.” In 2014, Washington state employees narrowly approved a contract freezing their pensions to get Boeing to build its 777X jet there. The IAM, whose demonstrated ability to disrupt Puget Sound production once brought great clout at the bargaining table, has been struggling to regain leverage. In 2015, when the IAM petitioned the NLRB for an election to unionize the South Carolina plant, Haley used Facebook and Twitter, a radio ad for Boeing, and her State of the State address to urge employees to reject the union. Citing “misinformation” from Boeing and “unprecedented political interference,” the IAM withdrew its petition for an election five days before it had been scheduled to take place. While Haley has departed to serve as United Nations ambassador, Boeing still has friends ready to lend a hand. “Organized labor has no place in our state,” said Lewis Gossett, a former head of the state’s labor department. “A lot of like-minded companies don’t want to see them in South Carolina.” Gossett is president of the South Carolina Manufacturers Alliance and of its education arm, which is running ads comparing joining the IAM to gambling in a casino and suggesting the union president needs dues to fund his family members’ salaries. Gossett said the ads were launched without any input from Boeing officials, including the one who sits on the alliance’s board. The “VOTE NO” TV ads Boeing is running itself take a more positive tack, featuring employees talking about their child or their guitar, and saying “if you dream big with Boeing, you can go anywhere.” On Monday, the state’s senior U.S. senator, Lindsey Graham, told reporters that he’d urge employees to remember that “if we destroy the business model that led Boeing to South Carolina, this plant will not be able to grow,” according to the Charleston City Paper. The IAM has responded with ads of its own, featuring Boeing union members in Puget Sound sharing messages like, “You deserve the same benefits that we have.” But it says the company’s campaign has taken a toll, leaving some of its strong supporters too intimidated to talk to the media. “There’s a heavy fear factor here,” said Evans, who until last month was one of only two full-time organizers working on the campaign. He declined to share what percentage of the South Carolina facility’s eligible workforce signed the IAM’s petition for an NLRB election; only 30 percent was legally required. “A lot of people are afraid that if Boeing finds out they’re voting yes, that it will be against them,” said eight-year employee Kitt Johnson, who was disappointed more of his co-workers didn’t show up to Monday’s rally. “I’m hoping that that fear doesn’t blow into the election.” Given how aggressive companies’ anti-union campaigns can be, no union should count on employees who won’t show their support in public to vote for the union in private, said Kate Bronfenbrenner, a senior lecturer at Cornell’s labor relations school. “If a worker does not come out and publicly say they’ll vote for the union, that means they also are not going to vote for the union.”   Bloomberg reporters Julie Johnsson ,Greg Giroux and John McCormick contributed to this report. Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story Cigna rejects $48 billion Anthem takeover, sues for damages Previous Story Hemp for cows? Colorado approves hemp-animal feed study Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Your Morning Brief will arrive every weekday morning. Back to the story
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 1054 12 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest United's new Boeing 777-300ER, Polaris cabin gets splashy debut flight United's four-hour demonstration flight comes ahead of official Feb. 16 entry into service. Post to Facebook United's new Boeing 777-300ER, Polaris cabin gets splashy debut flight United's four-hour demonstration flight comes ahead of official Feb. 16 entry into service.   Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2lhkyGL {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs United's new Boeing 777-300ER, Polaris cabin gets splashy debut flight Today in the Sky Ben Mutzabaugh , USA TODAY Published 5:45 p.m. ET Feb. 14, 2017 | Updated 6:23 p.m. ET Feb. 14, 2017 19 Shares FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn United shows off its new Boeing 777-300ER, Polaris business class  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. A shot of the Polaris business-class cabin from United Airlines' Boeing 777-300ER.  United Airlines Fullscreen The coach-class cabin from United Airlines' Boeing 777-300ER.  United Airlines Fullscreen United CEO Oscar Munoz (left) poses with Brian Kelly of The Points Guy blog ahead of the ceremonial first flight of the carrier's first Boeing 777-300ER on Feb. 13, 2017.  United Airlines Fullscreen United Airlines CEO Oscar Munoz (center) and other employees perform a ceremonial ribbon-cutting ahead of a special flight on the airline's first Boeing 777-300ER.  Harriest Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen United Airlines CEO Oscar Munoz welcomes media and VIPs on to a special flight on the airline's first Boeing 777-300ER.  Harriest Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen United Airlines CEO Oscar Munoz checks a boarding pass ahead of a special flight on the airline's first Boeing 777-300ER.  Harriest Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A teddy bear keeps watch over the in-flight entertainment screen in the Polaris business-class cabin on a special flight of United's first Boeing 777-300ER.  Harriest Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Polaris business-class seat is seen reclined into its flat-bed position onboard a special flight of United's first Boeing 777-300ER.  Harriest Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen United CEO Oscar Munoz (center) poses with other employees ahead of a special flight of the airline's first Boeing 777-300ER.  Harriest Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United chef prepares the gallery on a special flight of United's first Boeing 777-300ER.  Harriest Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen United debuted its newest flagship aircraft -- the Boeing 777-300 ER -- with a special media flight from Chicago O'Hare to San Francisco on Feb. 13, 2017.  Harriest Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A teddy bear keeps watch in the Polaris business-class cabin on a special flight of United's first Boeing 777-300ER.  Harriest Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A flight attendant welcomes visitors onboard a special flight of United's first Boeing 777-300ER.  Harriest Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Even the pilot rest areas were equipped with United's Saks Fifth Avenue bedding for the carrier's special media flight on Feb. 13, 2017.  Harriest Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An airline-themed teddy bear keeps watch in the Polaris business-class cabin on a special flight of United's first Boeing 777-300ER.  Harriest Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen United CEO Oscar Munoz speaks at a press event ahead of a special flight on the airline's first Boeing 777-300ER.  Harriest Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen United Airlines CEO Oscar Munoz (center, with giant scissors) performs a ribbon-cutting ahead of the ceremonial first flight of the carrier's first Boeing 777-300ER.  United Airlines Fullscreen United Airlines CEO Oscar Munoz (center) poses with crew ahead of the ceremonial first flight of the carrier's first Boeing 777-300ER.  United Airlines Fullscreen United Airlines CEO performed gate duties, checking in passengers for the ceremonial first flight of the carrier's first Boeing 777-300ER on Feb. 13, 2017.  United Airlines Fullscreen United Airlines CEO performed gate duties, checking in passengers for the ceremonial first flight of the carrier's first Boeing 777-300ER on Feb. 13, 2017.  United Airlines Fullscreen The ceremonial first flight of the United Airlines' first Boeing 777-300ER from Chicago O'Hare on Feb. 13, 2017.  United Airlines Fullscreen The ceremonial first flight of the United Airlines' first Boeing 777-300ER from Chicago O'Hare on Feb. 13, 2017.  United Airlines Fullscreen United Airlines CEO Oscar Munoz (left) posed with crew ahead of the ceremonial first flight of the carrier's first Boeing 777-300ER.  United Airlines Fullscreen United Airlines CEO performed gate for the ceremonial first flight of the carrier's first Boeing 777-300ER on Feb. 13, 2017.  United Airlines Fullscreen United Airlines CEO performed gate duties, checking in passengers for the ceremonial first flight of the carrier's first Boeing 777-300ER on Feb. 13, 2017.  United Airlines Fullscreen A shot of the Polaris business-class cabin from United Airlines' Boeing 777-300ER.  United Airlines Fullscreen A lavatory from United Airlines' Boeing 777-300ER.  United Airlines Fullscreen A "do not disturb" sign is turned on in the Polaris business-class cabin from United Airlines' Boeing 777-300ER.  United Airlines Fullscreen A shot of the Polaris business-class cabin from United Airlines' Boeing 777-300ER.  United Airlines Fullscreen The snack-bar area in the Polaris business-class cabin from United Airlines' Boeing 777-300ER.  United Airlines Fullscreen A shot of the Polaris business-class cabin from United Airlines' Boeing 777-300ER.  United Airlines Fullscreen A Polaris business-class seat in United Airlines' Boeing 777-300ER.  United Airlines Fullscreen The ceremonial first flight of the United Airlines' first Boeing 777-300ER from Chicago O'Hare on Feb. 13, 2017.  United Airlines Fullscreen This image provided by United shows some of the food selection from its new Polaris lounge at Chicago O'Hare.  United Airlines Fullscreen This image provided by United shows some of the food selection from its new Polaris lounge at Chicago O'Hare.  United Airlines Fullscreen This image provided by United shows its new Polaris lounge at Chicago O'Hare.  United Airlines Fullscreen This image provided by United shows its new Polaris lounge at Chicago O'Hare.  United Airlines Fullscreen This image provided by United shows its new Polaris lounge at Chicago O'Hare.  United Airlines Fullscreen This image provided by United shows its new Polaris lounge at Chicago O'Hare.  United Airlines Fullscreen This image provided by United shows some of the food selection from its new Polaris lounge at Chicago O'Hare.  United Airlines Fullscreen This image provided by United shows some of the food selection from its new Polaris lounge at Chicago O'Hare.  United Airlines Fullscreen This image provided by United shows some of the food selection from its new Polaris lounge at Chicago O'Hare.  United Airlines Fullscreen This image provided by United shows its new Polaris lounge at Chicago O'Hare.  United Airlines Fullscreen This image provided by United shows the Saks Fifth Avenue bedding at its new Polaris lounge at Chicago O'Hare.  United Airlines Fullscreen This image provided by United shows a rest area at its new Polaris lounge at Chicago O'Hare.  United Airlines Fullscreen This image provided by United shows its new Polaris lounge at Chicago O'Hare.  United Airlines Fullscreen The ceremonial first flight of the United Airlines' first Boeing 777-300ER from Chicago O'Hare on Feb. 13, 2017.  United Airlines Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 47 2 of 47 3 of 47 4 of 47 5 of 47 6 of 47 7 of 47 8 of 47 9 of 47 10 of 47 11 of 47 12 of 47 13 of 47 14 of 47 15 of 47 16 of 47 17 of 47 18 of 47 19 of 47 20 of 47 21 of 47 22 of 47 23 of 47 24 of 47 25 of 47 26 of 47 27 of 47 28 of 47 29 of 47 30 of 47 31 of 47 32 of 47 33 of 47 34 of 47 35 of 47 36 of 47 37 of 47 38 of 47 39 of 47 40 of 47 41 of 47 42 of 47 43 of 47 44 of 47 45 of 47 46 of 47 47 of 47 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide United Airlines put its first Boeing 777-300ER -- along with its ballyhooed new Polaris cabin -- in the air Monday, flying its newest aircraft type on a four-hour demonstration flight from Chicago O’Hare to San Francisco. CEO Oscar Munoz was on hand for the occasion, performing a ceremonial ribbon-cutting at the airport and performing gate duties as United showed off the jet. True to the role, Munoz scanned the boarding passes of media members and other VIPs flying on what the airline billed as its debut flight of the aircraft. RELATED: United hints at widebody fleet plans with Polaris retrofits (FlightGlobal) Still, Monday’s flight was a not a regular "revenue" flight, but rather part of a continuing publicity blitz by United to show off its new business-class cabin. The 777-300ER, United’s first plane to get its updated Polaris seat, will enter revenue service for the first time on Thursday (Feb. 16). Initially, it will fly domestically between Newark Liberty and San Francisco – a hub-to-hub route for United that connects two of its biggest bases and will allow crews to become familiar with the cabin layout on the new aircraft. United will expand its 777-300ER service to international routes as more models of the plane enter its fleet. The airline says the new Polaris-outfitted planes will begin flying between San Francisco and Hong Kong on March 25 when the 777-300ER will replace United’s Boeing 747-400s that currently fly the route. As for Monday’s flight, that came as United has been hyping its new Polaris cabin and service. It’s all part of a broader turnaround strategy at the company, which finally seems to have found some forward momentum after an extended run of inconsistent operations and customer service following its 2010 merger with Continental. New United CEO acknowledges 'rocky' merger, pledges 'that's going to change' The fleet and hubs of United Airlines, by the numbers FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn The fleet and hubs of United Airlines  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. A United Airlines Boeing 787-8 taxies for departure at Denver International Airport in July 2013.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen This image provided by United shows the carrier's first Boeing 777-300ER widebody jet.  United Airlines/Tim Stake Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 737-700 taxies to the gate after arriving at Fukuoka Airport in Fukuoka, Japan, in January 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 737-800, painted in a special Star Alliance livery, takes off from Reagan National Airport in May 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Express Embraer E145 regional jet lands at Houston George Bush Intercontinental Airport in June 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Express Bombardier CRJ-700 regional jet lands at Houston George Bush Intercontinental Airport in June 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Express Embraer E170 jet prepares for departure from Chicago O'Hare International Airport in June 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 767-400 takes off from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in September 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen United Airlines jets line Terminal 7 at Los Angeles International Airport on Nov. 8, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 757-200 takes off from sunny Los Angeles International Airport in November 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Bombardier CRJ-200 lands at Reno-Tahoe Airport on Feb. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 737-900 rests at a gate at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on March 12, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Fresh spring foliage bids farewell to a United Express Embraer E170 as it departs Chicago O'Hare International Airport in April 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen United Express tails line a terminal pier at Chicago O'Hare International Airport in April 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen United Airlines jets taxi through Chicago O'Hare International Airport in April 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 767-300 lands at Amsterdam Schiphol Airport in August 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 767-300 lands at Amsterdam Schiphol Airport in August 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 787-9 takes off from Los Angeles International Airport on Sept. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 747-400 takes off from San Francisco International Airport in October 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 757-300 lands at San Francisco International Airport in October 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 747-400 lands at San Francisco International Airport in October 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 777-200 - painted in a special Star Alliance livery - lands at San Francisco International Airport in October 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Airbus A319 taxis at San Francisco International Airport in October 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 777-200 taxies for departure from Chicago O'Hare International Airport in November 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Airbus A320 departs Canada's Vancouver International Airport in December 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The new Polaris business-class cabin as seen on United Airlines' first Boeing 777-300ER widebody jet.  United Airlines Fullscreen Chicago's Oak Street Beach and downtown skyline are seen in this undated photo. Chicago is United's busiest hub (by passengers).  Patrick L. Pyszka, City of Chicago Fullscreen Chicago's skyline is seen as a United Airlines jet takes off from Chicago O'Hare on Sept. 19, 2014. In the distance is the Willis (Sears) Tower that's home to United's official headquarters.  Scott Olson, Getty Images Fullscreen An aerial view of the downtown Houston skyline from October 2014. Houston's Bush Intercontinental Airport is United's second-biggest hub (by passengers).  Kirby Lee, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen A United Boeing 787 Dreamliner takes off within view of the Houston skyline. Houston Bush Intercontinental is United's second-busiest hub (by passengers).  James Nielsen, AP Fullscreen The Manhattan skyline can be seen from Terminal C at Newark Liberty International Airport, which is United's third-busiest hub (by passengers).  Julio Cortez, AP Fullscreen Travelers ride on the AirTrain at Newark Liberty International Airport, which is United's third-busiest hub (by passengers).  Julio Cortez, AP Fullscreen The iconic roof structure at Denver International Airport, which is United's fourth-biggest hub (by passengers).  Arina Habich, Getty Images/iStockphoto Fullscreen A new 23-mile electric commuter rail line will link Denver's airport to downtown. Denver is United's fourth-biggest hub (by passengers).  Denver International Airport Fullscreen The Golden Gate Bridge is seen with the city of San Francisco behind it. San Francisco is United's fifth-biggest hub (by passengers).  Scott Chernis Photography Fullscreen A United Airlines maintenance hangar is seen at San Francisco International, the carrier's fifth biggest hub by passengers.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The distinctive main terminal building of Washington Dulles is seen in October 2014. Dulles is United's sixth-busiest hub (by passengers).  Mark Wilson, Getty Images Fullscreen Los Angeles International Airport -- and it's iconic LAX sign -- are seen in October 2013. LAX is United's seventh-busiest hub (by passengers).  AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen An shot of the National Mall and the iconic buildings of Washington, D.C. Washington's Dulles airport is United's sixth-busiest hub (by passengers).  Ron Edmonds, AP Fullscreen The skyline of downtown Los Angeles is seen in December 2016. LAX is United's seventh-busiest hub (by passengers).  EPA Fullscreen The skyline of central Tokyo. United Airlines count's Tokyo's Narita Airport as one of its hubs.  Yoshikazu Tsuno, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen United Airlines counts Guam as a hub for its major presence in the Pacific and Micronesia. Here, a beach area of Guam is seen in an October 2015 photo.  mjf795, Getty Images/iStockphoto Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 42 2 of 42 3 of 42 4 of 42 5 of 42 6 of 42 7 of 42 8 of 42 9 of 42 10 of 42 11 of 42 12 of 42 13 of 42 14 of 42 15 of 42 16 of 42 17 of 42 18 of 42 19 of 42 20 of 42 21 of 42 22 of 42 23 of 42 24 of 42 25 of 42 26 of 42 27 of 42 28 of 42 29 of 42 30 of 42 31 of 42 32 of 42 33 of 42 34 of 42 35 of 42 36 of 42 37 of 42 38 of 42 39 of 42 40 of 42 41 of 42 42 of 42 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide "It's more than a product. It represents the new spirit of United," Munoz said in remarks before the launch, according to Travel Weekly. Indeed, many have credited Munoz – who took over as the company’s CEO in late 2015 – for restoring a sense of optimism at United. In addition to working to update the carrier’s product, Munoz has been assembling a respected management team that many industry observers believe could restore the company as a formidable force in the U.S. airline industry. For now, all eyes are on United’s overhauled “Polaris” business class cabin. United has already rolled out in-flight service elements of Polaris, but the new seat and cabin design will debut with this first 777-300ER before slowly rolling out to more of United’s long-haul fleet. United’s new Polaris seats have so far received generally positive feedback. Each of the lie-flat seats in the cabin includes direct-aisle access – a significant improvement from the carrier’s current business-class layout that requires many customers to climb over their neighbors to get in and out of their seats. Other amenities, like Saks Fifth Avenue bedding, have been mostly well-received. IN PICTURES: United unveils the first of its new 'Polaris' business-class lounges FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn United unveils the first of its new 'Polaris' business-class lounges  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. The entrance to United's Polaris lounge at Chicago O'Hare.  United Airlines Fullscreen Entrance to United's new Polaris lounge at Chicago's O'Hare Airport is seen during a media preview on Nov. 30, 2016.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The full-service bar at the United Polaris lounge at Chicago O'Hare.  United Airlines Fullscreen The showers in the United Polaris lounge at Chicago O'Hare.  United Airlines Fullscreen There are great views of airfield activity from many seating areas in the United Polaris lounge at O'Hare.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Seating areas in the United Polaris lounge at O'Hare include pods with pull-out marble tables.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Hot and cold dishes --in small portions -- will be served at the United Polaris lounge.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen One of the specialty cocktails in United's Polaris lounge in Chicago comes with a tiny paper airplane.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The full-service bar at the United Polaris lounge at Chicago O'Hare.  United Airlines Fullscreen Chicago mixologist Adam Seger had a team of bartenders from across the country create specialty cocktails for United Polaris lounge.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A table-and-seating area at the United Polaris lounge at Chicago O'Hare.  United Airlines Fullscreen Chicago-based chef Art Smith created a seasonally-influenced, locally-sourced menu for the Polaris Lounge. Also served at the lounge: his signature fried chicken and Hummingbird Cake.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The full-service bar at United's Polaris Lounge in Chicago.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The check-in area at United's Polaris Lounge in Chicago O'Hare Airport features a Chicago-inspired light sculpture.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Artist Wolfgang Buttress created the Chicago-inspired light sculpture for the Polaris lounge and will also create an original installation for the other eight Polaris lounges.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen There are plenty of private seating spaces for work and relaxation space at the United Polaris lounge at O'Hare.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Showers with valet service-and daybeds are among the Polaris lounge-offerings.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Daybeds in the United Polaris lounge have slippers and sleep amenities, white noise, and adjustable lighting.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The Saks Fifth Avenue bedding used for the Polaris in-flight expereince is also featured in the lounge's daybed-rooms.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Artwork is featured prominently throughout the United Polaris lounge at Chicago O'Hare.  United Airlines Fullscreen Shower rooms in the United Polaris lounge have two-sided valet closets so passengers can get clothes pressed while showering.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen There are washers and dryers in United's Polaris lounge so fliers can address spills and other laundry related travel needs.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A mock-up of a Polaris seat, including Saks Fifth Avenue amenities, will begin to roll on United planes in early 2017.  United Airlines Fullscreen Polaris sleep amenities include slippers and pajamas for long-haul flights.  United Airlines Fullscreen Fliers will get upgraded in-flight amenity kit for Polaris flights.  United Airlines Fullscreen A mock-up of United's new Polaris business class seat shown in nighttime lighting. The seats will first begin flying in early 2017.  United Airlines Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 26 2 of 26 3 of 26 4 of 26 5 of 26 6 of 26 7 of 26 8 of 26 9 of 26 10 of 26 11 of 26 12 of 26 13 of 26 14 of 26 15 of 26 16 of 26 17 of 26 18 of 26 19 of 26 20 of 26 21 of 26 22 of 26 23 of 26 24 of 26 25 of 26 26 of 26 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide In coach class, however, United will move to a 10-abreast seating layout that features a 3-4-3 configuration. United had already announced plans to move to a similar "high-density" layout on several of its older Boeing 777 aircraft. Seth Miller was on United’s demonstration flight on behalf of the Runway Girl Network, a site dedicated to covering seats, aircraft interiors and other items that account for “passenger experience.” He reviewed the flight, including this take on the economy cabin: “The decision to go 10-abreast in economy class is not surprising but also not particularly comforting for those who fly in the back. The seats are tight, with three of us rubbing shoulders and elbows while trying out the space. I’ve done the 3-4-3 layout a few times now and it feels even a smidgen tighter to me than the Boeing 787’s 3-3-3 layout, though that may just be psychological, as one sees an extra human in each row of the 10-abreast 777.” Overall, United’s new 777-300ERs will include 102 Economy Plus seats and 204 standard economy seats. Unlike on many international carriers, United’s Economy Plus seats come only with about three extra inches of legroom; they will not include separate recliner seat types that have become increasingly common in the so-called “premium economy” cabins of international carriers like Lufthansa, British Airways, Air France, Qantas, Cathay Pacific and others. TWITTER: You can follow Today in the Sky editor Ben Mutzabaugh at twitter.com/TodayInTheSky IN PICTURES: First look: United's new Polaris business class cabin FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn First look: United's new Polaris business class cabin  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. United unveils the new custom seats that it will install in its new international business class cabins. The new service, called Polaris, will debut on Dec. 1.  Charisse Jones, USA TODAY Fullscreen United's new custom designed lie flat seat extends up to six and a half feet and includes linen from Saks Fifth Ave. Pajamas are included for flights longer than 12 hours.  Charisse Jones, USA TODAY Fullscreen United's new international business class will include slippers, cooling gel pillows and products from Saks and Cowshed.  Charisse Jones, USA TODAY Fullscreen Rendering of a lie-flat bed in United's new Polaris class.  United Airlines Fullscreen Rendering of a seat view in United's new Polaris cabin.  United Airlines Fullscreen Rendering of United's new international business class cabin.  United Airlines Fullscreen Rendering of the new international business class cabin coming this December to United's fleet.  United Airlines Fullscreen Rendering of night view in Polaris cabin.  United Airlines Fullscreen Rendering of a Polaris lounge, coming to nine U.S. airports for United international business class fliers.  United Airlines Fullscreen Rendering of a buffet spread at a United Polaris airport lounge.  United Airlines Fullscreen Appetizer to be served in United's international business class cabin.  United Airlines Fullscreen A main course to be served in United's international business class cabin.  United Airlines Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 12 2 of 12 3 of 12 4 of 12 5 of 12 6 of 12 7 of 12 8 of 12 9 of 12 10 of 12 11 of 12 12 of 12 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide United now flying longest route of any U.S. airline FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn United Airlines launches San Francisco-Singapore nonstops  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. A special Asian-inspired dance was performed in the gate area for passengers on United's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A departure board shows a seat map and flight information ahead of United's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen United's flight crews are among the crowd watching pre-flight festivities ahead of the carrier's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen This United Airlines Boeing 787-9 is being readied for the carrier's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Special decorations hinted at United Airlines' inaugural flight from San Francisco to Singapore on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Crews ready the Dreamliner 787-9 business-class cabin ahead of United's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Workers stock the economy cabin with food and beverages ahead of United's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Economy cabin food and beverage supplies are ready to be loaded ahead of United's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen This United Airlines Boeing 787-9 is being readied for the carrier's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen United Airlines and airport officials perform a ceremonial ribbon-cutting ahead of the carrier's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Workers ferry economy cabin food and beverages on to the plane ahead of United's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  vBen Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen This United Airlines Boeing 787-9 is prepped for the carrier's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Workers load economy cabin food and beverages on to the plane ahead of United's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The business class cabin of this United Airlines Boeing 787-9 is seen shortly before the carrier's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Customers on United's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight received this commemorative certificate on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A departure board shows information for United's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen United Airlines made sure to make fliers aware of its inaugural flight from San Francisco to Singapore on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A special Asian-inspired dance was performed in the gate area for passengers on United's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen United's flight crews are among the crowd watching pre-flight festivities ahead of the carrier's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A crowd of passengers, employees and other onlookers watches a pre-flight celebration ahead of United's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen United Airlines made sure to make fliers aware of its inaugural flight from San Francisco to Singapore on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 21 2 of 21 3 of 21 4 of 21 5 of 21 6 of 21 7 of 21 8 of 21 9 of 21 10 of 21 11 of 21 12 of 21 13 of 21 14 of 21 15 of 21 16 of 21 17 of 21 18 of 21 19 of 21 20 of 21 21 of 21 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Photo tour: Planespotting at San Francisco International (SFO) FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Planespotting at San Francisco International Airport  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. A United Airlines Boeing 747 takes off for Hong Kong from San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Virgin America tails group together at Terminal Two at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Emirates Airbus A380, flying in a special Los Angeles Dodgers livery, departs for Dubai from San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air France Airbus A380 begins the long journey to Paris from San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air China Boeing 747-8i lands at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A WOW Air Airbus A330 arriving from Iceland lands at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Lufthansa Airbus A380 departs from San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines ramp worker guides a departing United Boeing 747 out for departure from San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Wings flexing, a United Airlines Boeing 787 takes off from San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen United Airlines Boeing 757s trade places at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / Special Fullscreen A tiny United Express CRJ regional jet is dwarfed by the massive the Emirates Airbus A380 taxiing behind it at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 747-400 arriving from Frankfurt, Germany, lands at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Singapore Airlines' first nonstop flight connecting Singapore and San Francisco taxis to the gate at San Francisco International Airport after arrival on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Jets line up for departure during the early evening rush at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A British Airways Boeing 777 takes off from San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A U.S. Coast Guard helicopter prepares to land at its base at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 757 taxies to the gate after arrival at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / Special Fullscreen A Japan Airlines (JAL) Boeing 777 leads the way through a heavy crosswind while a British Airways Airbus A380 follows behind for landing at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Japan Airlines Boeing 777 arriving from Tokyo lands at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Delta Air Lines Boeing 757 takes off from San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Express CRJ regional jet lands at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Delta Air Lines Boeing 737-800 lands at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air China Boeing 777 arriving from Beijing prepares to land at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Virgin Atlantic Boeing 787-9 takes off for London from San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air Berlin Airbus A330 arrives to San Francisco International Airport from Germany on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air Berlin Airbus A330 departs San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen As night falls, a United Airlines Airbus A319 prepares for departure from San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Jets line up for departure during the early evening rush at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Airbus A319 waits to cross the runway at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A China Southern Boeing 787 Dreamliner taxiies to a gate after arriving to San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 777 taxies out for departure on an early morning at San Francisco International Airport on April 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An entrance to San Francisco International Airport (SFO) is seen on July 1, 2016.  EPA Fullscreen A Virgin America plane lands within view of a United Airlines plane at San Francisco International Airport on Feb. 18, 2015.  Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Fullscreen A sign is posted near the departures monitor for the new Yoga Room at San Francisco International Airport's terminal 2 on Jan. 26, 2012.  Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Fullscreen Terminal 2 is seen through the window of a sky train station at San Francisco International Airport on March 13, 2015.  Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 747 sits on the tarmac at San Francisco International Airport on June 10, 2015.  Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Fullscreen A Lufthansa Airbus A380 plane lands at San Francisco International Airport on May 10, 2011.  Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Fullscreen An American Airlines aircraft passes in view of an American Airlines gate at San Francisco International Airport's "T2" Terminal 2 on April 6, 2011.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The Virgin Galactic spaceship sits on the runway at the new T2 terminal at San Francisco International Airport on April 6, 2011.  Martin E. Klimek, for USA TODAY Fullscreen Fliers enter the San Francisco's new "T3E" gates under this modern-looking entrance area.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 40 2 of 40 3 of 40 4 of 40 5 of 40 6 of 40 7 of 40 8 of 40 9 of 40 10 of 40 11 of 40 12 of 40 13 of 40 14 of 40 15 of 40 16 of 40 17 of 40 18 of 40 19 of 40 20 of 40 21 of 40 22 of 40 23 of 40 24 of 40 25 of 40 26 of 40 27 of 40 28 of 40 29 of 40 30 of 40 31 of 40 32 of 40 33 of 40 34 of 40 35 of 40 36 of 40 37 of 40 38 of 40 39 of 40 40 of 40 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide IN PICTURES: United Airlines celebrates delivery of new Boeing 777-300ER FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn United Airlines celebrates delivery of new Boeing 777-300ER  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. This image provided by United shows the carrier's first Boeing 777-300ER widebody jet.  United Airlines/Tim Stake Fullscreen The new Polaris business-class cabin as seen on United Airlines' first Boeing 777-300ER widebody jet.  United Airlines Fullscreen The new Polaris business-class cabin as seen on United Airlines' first Boeing 777-300ER widebody jet.  United Airlines Fullscreen The new Polaris business-class cabin as seen on United Airlines' first Boeing 777-300ER widebody jet.  United Airlines Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 4 2 of 4 3 of 4 4 of 4 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide IN PICTURES: United launches first international route on 'stretch' Dreamliner FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn United launches first international route on 'stretch' Dreamliner  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. United's new Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner at LAX's Terminal 7, gate 74, on Oct. 26, 2014 prior to launching nonstop service to Melbourne, Australia.  United Airlines Fullscreen Crew pose for a themed picture at Los Angeles International on Oct. 26, 2014, ahead of the launch of United's new Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner service to Melbourne, Australia.  United Airlines Fullscreen A passenger boards United Flight 98 on Oct. 26, 2014 at LAX. It was United's inaugural flight to Melbourne on the airline's new 787-9 Dreamliner.  United Airlines Fullscreen Young BusinessFirst passengers on United's new Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner for the carrier’s launch of service between Los Angeles and Melbourne, Australia, on Oct. 26, 2014.  United Airlines Fullscreen The factory roll-out of United Airlines' first Boeing 787-9 on April 8, 2014, at Boeing's production line in Everett, Wash.  United Airlines Fullscreen United representatives and Australian officials perform a ribbon cutting for the launch of the airline's new nonstop Dreamliner service to Melbourne on Oct. 26, 2014.  United Airlines Fullscreen BusinessFirst passengers are given pre-departure drinks after boarding United's new Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner for the carrier’s launch of service between Los Angeles and Melbourne, Australia, on Oct. 26, 2014.  United Airlines Fullscreen Passengers board United's BusinessFirst cabin on a Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner for the launch of the airline's new nonstop service from LAX to Melbourne, Australia, on Oct. 26, 2014.  United Airlines Fullscreen Dave Hilfman, United's SVP of Worldwide Sales, welcomes customers, officials and employees to the launch of the airline's new nonstop Dreamliner service to Melbourne, Australia, on Oct. 26, 2014.  United Airlines Fullscreen This undated file photo provided by United shows one a United 787-9 taking off on a Boeing test flight from Boeing's production line facility in Everett, Wash.  United Airlines Fullscreen Passengers board United's new Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner at LAX's Terminal 7, gate 74, on Oct. 26, 2014 prior to the launch of the airline’s nonstop service to Melbourne, Australia.  United Airlines Fullscreen A passenger is welcomed at Los Angeles International on Oct. 26, 2014, as she boards United's new Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner service to Melbourne, Australia.  United Airlines Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 12 2 of 12 3 of 12 4 of 12 5 of 12 6 of 12 7 of 12 8 of 12 9 of 12 10 of 12 11 of 12 12 of 12 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide A shot of the Polaris business-class cabin from United Airlines' Boeing 777-300ER.  (Photo: United Airlines) Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2lhkyGL Most Popular Canadian school board bans student trips to U.S. 2.8k Shares Airport, airline CEOs hear Trump support for construction, modernization 527 Shares AirAsia announces $99 fares for first-ever U.S. destination 416 Shares Air France celebrates network 'heart' at Paris Charles De Gaulle Airport How much is the Biltmore House worth? 3.9k Shares Thursday: Snowstorm snarls flights; 3,500 cancellations and growing 93 Shares
WWW CENTER IAM PENSION TCU UNION NFFE INTERNATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF MACHINISTS AND AEROSPACE WORKERS Menu Close SUBSCRIBE TO IMAIL Subscribe to imail Email Submit Quick links+ WWW CENTER IAM PENSION TCU UNION NFFE SUBSCRIBE TO IMAIL Subscribe to imail Email Submit Home Get organized About News Departments Territories Resources MNPL South Carolina Boeing Workers Vote Wednesday iMail February 14, 2017 Follow After weeks of Boeing management scare tactics, intimidation and television and radio propaganda ads, 3,000 workers at the South Carolina 787 assembly plants will have their chance to join the IAM on Wednesday. A “Vote Yes” rally was held yesterday to give supporters a chance to come together and get factual answers to the lies Boeing management has been spreading. A dozen U.S. Senators weighed in today with a joint statement of support IAM representation for the South Carolina workers. READ: Brown Leads Statement in Support of Boeing Workers. Watch yesterday’s Boeing SC Vote Yes Rally Not only are the workers in the plant tired of Boeing’s anti-union television and radio ads, so are North Charleston residents. Read what they’ve had to say on social media. Voice your support on the Boeing Workers at South Carolina – BSC Facebook page. The workers’ effort to join the IAM has garnered national attention. Read what is being said around the country: Post and Courier – Letter: Boeing Needs a Union – The approximately 3,000 production and maintenance workers who are eligible to vote on Feb. 15 are unfortunately not sharing in the success of Boeing’s North Charleston facility like they should. NPR – Years In The Making, Effort To Unionize S.C. Boeing Workers Comes To A Vote – You can’t drive anywhere in Charleston without being reminded of the upcoming vote at Boeing. Reuters – Boeing, machinists face off over union at South Carolina plant – Boeing Co faces its first union vote on Wednesday at its aircraft factory in South Carolina, a high-profile test for organized labor in the nation’s most strongly anti-union state. Nation – How a Union Vote in Charleston Could Change the Labor Movement in the South – Mike Evans has worked as an organizer for the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers (IAM) for more than two decades. He says he’s never had an organizing experience like he’s had in Charleston, South Carolina—home of a 6,000-worker Boeing plant. New York Times – Union Vote at Boeing Plant Tests Labor’s Sway Under Trump – Boeing came to South Carolina more than seven years ago to establish a second assembly line for its 787 Dreamliner aircraft. At least part of the attraction, analysts said, was the area’s lightly unionized labor force — giving the company more leverage over the union at its main operations outside Seattle. ABC News – Boeing workers, Machinists rally ahead of unionization vote – Two days before South Carolina Boeing employees vote on whether to join a union, workers gathered Monday to hear from union leaders why they should vote to organize in a state where union membership is the lowest in the country. Post and Courier – Boeing workers, Machinists union rally ahead of organized labor vote – Promising decent wages, respect and more consistency in the workplace, officials with the International Association of Machinists on Monday rallied supporters ahead of a vote this week at Boeing Co.’s 787 Dreamliner plant and other facilities in North Charleston. Go to the Boeing Workers at South Carolina Facebook page and let them know you support them in their fight for union representation. RELATED ARTICLES Boeing Workers in South Carolina Opt Against Union Representation Read more South Carolina Boeing Workers Vote Wednesday Read more Puzder Hearing Thursday: Tell Your Senator to Say No to the Anti-Labor Secretary Read more MOST POPULAR NEWS / ARTICLES Happy Holidays from IAM Grand Lodge Read more Machinists Show Giving Spirit this Holiday Season Read more Boeing Workers in South Carolina to Vote on Union Representation Read more MOST RECENT NEWS / ARTICLES Boeing Workers in South Carolina Opt Against Union Representation Read more South Carolina Boeing Workers Vote Wednesday Read more Puzder Hearing Thursday: Tell Your Senator to Say No to the Anti-Labor Secretary Read more Get IAM MOBILE 4.0 IAM Mobile 4.0 offers more features and functions to read and share information about our union and the important issues we face as working families. This app combines all of the IAM's popular online functions such as the IAM Journal, the Machinists News Network on demand video service, the IAM webpage GOiam.org, iMail, an IAM Photo Gallery, the IAM Facebook Page, and lots more -- all in one easy-to-access App for tablets and smartphones. Social Wall Join the IAM Contact us History / Timeline iMail Signup Press Releases Events Calendar Resources Member rights IAM Store Trust Fund Pension Fund IAM RSS Feeds WWW Center IAM Journal Union Member Rights and Officer Responsibilities Under the LMRDA The Labor-Management Reporting and Disclosure Act (LMRDA) guarantees certain rights to union members and imposes certain responsibilities on union officers. More Privacy & Policies Sitemap © 2016 IAMAW
Home India news ‘America First’ not a concern for ‘Make in India’, says , Manohar Parrikar ‘America First’ not a concern for ‘Make in India’, says , Manohar Parrikar The government on Tuesday said the ‘America First’ call of US President Donald Trump was not a concern for India or the ‘Make in India’ programme. By: FE Bureau | Bengaluru | Published: February 15, 2017 4:23 AM Manohar parrikar (PTI) The government on Tuesday said the ‘America First’ call of US President Donald Trump was not a concern for India or the ‘Make in India’ programme. Responding to media queries if Trump’s ‘America First’ would come in the way of ‘Make in India’ and stop US firms from participating in the programme, defence minister Manohar Parrikar said: “You should have put this question to Boeing, they are there at the exhibition… Boeing, Lockheed Martin etc. What I will say is what I want… I want you to make in India; if someone wants to shift production to someplace else, it is his choice.” “I am not concerned,” he said, adding that he has so far just heard of it, and there has been no official communication from the US government. Explaining it further, the minister said: “The OEM (original equipment manufacturer) helping a strategic partner will need their government’s approval. If they are proposing something, their government will give them in-principle approval so that they can quote. The company will not be able to quote, maybe their some other branch will quote.” Civil aviation minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju, meanwhile, said Boeing was already manufacturing beams in Nagpur, and HAL is making doors for Airbus. “Aviation manufacturing is crossing a lot of countries, so it is better to ask the companies what their stand is,” Raju said. Parrikar also announced that the decision on many big-ticket projects like procuring the much-awaited fighter jet planes and self-propelled guns is likely to be taken this year. He said work on a second manufacturing line for indigenously developed Light Combat Aircraft Tejas will also commence in the next three months to boost production. “Many of the private-sector projects like SP (self-propelled) gun, C-295 (Airbus transporter aircraft) and even single and twin-engine fighter jets are in an advanced stage of decision making. We expect to get these in line during the current calender year,” he said in response to a question. Parrikar said HAL has been asked to outsource in “large quantity” several production areas in various sectors. “For example, for the LCA model we are putting up a second (production) line for which R359 crore has been approved by the government. It is expected this work will start in three months. “In about one-and-a-half years the actual production will start. A lot of indigenous capability has to be developed through the local industry,” the defence minister said. While inaugurating the 11th edition of Aero India, Parrikar earlier said: “We encourage Indian companies in defence manufacturing, but we would also like to encourage foreign companies. The government is working on ways to increase private player participation in defence manufacturing.” Please Wait while comments are loading... Budget 2017 Union Budget 2017: 4 things that can impact your savings and increase tax liability Union Budget 2017: 5 things that can help you save money Union Budget 2017 provides leeway to increase power demand, wanting in tackling stressed assets: Experts Union Budget 2017 - income tax rates: Here's what the new 10% surcharge will cost the super-rich Rs 2,349.79 crore deficit budget presented in Assam Assembly Trending Now ABB India to deliver digital substation to Technopark Mehbooba Mufti to expand Council of Ministers Insurance terms made easy for first time buyers! Campaign for phase-III of Uttar Pradesh polls ends tomorrow Waterways transportation to begin around Narmada in Madhya Pradesh O Panneerselvam vs Edappadi K Palanisamy: Plea filed in Madras HC against Sasikala loyalist's swearing in Uttar Pradesh Elections 2017: Modi, Akhilesh two sides of same coin, says Owaisi Tamil Nadu crisis: After Governor invites E Palanisamy to form government, O Panneerselvam vows fightback A leopard breaks into the residential area in Haryana's Palwal, forest officials arrive at spot Yes, it is victory for Team Sasikala! Taamil Nadu Governor invites Eddapadi Palanisamy to form government ISRO's world record makes Indians proud: Chinese daily  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Budget 2017 News जयति घोष का आकलन: नरेंद्र मोदी सरकार ने अपने ही फैसलों से इस बजट को बना ल‍िया है सबसे मुश्‍क‍िल आर्थिक समीक्षा में भूमि, रीयल एस्टेट को जीएसटी के दायरे में लाने पर जोर बजट 2017: जानिए क्या होता है आर्थिक सर्वेक्षण और क्यों इसे पेश करना है जरूरी... बजट 2017: इन बातों का ध्‍यान रख कम टैक्‍स से पब्लिक को खुश कर अरुण जेटली जुटा सकते हैं पैसा Assembly Elections 2017 News यूपी चुनाव ग्राउंड रिपोर्ट: बाराबंकी में चमक रही अखिलेश की छवि, बीजेपी धुल गई नोटबंदी के बदलाव में! यूपी चुनाव ग्राउंड रिपोर्ट: उन्‍नाव में सपा, भाजपा के बागी बिगाड़ सकते हैं खेल UP चुनाव ग्राउंड रिपोर्ट: नई विधानसभा बनने से क्षेत्र में पहुंची है विकास की साइकिल लेकिन दलितों-किसानों की स्थिति में बदलाव नहीं Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Union Budget 2017 Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
RedEye Your weekend plans. Delivered. Business In S.C., Boeing goes all out to defeat Wednesday's vote on union Boeing union vote Travis Dove / Bloomberg Dreamliner 787s sit on the production line at Boeing's final assembly facility in North Charleston, South Carolina, on Dec. 6, 2016. Dreamliner 787s sit on the production line at Boeing's final assembly facility in North Charleston, South Carolina, on Dec. 6, 2016. (Travis Dove / Bloomberg) Josh EidelsonBloomberg At a Monday rally in a North Charleston hotel conference room, South Carolina state Rep. David Mack, D, looked out on about a hundred supporters of the long-shot campaign to unionize the city's Boeing plant. Noting the aggressive opposition from management and the state business lobby, including a battery of anti-union commercials on local TV, Mack quipped, "After seeing some of those commercials, I was almost afraid to come in here." Boeing has ample cause for confidence about staying union-free in South Carolina, the nation's least unionized state where a previous attempt to organize the aircraft factory fizzled before a vote. But the company isn't leaving anything to chance Wednesday, when about 3,000 employees are eligible to vote on whether to join the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. The election is the latest round in a long-running, frequently ugly, unusually politicized struggle between the company and the union, which represents about 30,000 Boeing workers in the Seattle area. Boeing union vote Travis Dove / Bloomberg An employee works on the surface of an overhead compartment at Boeing's building in North Charleston, South Carolina, on Dec. 6, 2016. An employee works on the surface of an overhead compartment at Boeing's building in North Charleston, South Carolina, on Dec. 6, 2016. (Travis Dove / Bloomberg) It was freedom from strikes and escalating wages, a Boeing executive said in 2010, that was the overriding motivation for the company to place its new production line for 787 Dreamliners in South Carolina rather than Washington. The union brought a charge to the National Labor Relations Board alleging retaliation. The NLRB's general counsel issued a complaint, sparking a firestorm of criticism from Republicans including then-Gov. Nikki Haley and several presidential candidates. The IAM agreed to drop the case upon reaching a new contract for its Washington members. Boeing's southward shift was oft-touted by business and political leaders such as Haley, who saw union-avoidance as such a selling point in luring investment that she said she'd discourage unionized companies from coming to her state, so they didn't "taint the water" there. President Donald Trump is scheduled to visit the plant Friday. "If the machinists won at Boeing, it would be an earthquake in the south," said University of California, Santa Barbara labor historian Nelson Lichtenstein. So Boeing and its allies are pulling out all the stops to make sure that doesn't happen. The airplane giant ran 485 local TV spots between Jan. 31 and Feb. 6 urging workers to vote against the IAM, according to data from advertising tracker Kantar Media/CMAG. Additional anti-union ads from the South Carolina Manufacturers Institute had aired 350 times by February 6, including one that ran locally during the Super Bowl. Boeing has also deployed radio, billboards, YouTube videos, social media, e-mails and mailings to reach its employees, according to the union. If the machinists won at Boeing, it would be an earthquake in the south. — Nelson Lichtenstein, University of California, Santa Barbara labor historian The IAM says Boeing has been pressing its case aggressively in the workplace as well, including through mandatory meetings, casual conversations on the shop floor, TV screens placed in break rooms, free anti-union T-shirts, and a giant stack of food, diapers, and clothing labeled as all the things employees could buy for the same cost as annual union dues. A postcard titled "The Truth About IAM Wage Claims," one of several the IAM says have been distributed by management at morning meetings, urges employees to "Just say NO to the IAM" and features an image of Pinocchio. On Monday, Boeing Commercial Airplanes CEO and president Kevin McAllister joined Boeing South Carolina general manager Joan Robinson-Berry for group meetings with employees, at which a Boeing spokesperson said they discussed "the importance of their decision" about unionization. Workers say the executives suggested unionization would mean giving away all of their rights to the union and could ruin the plant's competitiveness. "They were threatening us basically" through "innuendo," said employee Don Winckles. "They take the worst possible scenario and throw it out there, and a lot of people buy it, even though those people don't like the way things are now." The machinists union says Boeing has taken classic labor-busting tactics to unusual extremes. "It's on steroids right now," said Mike Evans, the lead organizer on the campaign. Along with stoking fears about dues and strikes, Evans said, managers have suggested to employees that if they unionized they could stop getting bonuses and their jobs could be moved to China. Boeing spokeswoman Elizabeth Merida said in an email that "we are not making threats or asking teammates how they will vote or what they think of the union." Under federal law, employers aren't allowed to threaten to punish employees if they unionize, but have leeway to make negative predictions about what could happen afterward. Merida said Boeing is "making every effort" to inform employees that the union's "motivation for their interest is financial and could be strongly influenced by their commitment to protect jobs in Washington State." Boeing union vote Travis Dove / Bloomberg Employees work on computers at Boeing's final assembly facility in North Charleston, South Carolina, on Dec. 6, 2016. Employees work on computers at Boeing's final assembly facility in North Charleston, South Carolina, on Dec. 6, 2016. (Travis Dove / Bloomberg) In 2014, Washington State employees narrowly approved a contract freezing their pensions in order to get Boeing to build its 777X jet there. The IAM, whose demonstrated ability to disrupt Puget Sound production once brought great clout at the bargaining table, has been struggling to regain leverage. In 2015, when the IAM petitioned the NLRB for an election to unionize the South Carolina plant, Haley used Facebook and Twitter, a radio ad for Boeing, and her State of the State address to urge employees to reject the union. Citing "misinformation" from Boeing and "unprecedented political interference," the IAM withdrew its petition for an election five days before it had been scheduled to take place. While Haley has departed to serve as United Nations ambassador, Boeing still has friends ready to lend a hand. "Organized labor has no place in our state," said Lewis Gossett, a former head of the state's labor department. "A lot of like-minded companies don't want to see them in South Carolina." Gossett is president of the South Carolina Manufacturers Alliance and of its education arm, which is running ads comparing joining the IAM to gambling in a casino and suggesting the union president needs dues to fund his family members' salaries. Gossett said the ads were launched without any input from Boeing officials, including the one who sits on SCMA's board. The "VOTE NO" TV ads Boeing is running itself take a more positive tack, featuring employees talking about their child or their guitar, and saying "if you dream big with Boeing, you can go anywhere." Boeing union vote Travis Dove / Bloomberg A Boeing Dreamliner 787 with AirEuropa livery moves past Boeing's final assembly facility in North Charleston, South Carolina, on Dec. 6, 2016. A Boeing Dreamliner 787 with AirEuropa livery moves past Boeing's final assembly facility in North Charleston, South Carolina, on Dec. 6, 2016. (Travis Dove / Bloomberg) On Monday, the state's senior U.S. senator, Lindsey Graham, D, told reporters that he'd urge employees to remember that "if we destroy the business model that led Boeing to South Carolina, this plant will not be able to grow," according to the Charleston City Paper. The IAM has responded with ads of its own, featuring Boeing union members in Puget Sound sharing messages like "You deserve the same benefits that we have." But it says the company's campaign has taken a toll, leaving some of its strong supporters too intimidated to talk to the media. "There's a heavy fear factor here," said Evans, who until last month was one of only two full-time organizers working on the campaign. He declined to share what percentage of the South Carolina facility's eligible workforce signed the IAM's petition for an NLRB election; only 30 percent was legally required. "A lot of people are afraid that if Boeing finds out they're voting yes, that it will be against them," said eight-year employee Kitt Johnson, who was disappointed more of his co-workers didn't show up to Monday's rally. "I'm hoping that that fear doesn't blow into the election." Given how aggressive companies' anti-union campaigns can be, no union should count on employees who won't show their support in public to vote for the union in private, said Kate Bronfenbrenner, a senior lecturer at Cornell's labor relations school. "If a worker does not come out and publicly say they'll vote for the union, that means they also are not going to vote for the union." With assistance from Julie Johnsson Greg Giroux and John McCormick Copyright © 2017, Chicago Tribune Elections Nikki Haley Lindsey O. Graham Boeing Dreamliner turns into rainmaker, sending shares soaring Falsified papers, sloppy work led FAA to fine Boeing Boeing workers, Machinists rally ahead of unionization vote Sports Breaking Trending RedEye Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Advertising 30°
News Sports Entertainment Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Digital Edition News News Local Crime Databases Education Election Politics Nation/World Special Reports Carolina College Bound Columnists Campaign Tracker Retro Charlotte Your Schools Mark Washburn All Blogs & Columns Sports Sports Carolina Panthers Charlotte Hornets That's Racin' High Schools College Sports Charlotte Knights/MLB Other Sports Blogs & Columnists Inside the Panthers Inside the NBA Prep Insiders Scott Says All Blogs & Columns Politics Politics Elections Business Business Banking ShopTalk Top Workplaces National Business Bank Watch What's in Store Development Earth and Energy All Blogs & Columns Living Living Religion Food & Drink Health & Family Home & Garden CLT Style Travel Living Here Guide Deal Diva Everyday Angels Blogs & Columnists I'll Bite Karen Garloch Kathleen Purvis All Blogs & Columns Entertainment Entertainment Events Movie News & Reviews Restaurants Music/Nightlife Television Books Comics Puzzles & Games Contests Media Scene Blogs & Columnists Helen Schwab Sound Bites Lawrence Toppman All Blogs & Columns Opinion Opinion Editorials Kevin Siers Letters Submit a Letter Viewpoint All Blogs & Columns Blogs & Columnists O-Pinion You Write The Caption Taylor Batten Eric Frazier Peter St. Onge Celebrations Obituaries Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Virtual Career Fair Homes Classifieds Shopping Place an ad MomsCharlotte Carolina Bride Magazine Lake Norman Magazine South Park Magazine Business February 14, 2017 2:52 PM How Boeing vote in South Carolina serves as early test for unions under Donald Trump By NOAM SCHEIBER and CHRISTOPHER DREW New York Times LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story NORTH CHARLESTON, S.C. Boeing came to South Carolina more than seven years ago to establish a second assembly line for its 787 Dreamliner aircraft. At least part of the attraction, analysts said, was the area’s lightly unionized labor force – giving the company more leverage over the union at its main operations outside Seattle. Now that equation is being put to the test. Workers will vote Wednesday on whether to unionize, an early test of organized labor’s strength in the Trump era. A vote to form the union would be a major victory for the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers, which the workers would join. “If Boeing loses, it removes the ability to hold nonunion Charleston over the heads of the union in Seattle, to beat up that union for more concessions in the future,” said Scott Hamilton, managing director of Leeham Co., an aviation analysis firm in Bainbridge Island, Washington. The stakes appear even higher amid reports that President Donald Trump will visit the South Carolina plant Friday. Trump has criticized Boeing over the cost of a new Air Force One project, but it is also a major employer and exporter, as well as a military contractor – one that Trump has pitted against Lockheed Martin in seeking price savings on fighter jets. Boeing has roughly 7,500 workers in South Carolina, primarily in North Charleston and Ladson, of whom a little over 3,000 are eligible for the union. There are about 30,000 unionized workers at its facilities in the Puget Sound area, where it turns out other aircraft models as well. The machinists made a similar union push in North Charleston nearly two years ago, but called off a vote a several days before the scheduled election, complaining of a deluge of misinformation from management and pressure from local politicians. Two Boeing officials, who would not speak for attribution, expressed confidence that the company would turn back the unionization effort and suggested that the union was racing to act before Trump appoints two members to vacant seats on the National Labor Relations Board, which oversees union elections, and overturns its Democratic majority. If the union were to win, Boeing would have to file any objections to a regional official of the agency within days, with any subsequent appeal going to the board in Washington. Mike Evans, the machinists’ lead organizer in South Carolina, rejected that suggestion, saying the union believes it has the votes to prevail. “If we weren’t ready, we’d still be down here sharing information, getting up the facts of the benefits of collective bargaining,” he said. “We feel we’ve reached that and have a significant amount of support. That’s what dictates, ‘Why now?’” Under rules overseen by the labor board, unions can call an election once at least 30 percent of eligible workers have signed up to authorize one, but the unions typically wait until they have a substantially higher level of support to improve their odds of success. The machinists may also benefit from two years’ worth of accumulated frustrations among workers. Evans said workers felt their evaluations were frequently arbitrary, an issue that the company promised to address before the first scheduled vote. “Whatever changes were promised it’s been more of the same,” AJ Russo, a production coordinator at the Boeing plant in North Charleston, said in an interview after a pro-union rally Monday, at which he spoke. How workers are treated “depends on where you’re standing, what day it is.” The issue is all the more salient because the company recently announced it would undergo a round of job reductions that will affect its South Carolina operations amid intense competition from its chief rival, Airbus. Management has not ruled out involuntary layoffs if the company is unable to hit its goal for cost savings. While the cuts discussed so far would not affect union-eligible workers, they are a source of anxiety, Evans said. In addition to making the evaluation and layoff process fairer in the eyes of workers, a union could bargain for higher wages. The average wage for unionized Boeing workers in Washington state is about $31 per hour, versus about $23 per hour for union-eligible workers in South Carolina, according to data from the company and the union. Boeing has said the difference is driven partly by the local cost of living and labor market conditions, and partly by the longer average tenure of workers in Washington. The union says pay tops out at a certain point, making additional tenure relevant only to issues like benefits and job security, not wages. Even if the union prevailed, it would not necessarily restore the leverage it enjoyed before the Dreamliner plant opened in North Charleston. South Carolina is a “right to work” state, meaning workers do not have to join the union or pay union fees as a condition of employment. According to Richard L. Aboulafia, an aviation analyst at the Teal Group in Fairfax, Virginia, this was an important consideration in Boeing’s decision to locate in North Charleston. “If you have just enough folks who will cross the picket lines, you can still get certification and testing work done,” Aboulafia said, alluding to the possibility of a strike. “That can make a difference in keeping some revenue coming in.” Evans and his fellow organizers appear to have some other advantages over the 2015 effort, when local political leaders campaigned aggressively against the union. Nikki Haley, then South Carolina’s governor and now the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, portrayed the machinists’ union as a group of meddling outsiders who had resisted Boeing’s move to South Carolina. “I want our workforce to remember that if it were up to the IAM, there would be noBoeing in Charleston,” Haley said at a campaign stop a few weeks before the scheduled 2015 unionization vote, according to the local Post and Courier. She was alluding to the union’s charge that Boeing was setting up the plant to undermine the right of workers in Washington to strike. This time, the political powers that be appear to have been largely silent. In addition, Evans said the company had been more forthcoming with information about eligible workers than it was in 2015, making outreach easier. Under NLRB rules enacted later that year, companies are required to hand over the names of union-eligible workers earlier in the election process. Still, the campaign faces considerable obstacles. A local business group tied to the South Carolina Manufacturers Alliance, of which Boeing is a member, has been running advertisements on local television, including one depicting a thuggish casino boss urging people to roll dice at a craps table. The message is that the union wants workers to gamble away what they have. Boeing implies that a vote to unionize would mean inserting the union into the relationship between workers and managers, something the union says is false. Organizers say that union stewards would be available when workers felt they had been mistreated, but that otherwise workers would be left to interact with managers as they saw fit. The company has also sought to play up a split between the union and the South Carolina workers by invoking the union’s efforts to preserve production in Washington. “We have not forgotten the IAM’s history in South Carolina, including their repeated insults regarding our teammates’ abilities,” said Joan Robinson-Berry, general manager of Boeing South Carolina, in a statement after the union vote was announced in January. And then there is the general challenge of South Carolina’s political culture, famously hostile to unions. “I taught undergrads here at the university for many years,” said Hoyt N. Wheeler, an emeritus business professor at the University of South Carolina who taught labor relations and employment law. “The local students are violently opposed to unions. They knew absolutely nothing about them, but they had strong opinions.” If the vote succeeds, Wheeler said, it could go a long way toward demystifying unions in the state. “One of the things that happens in a state like South Carolina where you don’t have organized workers is it’s hard for people to learn anything about a union, what it is,” he said. “You don’t have neighbors, friends, relatives in a union,” he added. “It would be good to have an example like that in South Carolina.” Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Business Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:10 How is a blade born in N.C.? Find out, with A. Sharpe knife Pause 1:40 Harry Jones discusses the power of prayer in his battle with cancer 0:55 Immigrants protest ICE arrests 1:25 Latino barber tries to reconcile Trump presidency and immigrant roots 2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do? 16:40 An evening with Donovan Livingston 14:57 Poetry, racism and hope with Donovan Livingston 1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants 2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county 0:57 CMPD video: Police chief responds to immigration enforcement concerns Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 2 days ago Nice day to get a Valentine 0:34 2 days ago Nice day to get a Valentine 2:27 4 days ago Jenna Greenwood shows how she shops for Shipt 1:04 7 days ago Statesville Avenue developments View more video Business After Steph Curry criticism, Under Armour CEO speaks out in full-page ad Andrew Puzder, bruised by GOP doubts, is out as Trump’s labor secretary nominee Boeing workers hold union vote ahead of Trump visit to South Carolina Meet the people making money on Charlotte’s grocery delivery services After a neighborhood pushes back, developer scales down controversial plan for townhouses Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store News in Education Published Corrections Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Get News Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping CLT Digital Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store News in Education Published Corrections Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Get News Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping CLT Digital More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Skip to content Menu Local News Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Business Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Login Subscribe Boeing & Aerospace Business Boeing floods airwaves in aggressive South Carolina anti-union campaign Originally published February 14, 2017 at 11:47 am Updated February 14, 2017 at 4:43 pm Flags fly outside Boeing’s factory in North Charleston, S.C., where workers will vote Wednesday on whether to join the Machinists union. The state’s business lobby and political leaders have lent Boeing a hand in its anti-union campaign. (Mike Siegel/The Seattle Times) Boeing has cause for confidence about staying union-free in South Carolina, where a previous attempt to organize its aircraft factory fizzled. But when 3,000 employees vote Wednesday on joining the Machinists, it could be close and the company isn’t leaving anything to chance. Share story By Josh Eidelson Bloomberg News At a Monday rally in a North Charleston hotel conference room, South Carolina State Rep. David Mack looked out on about 100 supporters of the longshot campaign to unionize the city’s Boeing plant. Noting the aggressive opposition from management and the state business lobby, including a battery of anti-union commercials on local TV, the Charleston Democrat quipped: “After seeing some of those commercials, I was almost afraid to come in here.” Boeing has ample cause for confidence about staying union-free in South Carolina, the least unionized state in the U.S., where a previous attempt to organize the aircraft factory fizzled before a vote. But the company isn’t leaving anything to chance Wednesday, when about 3,000 employees are eligible to vote on whether to join the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers (IAM). Previous stories Jan. 20: War of words starts as Machinists union files for organizing vote at Boeing South Carolina The election is the latest round in a long-running, frequently ugly, unusually politicized struggle between the company and the union, which represents about 30,000 Boeing workers in the Seattle area. Most Read Stories Disappearance of Seattle-based crab boat, crew a ‘mystery’ ‘These boys loved what they did’: Former crabber on missing Destination talks about lost boat, lost brother T-Mobile one-ups Verizon’s new unlimited data plan; 4Q results top forecasts Seattle ‘Dreamer’ sues over his detention under Trump’s immigration actions Cellphone of admitted UW shooter outside Milo Yiannopoulos event was wiped clean, records showUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. It was freedom from strikes and escalating wages, a Boeing executive said in 2010, that was the overriding motivation for the company to place its new production line for 787 Dreamliners in South Carolina. The union brought a charge to the National Labor Relations Board alleging retaliation. The NLRB’s general counsel issued a complaint, sparking a firestorm of criticism from Republicans, including then-Governor Nikki Haley and several presidential candidates. The IAM agreed to drop the case upon reaching a new contract for its Washington members. Boeing’s southward shift was oft-touted by business and political leaders such as Haley, who saw union-avoidance as such a selling point in luring investment that she said she’d discourage unionized companies from coming to her state, so they didn’t “taint the water” there. President Donald Trump is scheduled to visit the plant Friday. “If the Machinists won at Boeing, it would be an earthquake in the South,” said University of California, Santa Barbara, labor historian Nelson Lichtenstein. So Boeing and its allies are pulling out all the stops to make sure that doesn’t happen. The jet maker ran 485 local TV spots between Jan. 31 and Feb. 6 urging workers to vote against the IAM, according to data from advertising tracker Kantar Media/CMAG. Additional anti-union ads from the South Carolina Manufacturers Institute had aired 350 times by Feb. 6, including one that ran locally during the Super Bowl. Boeing has also deployed radio, billboards, YouTube videos, social media, emails and mailings to reach its employees, according to the union. The IAM says Boeing has been pressing its case aggressively in the workplace as well, including through mandatory meetings, casual conversations on the shop floor, TV screens placed in break rooms, free anti-union T-shirts, and a giant stack of food, diapers and clothing labeled as all the things employees could buy for the same cost as annual union dues. A postcard titled “The Truth About IAM Wage Claims,” one of several the IAM says have been distributed by management at morning meetings, urges employees to “Just say NO to the IAM” and features an image of Pinocchio. On Monday, Boeing Commercial Airplanes CEO and President Kevin McAllister joined Boeing South Carolina general manager Joan Robinson-Berry for group meetings with employees, at which a Boeing spokesperson said they discussed “the importance of their decision” about unionization. Workers say the executives suggested unionization would mean giving away all of their rights to the union and could ruin the plant’s competitiveness. “They were threatening us basically” through “innuendo,” said employee Don Winckles. “They take the worst possible scenario and throw it out there, and a lot of people buy it, even though those people don’t like the way things are now.” The Machinists union says Boeing has taken classic labor-busting tactics to unusual extremes. “It’s on steroids right now,” said Mike Evans, the lead organizer on the campaign. Along with stoking fears about dues and strikes, Evans said, managers have suggested to employees that if they unionized they could stop getting bonuses and their jobs could be moved to China. Boeing spokeswoman Elizabeth Merida said in an email that “we are not making threats or asking teammates how they will vote or what they think of the union.” Under federal law, employers aren’t allowed to threaten to punish employees if they unionize, but have leeway to make negative predictions about what could happen afterward. Merida said Boeing is “making every effort” to inform employees that the union’s “motivation for their interest is financial and could be strongly influenced by their commitment to protect jobs in Washington state.” In 2014, Washington state employees narrowly approved a contract freezing their pensions to get Boeing to build its 777X jet there. The IAM, whose demonstrated ability to disrupt Puget Sound production once brought great clout at the bargaining table, has been struggling to regain leverage. In 2015, when the IAM petitioned the NLRB for an election to unionize the South Carolina plant, Haley used Facebook and Twitter, a radio ad for Boeing, and her State of the State address to urge employees to reject the union. Citing “misinformation” from Boeing and “unprecedented political interference,” the IAM withdrew its petition for an election five days before it had been scheduled to take place. While Haley has departed to serve as United Nations ambassador, Boeing still has friends ready to lend a hand. “Organized labor has no place in our state,” said Lewis Gossett, a former head of the state’s labor department. “A lot of like-minded companies don’t want to see them in South Carolina.” Gossett is president of the South Carolina Manufacturers Alliance and of its education arm, which is running ads comparing joining the IAM to gambling in a casino and suggesting the union president needs dues to fund his family members’ salaries. Gossett said the ads were launched without any input from Boeing officials, including the one who sits on the alliance’s board. The “VOTE NO” TV ads Boeing is running itself take a more positive tack, featuring employees talking about their child or their guitar, and saying “if you dream big with Boeing, you can go anywhere.” On Monday, the state’s senior U.S. senator, Lindsey Graham, told reporters that he’d urge employees to remember that “if we destroy the business model that led Boeing to South Carolina, this plant will not be able to grow,” according to the Charleston City Paper. The IAM has responded with ads of its own, featuring Boeing union members in Puget Sound sharing messages like, “You deserve the same benefits that we have.” But it says the company’s campaign has taken a toll, leaving some of its strong supporters too intimidated to talk to the media. “There’s a heavy fear factor here,” said Evans, who until last month was one of only two full-time organizers working on the campaign. He declined to share what percentage of the South Carolina facility’s eligible workforce signed the IAM’s petition for an NLRB election; only 30 percent was legally required. “A lot of people are afraid that if Boeing finds out they’re voting yes, that it will be against them,” said eight-year employee Kitt Johnson, who was disappointed more of his co-workers didn’t show up to Monday’s rally. “I’m hoping that that fear doesn’t blow into the election.” Given how aggressive companies’ anti-union campaigns can be, no union should count on employees who won’t show their support in public to vote for the union in private, said Kate Bronfenbrenner, a senior lecturer at Cornell’s labor relations school. “If a worker does not come out and publicly say they’ll vote for the union, that means they also are not going to vote for the union.”   Bloomberg reporters Julie Johnsson ,Greg Giroux and John McCormick contributed to this report. Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story Cigna rejects $48 billion Anthem takeover, sues for damages Previous Story Hemp for cows? Colorado approves hemp-animal feed study Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Your Morning Brief will arrive every weekday morning. Back to the story
Menu Search Home Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Subscribe Sign In Search Home Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate A Boeing Dreamliner 787 for AirEuropa moves past Boeing’s final assembly facility in North Charleston, South Carolina. (Travis Dove / Bloomberg) In SC, Boeing goes all out to defeat vote on unionization Wed Feb 15th, 2017 2:02pm Business You must sign in or register to continue reading content. By Josh Eidelson / Bloomberg News At a Monday rally in a North Charleston hotel conference room, Democratic South Carolina state Rep. David Mack looked out on about a hundred supporters of the long-shot campaign to unionize the city’s Boeing plant. Noting the aggressive opposition from management and the state business lobby, including a battery of anti-union commercials on local TV, Mack quipped, “After seeing some of those commercials, I was almost afraid to come in here.” Boeing has ample cause for confidence about staying union-free in South Carolina, the nation’s least unionized state where a previous attempt to organize the aircraft factory fizzled before a vote. But the company isn’t leaving anything to chance Wednesday, when about 3,000 employees are eligible to vote on whether to join the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. The election is the latest round in a long-running, frequently ugly, unusually politicized struggle between the company and the union, which represents about 30,000 Boeing workers in the Seattle area. It was freedom from strikes and escalating wages, a Boeing executive said in 2010, that was the overriding motivation for the company to place its new production line for 787 Dreamliners in South Carolina rather than Washington. The union brought a charge to the National Labor Relations Board alleging retaliation. The NLRB’s general counsel issued a complaint, sparking a firestorm of criticism from Republicans including then-Gov. Nikki Haley and several presidential candidates. The IAM agreed to drop the case upon reaching a new contract for its Washington members. Boeing’s southward shift was oft-touted by business and political leaders such as Haley, who saw union-avoidance as such a selling point in luring investment that she said she’d discourage unionized companies from coming to her state, so they didn’t “taint the water” there. President Donald Trump is scheduled to visit the plant Friday. “If the Machinists won at Boeing, it would be an earthquake in the south,” said University of California, Santa Barbara labor historian Nelson Lichtenstein. So Boeing and its allies are pulling out all the stops to make sure that doesn’t happen. The airplane giant ran 485 local TV spots between Jan. 31 and Feb. 6 urging workers to vote against the IAM, according to data from advertising tracker Kantar Media/CMAG. Additional anti-union ads from the South Carolina Manufacturers Institute had aired 350 times by Feb. 6, including one that ran locally during the Super Bowl. Boeing also has deployed radio, billboards, YouTube videos, social media, e-mails and mailings to reach its employees, according to the union. The IAM says Boeing has been pressing its case aggressively in the workplace as well, including through mandatory meetings, casual conversations on the shop floor, TV screens placed in break rooms, free anti-union T-shirts, and a giant stack of food, diapers, and clothing labeled as all the things employees could buy for the same cost as annual union dues. A postcard titled “The Truth About IAM Wage Claims,” one of several the IAM says have been distributed by management at morning meetings, urges employees to “Just say NO to the IAM” and features an image of Pinocchio. On Monday, Boeing Commercial Airplanes CEO and President Kevin McAllister joined Boeing South Carolina General Manager Joan Robinson-Berry for group meetings with employees, at which a Boeing spokesperson said they discussed “the importance of their decision” about unionization. Workers say the executives suggested unionization would mean giving away all of their rights to the union and could ruin the plant’s competitiveness. “They were threatening us basically” through “innuendo,” said employee Don Winckles. “They take the worst possible scenario and throw it out there, and a lot of people buy it, even though those people don’t like the way things are now.” The Machinists union says Boeing has taken classic labor-busting tactics to unusual extremes. “It’s on steroids right now,” said Mike Evans, the lead organizer on the campaign. Along with stoking fears about dues and strikes, Evans said, managers have suggested to employees that if they unionized they could stop getting bonuses and their jobs could be moved to China. Boeing spokeswoman Elizabeth Merida said in an email that “we are not making threats or asking teammates how they will vote or what they think of the union.” Under federal law, employers aren’t allowed to threaten to punish employees if they unionize, but have leeway to make negative predictions about what could happen afterward. Merida said Boeing is “making every effort” to inform employees that the union’s “motivation for their interest is financial and could be strongly influenced by their commitment to protect jobs in Washington state.” In 2014, Washington Boeing employees narrowly approved a contract freezing their pensions in order to get Boeing to build its 777X jet in Everett. The IAM, whose demonstrated ability to disrupt Puget Sound production once brought great clout at the bargaining table, has been struggling to regain leverage. In 2015, when the IAM petitioned the NLRB for an election to unionize the South Carolina plant, Haley used Facebook and Twitter, a radio ad for Boeing, and her State of the State address to urge employees to reject the union. Citing “misinformation” from Boeing and “unprecedented political interference,” the IAM withdrew its petition for an election five days before it had been scheduled to take place. The IAM has run ads of its own, featuring Boeing union members in Puget Sound sharing messages like “You deserve the same benefits that we have.” With assistance from Julie Johnsson Greg Giroux and John McCormick.   Employees work on computers at Boeing’s final assembly facility in North Charleston, South Carolina. (Travis Dove / Bloomberg) Most Read Arlington officer shoots girl, 17, who reportedly had knife ARLINGTON — Police shot a 17-year-old girl who reportedly was armed with… Feb 15th, 2017 by Caitlin Tompkins City Councilwoman Cassie Franklin to run for Everett mayor EVERETT — City Councilwoman Cassie Franklin has joined the race for mayor.… Feb 14th, 2017 by Chris Winters In SC, Boeing goes all out to defeat vote on unionization By Josh Eidelson / Bloomberg News At a Monday rally in a… Feb 15th, 2017 County declares an emergency to stop rising Lake Serene LYNNWOOD — Relief could be on the way soon for homeowners around… Feb 14th, 2017 by Noah Haglund Why an Everett woman gave her business away — to an employee It was the sudden death of Cyndi Mitchell’s only child in 2006… Feb 15th, 2017 by Jennifer Sasseen © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Contact Social media
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou Slu NFL Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 26° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Sunny skies. High 66F. Winds SSW at 10 to 15 mph.. Tonight Mostly clear skies. Low 44F. Winds SW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: February 16, 2017 @ 1:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close 1 of 4 Travis Dove An employee works on the surface of an overhead compartment at Boeing's building in North Charleston, South Carolina, on Dec. 6, 2016. (Travis Dove/Bloomberg) Travis Dove Dreamliner 787s sit on the production line at Boeing's final assembly facility in North Charleston, South Carolina, on Dec. 6, 2016. (Travis Dove/Bloomberg) Travis Dove Employees work on computers at Boeing's final assembly facility in North Charleston, South Carolina, on Dec. 6, 2016. ( Travis Dove/Bloomberg) Travis Dove A Boeing Dreamliner 787 with AirEuropa livery moves past Boeing's final assembly facility in North Charleston, South Carolina, on Dec. 6, 2016. ( Travis Dove/Bloomberg) Boeing goes all out to defeat Wednesday's vote on union By Josh Eidelson Bloomberg Feb 14, 2017 (…) Travis Dove An employee works on the surface of an overhead compartment at Boeing's building in North Charleston, South Carolina, on Dec. 6, 2016. (Travis Dove/Bloomberg) Travis Dove Dreamliner 787s sit on the production line at Boeing's final assembly facility in North Charleston, South Carolina, on Dec. 6, 2016. (Travis Dove/Bloomberg) Travis Dove Employees work on computers at Boeing's final assembly facility in North Charleston, South Carolina, on Dec. 6, 2016. ( Travis Dove/Bloomberg) Travis Dove A Boeing Dreamliner 787 with AirEuropa livery moves past Boeing's final assembly facility in North Charleston, South Carolina, on Dec. 6, 2016. ( Travis Dove/Bloomberg) At a Monday rally in a North Charleston hotel conference room, South Carolina state Rep. David Mack, D, looked out on about a hundred supporters of the long-shot campaign to unionize the city's Boeing plant. Noting the aggressive opposition from management and the state business lobby, including a battery of anti-union commercials on local TV, Mack quipped, "After seeing some of those commercials, I was almost afraid to come in here." Boeing has ample cause for confidence about staying union-free in South Carolina, the nation's least unionized state where a previous attempt to organize the aircraft factory fizzled before a vote. But the company isn't leaving anything to chance Wednesday, when about 3,000 employees are eligible to vote on whether to join the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. The election is the latest round in a long-running, frequently ugly, unusually politicized struggle between the company and the union, which represents about 30,000 Boeing workers in the Seattle area. It was freedom from strikes and escalating wages, a Boeing executive said in 2010, that was the overriding motivation for the company to place its new production line for 787 Dreamliners in South Carolina rather than Washington. The union brought a charge to the National Labor Relations Board alleging retaliation. The NLRB's general counsel issued a complaint, sparking a firestorm of criticism from Republicans including then-Gov. Nikki Haley and several presidential candidates. The IAM agreed to drop the case upon reaching a new contract for its Washington members. Boeing's southward shift was oft-touted by business and political leaders such as Haley, who saw union-avoidance as such a selling point in luring investment that she said she'd discourage unionized companies from coming to her state, so they didn't "taint the water" there. President Donald Trump is scheduled to visit the plant Friday. "If the Machinists won at Boeing, it would be an earthquake in the South," said University of California, Santa Barbara labor historian Nelson Lichtenstein. So Boeing and its allies are pulling out all the stops to make sure that doesn't happen. The airplane giant ran 485 local TV spots between Jan. 31 and Feb. 6 urging workers to vote against the IAM, according to data from advertising tracker Kantar Media/CMAG. Additional anti-union ads from the South Carolina Manufacturers Institute had aired 350 times by February 6, including one that ran locally during the Super Bowl. Boeing has also deployed radio, billboards, YouTube videos, social media, emails and mailings to reach its employees, according to the union. The IAM says Boeing has been pressing its case aggressively in the workplace as well, including through mandatory meetings, casual conversations on the shop floor, TV screens placed in break rooms, free anti-union T-shirts, and a giant stack of food, diapers, and clothing labeled as all the things employees could buy for the same cost as annual union dues. A postcard titled "The Truth About IAM Wage Claims," one of several the IAM says have been distributed by management at morning meetings, urges employees to "Just say NO to the IAM" and features an image of Pinocchio. On Monday, Boeing Commercial Airplanes CEO and president Kevin McAllister joined Boeing South Carolina general manager Joan Robinson-Berry for group meetings with employees, at which a Boeing spokesperson said they discussed "the importance of their decision" about unionization. Workers say the executives suggested unionization would mean giving away all of their rights to the union and could ruin the plant's competitiveness. "They were threatening us basically" through "innuendo," said employee Don Winckles. "They take the worst possible scenario and throw it out there, and a lot of people buy it, even though those people don't like the way things are now." The machinists union says Boeing has taken classic labor-busting tactics to unusual extremes. "It's on steroids right now," said Mike Evans, the lead organizer on the campaign. Along with stoking fears about dues and strikes, Evans said, managers have suggested to employees that if they unionized they could stop getting bonuses and their jobs could be moved to China. Boeing spokeswoman Elizabeth Merida said in an email that "we are not making threats or asking teammates how they will vote or what they think of the union." Under federal law, employers aren't allowed to threaten to punish employees if they unionize, but have leeway to make negative predictions about what could happen afterward. Merida said Boeing is "making every effort" to inform employees that the union's "motivation for their interest is financial and could be strongly influenced by their commitment to protect jobs in Washington State." In 2014, Washington State employees narrowly approved a contract freezing their pensions in order to get Boeing to build its 777X jet there. The IAM, whose demonstrated ability to disrupt Puget Sound production once brought great clout at the bargaining table, has been struggling to regain leverage. In 2015, when the IAM petitioned the NLRB for an election to unionize the South Carolina plant, Haley used Facebook and Twitter, a radio ad for Boeing, and her State of the State address to urge employees to reject the union. Citing "misinformation" from Boeing and "unprecedented political interference," the IAM withdrew its petition for an election five days before it had been scheduled to take place. While Haley has departed to serve as United Nations ambassador, Boeing still has friends ready to lend a hand. "Organized labor has no place in our state," said Lewis Gossett, a former head of the state's labor department. "A lot of like-minded companies don't want to see them in South Carolina." How do they stack up? Compare pay of top St. Louis executives What's going up: Read the Building Blocks blog See how much St. Louis CEOs were paid Meet the best small businesses to work at in St. Louis Gossett is president of the South Carolina Manufacturers Alliance and of its education arm, which is running ads comparing joining the IAM to gambling in a casino and suggesting the union president needs dues to fund his family members' salaries. Gossett said the ads were launched without any input from Boeing officials, including the one who sits on SCMA's board. The "VOTE NO" TV ads Boeing is running itself take a more positive tack, featuring employees talking about their child or their guitar, and saying "if you dream big with Boeing, you can go anywhere." On Monday, the state's senior U.S. senator, Lindsey Graham, D, told reporters that he'd urge employees to remember that "if we destroy the business model that led Boeing to South Carolina, this plant will not be able to grow," according to the Charleston City Paper. The IAM has responded with ads of its own, featuring Boeing union members in Puget Sound sharing messages like "You deserve the same benefits that we have." But it says the company's campaign has taken a toll, leaving some of its strong supporters too intimidated to talk to the media. "There's a heavy fear factor here," said Evans, who until last month was one of only two full-time organizers working on the campaign. He declined to share what percentage of the South Carolina facility's eligible workforce signed the IAM's petition for an NLRB election; only 30 percent was legally required. "A lot of people are afraid that if Boeing finds out they're voting yes, that it will be against them," said eight-year employee Kitt Johnson, who was disappointed more of his co-workers didn't show up to Monday's rally. "I'm hoping that that fear doesn't blow into the election." Given how aggressive companies' anti-union campaigns can be, no union should count on employees who won't show their support in public to vote for the union in private, said Kate Bronfenbrenner, a senior lecturer at Cornell's labor relations school. "If a worker does not come out and publicly say they'll vote for the union, that means they also are not going to vote for the union." With assistance from Julie Johnsson Greg Giroux and John McCormick. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Tags Boeing Work Institutes Diplomacy Employee International Association Of Machinists And Aerospace Workers Politics View (…) comments Most popular Foreigners are pulling back from U.S. debt like never before India navy spurns homemade warplane, latest blow to Asia push for self-reliance Nicklaus: St. Louis faces big bill for convention center shortcomings Woman claims Popeyes meal gave her flesh-eating worms — chain denies it Clayton rejects Centene petition as unconstitutional Follow us Business columnists Jim Gallagher - Finance David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Latest in section Capital Innovators invests in cookies, exercise and learning Bond yields rise, stocks push to records as economy cruises Mayor Slay joining law firm Spencer Fane after term ends Trump tells retail CEOs they will 'love' his tax plan Centene's Neidorff lands on group's list of overpaid CEOs Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Celebrate your company's culture! Find the dream job you are looking for. Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Skip to content Menu Local News Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Boeing & Aerospace Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Boeing & Aerospace Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Boeing & Aerospace Login Subscribe Boeing & Aerospace Business Nation & World Politics Trump may attend Friday rollout of first Boeing 787-10 in Charleston Originally published February 13, 2017 at 11:37 am Updated February 13, 2017 at 5:28 pm President Trump will reportedly visit Boeing’s South Carolina complex, where the company builds sections for the 787 and is expected to roll out the first 787-10 on Friday. (Mic Smith / Special to The Seattle Times) In what could signify a warming of relations between President Donald Trump and Boeing, the president is expected to attend the rollout Friday in South Carolina of the first 787-10 Dreamliner. The visit would come two days after a critical unionization vote at the Boeing site. Share story By Dominic Gates Seattle Times aerospace reporter President Donald Trump is expected to attend the rollout of Boeing’s first 787-10, the new and largest model of the Dreamliner family, on Friday in North Charleston, South Carolina, according to media reports from both Washington, D.C., and South Carolina. Several reports cited an FAA notice warning pilots to “expect VIP movement February 17, 2017 in the vicinity of Charleston, SC. Pilots can expect airspace restrictions.” It would be the first visit of a sitting president to Boeing’s South Carolina facility, where the 787-10 model will be exclusively built. Boeing declined to comment. Most Read Stories Disappearance of Seattle-based crab boat, crew a ‘mystery’ ‘These boys loved what they did’: Former crabber on missing Destination talks about lost boat, lost brother T-Mobile one-ups Verizon’s new unlimited data plan; 4Q results top forecasts Seattle ‘Dreamer’ sues over his detention under Trump’s immigration actions Cellphone of admitted UW shooter outside Milo Yiannopoulos event was wiped clean, records showUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. If Trump’s visit happens, it will come just two days after a critical unionization vote at the manufacturing site. On Wednesday, some 3,000 production workers at the plant will decide whether to let the International Association of Machinists (IAM) union represent them in a state that is extremely hostile to unions. The vote has triggered a bitter propaganda war between the IAM and Boeing, with TV and billboard ads and social-media campaigns trying to sway the result. The visit could mark the warming of Trump’s relations with Boeing. The company’s leadership has been trying to get back on track with Trump ever since a tweet in December about the cost of Boeing’s Air Force One being “out of control”got things off to a bad start. Trump has also thrown into doubt Boeing’s ability to finalize a big jet order from Iran. When Boeing Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg met with Trump last month, he discussed how to reduce costs on the presidential jet. Trump also used the talk with Muilenburg to criticize the pricing of Lockheed Martin’s F-35 jet fighter, which he also deemed too expensive, by implying that the Pentagon might order more Boeing F/A-18 fighters instead — even though those aircraft are not comparable. Muilenburg’s meeting with Trump may already have achieved one unexpected victory for Boeing: Trump seems to have reversed his opposition to the U.S. Export-Import Bank, which helps finance overseas sales of Boeing commercial airplanes. During the election campaign, Trump fell in line with conservative Republicans who oppose the Ex-Im Bank as “corporate welfare.” But last week, a group of U.S. senators who met with the president reported that Trump told them he had changed his mind, persuaded by Muilenburg’s arguments that the bank supports American jobs at no cost to the taxpayer. His visit would come a year to the day since Trump warned, in a South Carolina appearance, that unless he was elected, Boeing within a few short years would ship all its jobs from the state to China, where Boeing had agreed to open a joint venture to paint planes and install seats and other interior fixtures. “They are going to build that plant, they are going to devalue the hell out of their currency, and all of a sudden you’re gonna be reading a big front-page story, all over the place, that Boeing is going to leave South Carolina, they’re going to make all their planes in China. Because that’s what they do,” Trump told an audience in Walterboro, S.C. “And our leaders aren’t smart enough to stop it, OK?” Aerospace analysts at the time scoffed at his dire prediction, noting Boeing’s massive investment in the South Carolina complex. Dominic Gates: 206-464-2963 or dgates@seattletimes.com Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story Delta Air employees get bonuses averaging $13,000 Previous Story Up, up and away: Passenger-carrying drone to fly in Dubai Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Your Morning Brief will arrive every weekday morning. Back to the story
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Boeing expects 737 MAX-9 to fly in April as larger version takes shape By Reuters Published: 13:07 EST, 14 February 2017 | Updated: 13:08 EST, 14 February 2017 e-mail By Alwyn Scott SEATTLE, Feb 14 (Reuters) - Boeing Co said on Tuesday it plans to fly its new 737 MAX-9 aircraft for the first time in April, a further sign the company will start delivering the large version of the workhorse plane in 2018. Delivery of the single-aisle 737 MAX models, which replace the current 737 "NG" introduced in 1997, is crucial for Boeing to hit the financial targets it has promised investors and to offset slowing output of some of its largest jets such as the 777 and 747. Airlines want the MAX because it burns significantly less fuel than current models. The world's largest plane maker is creating up to five MAX versions, while planning to increase output to 57 planes a month in 2019, from 42 a month at present. The first MAX model in production, known as the MAX-8, is on track to reach customers by mid-year. "We are anticipating our certification of the airplane within a matter of days-weeks," Keith Leverkuhn, 737 general manager, said at a Monday briefing embargoed until Tuesday. The stamp of approval by the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration would come about a year after the MAX-8's first flight and allow Boeing to begin delivering the $110 million, 162-seat jetliner in the second quarter, he said. Deliveries trigger the bulk of airline payments. Norwegian Air Shuttle will be one of the first airlines to fly the plane commercially, likely ahead of launch customer Southwest Airlines Co, which was first to order the MAX but is taking longer to put it into service. Boeing expects the MAX to account for as much as 15 percent of the 500 or more 737s it expects to deliver in 2017, rising to nearly 100 percent by 2020. Boeing on Monday showed off the first 737 MAX-9 sitting near the end of the assembly line at its factory in Renton, Washington. The nearly completed jet, which carries a list price of $116.6 million and seats 178, will undergo about nine months of testing after first flight in April. MAX-10 TAKES SHAPE Boeing is mulling an even larger version, the 737 MAX-10, to take on rival Airbus, which has had strong sales of its A321neo that is a larger competitor to the MAX-9. The MAX-10 would be 66 inches (1.68 m) longer than the MAX-9, with the same engine thrust. The major change will be the landing gear, which must be taller to accommodate the longer fuselage. Boeing expects to test various landing gear designs this year "to see which one ... is going to be the best solution," Leverkuhn said. Boeing is about 90 percent finished with design drawings for the smallest version, the 737 MAX-7. A high-density MAX-200, with seating for 200 passengers, rounds out the model line. Sales of Boeing's larger twin-aisle planes have slowed sharply and the company is cutting output of the profitable 777 by 40 percent this year. It will rely on the 737 and 787 to make up a large part of the financial difference. Introducing new models while increasing production rates requires Boeing to solve any factory issues quickly. So far, Leverkuhn said, "the hours to build the MAX are meeting our expectation." (Editing by Matthew Lewis) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Squeaky clean Holly Willoughby suffers wardrobe malfunction as she unwittingly slips out of flimsy top in throwback clip to kids' TV days 'A man can try': Jamie O'Hara admits he IS trying to win back his model ex on Dubai break... and reveals the real reason he dumped Bianca Gascoigne 'I don't feel myself at the moment': Miranda Hart 'hints mystery illness forced her to pull out of Call The Midwife'... months after citing busy schedule as her reason 'So proud of my baby!' Kim Kardashian heaps praise on Kanye West as they head out after his 'amazing' New York Fashion Week show 'She's a golddigger': Ferne McCann is slammed for 'forgetting her purse' and not offering to pay while romancing on Celebs Go Dating Still strutting! Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid walk in their third NYFW show in one day as they join Taylor Hill on the Ralph Lauren catwalk  They believe in Yeezy! Kylie Jenner wraps up as she takes Tyga to Kanye West's NYFW show Pier 59 Studios played host  Lady Gaga 'gave her engagement ring back to Taylor Kinney' before going public with new beau Christian Carino Broke up in July Tara Palmer-Tomkinson NEVER had a brain tumour despite claiming she was ill her sister reveals as friends say the It Girl made it up 'as a cry for help' 'I'm SO embarrassed': Atomic Kitten's Michelle Heaton is left red-faced when Lorraine Kelly grills her on being sick out of a taxi while on Australian tour 'He's on his way!' Kirk Norcross gets some rest as his mystery girlfriend goes into labour... amid row with ex over access to his baby daughter CBB's Bianca Gascoigne slams ex-boyfriend CJ Meeks after he was spotted on a date with lookalike blonde model 'You make me and mum smile every single day': Dan Osborne shares sweet posts of daughter Ella with Jacqueline Jossa as their toddler turns two Crisis on the cobbles! Coronation Street bosses 'at loggerheads over disturbing child grooming storyline'... as viewers express their 'discomfort' George Clooney, 55, is 'excited but nervous' about having twins with wife Amal Clooney, 39  Like any first-time parent, actor is understandably anxious  'Those sleepless nights!': Matt Damon jokes about George Clooney's delayed start and becoming an old dad at 55 Mariah Carey makes triumphant return to real-time TV on Jimmy Kimmel Live after NYE Times Square debacle  Passionate performance on live TV Date night! Mariah Carey and Bryan Tanaka grab sushi before heading to Lakers game... after she debuts new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live Holding down the homefront! Kourtney Kardashian takes children out on the West Coast as brother-in-law Kanye West debuts new collection A model family! Teresa Giudice's daughter Milania walks the runway at Rookies New York Fashion Week show Stylish duo Helen Mirren oozes sophistication in power suit and red lace camisole as she attends The Great Wall premiere with husband Taylor Hackford So in love! Matt Damon looks besotted with wife Luciana Barroso as he takes her to The Great Wall premiere in LA One of the luckiest men around Date night! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend glam up for another evening out together after Valentine's Day Time to hit the town again Singer Boy George reveals he was having a drug-induced 'psychotic episode' when he kept a male escort prisoner in his London flat Chloe Who-is? Defiant Jake Hall dismisses ex Chloe Lewis' new romance revelation as he enjoys date night with lookalike girlfriend Missé Beqiri Model mother! Lara Bingle dotes over son Rocket Zot and her precious newborn as she jets out of New York  'It was an emotional reunion': Jeremy McConnell has finally met his four-week-old son Caben-Albi... and also spent time with ex Stephanie Davis 'It seems like 2017 is the year to get pregnant': Heidi Montag congratulates former The Hills co-stars Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad on baby news Catherine Zeta-Jones turns on the glamour as she heads to LAX with Michael Douglas and their teenage daughter Carys Always chic 'We should have bashed each other!' Trainspotting's Danny Boyle says he and Ewan McGregor would have settled their feud earlier if they'd had a punch up Rhian Sugden nails the Playboy look as she shows off her incredible cleavage and tiny waist in iconic corset with bunny ears for sizzling video Newsnight presenter Kirsty Wark suffered 'hard menopause' after ditching HRT over cancer fears  The 62-year-old endured sleepless nights  Sheer delight! Christie Brinkley wears VERY thin sweater while out with daughters in NYC The 63-year-old siren donned a super sheer sweater Baby's first catwalk! Coco Austin and Ice-T help adorable daughter Chanel walk the runway at Rookie USA NY Fashion Week show Braless Paris Jackson shows off nipple rings as she enjoys girl's day out in LA before an altercation at a gas station Ashley Greene looks elegant in flowing split dress at Hollywood premiere of In Dubious Battle  Stole the show in her super chic dress A model metabolism! Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner grab greasy McDonald's as they head to another NYFW show She's no shrinking violet! Kim Kardashian forgoes her bra in sheer purple outfit at Kanye's Yeezy Season 5 show in New York 'I was nervous about the fans': Bella Heathcote feared public reaction to her role as Christian Grey's ex in Fifty Shades Darker Silver siren! Gwen Stefani stuns in metallic mini dress with matching glittered shoes for appearance on The Tonight Show Like mother like daughter! Cindy Crawford and Kaia Gerber look supermodel chic as they get ready for NYFW Looked like sisters Mel Gibson in talks to direct Suicide Squad sequel as Oscar nominee continues to enjoy career renaissance Sheer-ly amazing! Mandy Moore flashes her bra in Victorian-inspired lace at the Marchesa show during NYFW Model family! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber upstaged by kids Kaia and Presley at NYC Marc Jacobs event Center of attention What is her recipe? Domestic goddess Nigella Lawson, 57, looks remarkably wrinkle-free as she steps out in style for a night of revelry Legs for days! Cameron Diaz shows off pencil thin stems in skintight jeans while out in Beverly Hills Leggy lady Her biggest fans! Charlotte McKinney flashes some skin as she celebrates her Ocean Drive cover with her parents in Miami Bodacious in blue! Mariah Carey shows off curves in skintight mini dress as she arrives for first performance since NYE debacle From crop tops to cocktail frocks! Coco Rocha goes to two shows back-to-back and manages to make a full outfit change with minutes to spare  New 'do! Lea Michele shows off sleek shorter hair while out and about in LA after debuting it at Grammys Glee alum looked in good spirits  Top of the crops! Gorgeous Martha Hunt flashes cleavage and toned tummy at Michael Kors NYFW show The 27-year-old kept up with appearances  Back again! Ashley Graham shows off her incredible curves in tiny bikinis as she returns to the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue In slinky swimwear  Jessica Biel stuns in classy black lace dress as she sits front row at the Ralph Lauren NYFW show Stole the show Brooke Shields, 51, shows off youthful glow and flawless complexion while taking in an off-Broadway show in NYC Can still rock a red carpet  Heavenly! Olivia Culpo stands out in frilly ruched frock as she sits front row at Marchesa's NYFW runway show She's a former beauty queen She's 58, with four children already - one of whom she's lost custody of - so why WAS Madonna allowed to adopt these twins? 'I've not seen my sister in EIGHT years': Mel B's estranged sibling Danielle Brown shoots down reports of a family reunion as long-running feud continues 'What is your intention with her?': Corrine's nanny grills Nick Viall in teaser for Bachelor hometown dates episode Katherine Heigl looks slim in white blouse and jeans two months after welcoming son Joshua Jr.  Introduced her newborn on the Late Late Show  Bandaged Chloe Khan exhibits results of 'corrective nose job'... after admitting she's spent £50K going under the knife Blue singer Lee Ryan set to 'ruffle feathers and break hearts' as he lands a role in EastEnders as Albert Square's 'colourful' new bad boy California here we come! Sam Faiers and her boyfriend Paul Knightley share hugs with their adorable son Paul Jr. as they excitedly jet off to LA Rolling in the dough! Adele earned more than £500k EACH NIGHT on her hugely successful Live tour last year  Unprecedented success  Katherine Heigl shows off newborn son Joshua Jr as she reveals John Mayer helped husband Josh Kelley get serious about their relationship 'It wasn't just the flu!' Ailing Vicky Pattison scolds fan after being accused of wasting a 'valuable hospital bed' for virus Defended herself  'She got very offended': Regis Philbin reveals Kelly Ripa took his departure personally and explains they do not 'really' stay in contact Lady Mary's Valentine kiss for tragic fiance: Michelle Dockery posts poignant selfie with caption 'kiss cancer goodbye' John Dineen died of brain cancer in 2015 'I'm even excited about being tired': Mahershala Ali scores THR cover and Oscar nominee discusses childhood 'melancholy' and pending fatherhood Susan Sarandon and Lindsay Lohan among celebs enjoying night at risque NY club The Box - but Trump adviser Elon Musk stays out of view as Pussy Riot yell 'f**k Trump, f**k Putin' Airing his dirty laundry! Lauren Goodger spends Valentine's Day in PRISON with jailbird Joey Morrison... and leaves with his washing  Chloe Goodman strips down to just a thong while undergoing non-surgical 'booty makeover'... after previously working as a bum double for Cheryl  Mario Falcone 'set to make explosive return to TOWIE two years after slimming pill suspension'... despite insisting he's 'too intelligent' for show  Bootylicious! Jennifer Lopez posts very cheeky Valentine's day snap in a sexy red clinging two-piece Gave followers a treat Charlotte Crosby shows off her endless legs beneath skin-tight mini for circus launch... after posing in just lingerie ahead of solo Valentine's day MIC's Tiffany Watson adds a little sex appeal to her date night outfit in a lace bralet and fishnet tights as she joins beau Sam Thompson for pre-LFW bash Clothing optional! Nicki Minaj poses topless on a bed as she jokes about her stripper past in latest naughty Instagram post Freezing for fashion? Jessica Gomes takes a solo stroll in FREEZING New York conditions wearing a stylish thin camisole and velvet blazer . Kendall Jenner didn't make Kanye's Yeezy 5 show because she was busy walking the runway for Anna Sui with pals Gigi and Bella Hadid 'How cute!' Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid deliver McDonald's feast to sister Kim Kardashian after Kanye's Yeezy 5 show No point being coy now! Audacious Lisa Appleton bares breasts in sheer lace bodysuit for night out... before covering her face with a tiger mask TOWIE star Chloe Sims gets a little heavy-handed with the bronzer as she picks out mother-daughter fluffy coats for girls' night with Madison, 11 Justin Bieber 'named as suspect in assault investigation'... after video surfaced of him fighting man twice his size A memoir.... that Mick Jagger doesn't remember writing! Publisher claims he has manuscript of autobiography written during the 1980s  Kylie Jenner arrives LATE to join Kim Kardashian at Kanye's Yeezy 5 show... as Khloe, Kourtney, Kendall and even Kris Jenner are absent 'I'm open!' Susan Sarandon, 70, declares herself BISEXUAL as she reveals she would date a woman Promoting new movie  Bella Hadid dons lace bodysuit for Valentine's Day dinner with Kaia and Presley Gerber in New York The friends made quite the stylish group  'I owe him everything!': Blake Lively looks flirty in floral as she praises Michael Kors while cheering on his fashion show with Anna Wintour Kate Upton keeps her voluptuous figure under wraps with a heavy coat as she plugs her latest Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue Glammed-up Frankie Bridge leads The Saturdays' reunion with Vanessa White as they support bandmate Una Healy's first headline solo gig No jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio looks bright as she bares her toned tummy in a crop top at Sao Paulo airport Looks good anywhere EXCLUSIVE: Never-before-seen pictures of secretly pregnant Marilyn Monroe, who confided that her Lco-star Yves Montand was the baby's father Look away Keith! Nicole Kidman wraps her arms around Moonlight star Mahershala Ali as she talks first kiss in W magazine 'I'm not a size two but I'm strong!': Serena Williams strips off her tennis skirt to look sensational in Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue Charli XCX flashes her cleavage and abs in sheer crop top emblazoned with the words 'Sex Symbol' as she makes head-turning arrival at NME Awards Pregnant Billie Faiers masks her bump while going edgy in embroidered denim as she brings daughter Nelly to star-studded kids' bash 'You need to eat a few wholesome meals hun': Abbey Clancy sparks concerns among fans as she shares super-slim selfie Concerned response 'I have the utmost respect for her': Carlos Santana APOLOGISES after claiming Adele won Grammys because Beyonce is 'beautiful but not a singer' Kendall Jenner flaunts her figure in quirky tasselled dress as she storms the runway with Bella Hadid and Ashley Graham at Michael Kors' NYFW show Kesha submits emails in court case against her 'abuser' Dr. Luke who criticised her for breaking juice cleanse and called her a 'fat f**king refrigerator' 'Curvy' model Hunter McGrady dedicates her nude Sports Illustrated's spread to 'every woman who has ever felt uncomfortable in her body' 'Lies! Lies!': Jessica Biel is shocked to hear about ancestors as she and Courteney Cox explore roots on Who Do You Think You Are? Karlie Kloss apologizes after backlash over 'culturally insensitive' Geisha-themed photo shoot in Vogue's issue meant to celebrate diversity Hollywood activist Shailene Woodley talks about 'inspiring' meeting with Malia Obama during a Dakota pipeline protest Wonderful in winter white! Hailey Baldwin shows off her toned legs as she heads to Kanye West's Yeezy 5 show Show of support Social butterfly! Paris Hilton spring-time ready in a garden print dress at the Vivienne Tam show during NYFW Blooming lovely MIC's Stephanie Pratt flashes her bra in a semi-sheer nude bodycon after wowing in a bridal inspired gown as she launches new fashion line Strip club being sued by Joanna Krupa for using her picture in ads without permission hits back claiming she's too 'pretty' to work there Gigi to the rescue! Hadid the model citizen lends a hand after woman is knocked over on New York sidewalk Helped disentangle a pavement pileup 'Yet another breathtaking view': Oprah Winfrey and Reese Witherspoon explore New Zealand in between filming scenes for new Disney movie Specs appeal! Nicole Kidman rocks eyeglasses as she bundles up in puffer jacket on NYC set of Untouchable with Bryan Cranston She's with Rio, she is a showgirl! Kate Wright flaunts her amazing figure in racy bikini flashback... as Ferdinand romance shocks TOWIE cast Naked ambition! Gigi Hadid's younger sister Bella strips off her clothes to flash her chest in V Magazine after taking NYFW by storm 'Never a rivalry like theirs': Susan Sarandon and Jessica Lange get their claws out as Bette Davis and Joan Crawford in new trailer for FX's Feud Matt Damon reveals it took 12 hours and 700 extensions to get his long man bun for The Great Wall role He found the process 'weird.' 'A little shot of fireball gets a girl going!': RHOBH star Erika Jayne, 45, shows off fit figure in blue lingerie for very racy XXPEN$IVE music video 'They are at it again!': Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna have ANOTHER major fight as rumors of their split continue 'My greatest fear is that I won't wake up': Lisa Riley breaks down over major surgery fears... ahead of 'excess skin removal and having her lady garden tidied' 'She looks like a waxwork': Holly Hagan's fans are divided over star's transformation as they struggle to recognise her following very glam makeover Hugh Jackman evacuated from the set of The Greatest Showman after fire breaks out Shooting on Sunday when blaze began Nick Cannon was 'shaken to his core' over treatment by NBC after race gag lead to him quitting America's Got Talent Harrison Ford is spotted for the first time returning to the airport where he nearly flew INTO a Boeing 737 as FAA reveals investigation delay  Braless Jess Woodley poses in her underwear and a sexy matching camisole... as she hints at the real reason she quit Made In Chelsea Critics demand Khloe Kardashian's Protein World Tube advert is scrapped by London Underground for 'body shaming' young women  Sienna Miller flashes her bra in sheer jumper as she helps launch clothes designer sister Savannah's bridal collection Five years after dropping shared fashion range The tight stuff! Glam Frankie Essex shows off slimmed-down figure in leather trousers as she heads out for night on the town  That's no reason to feel blue! Louisa Johnson shows off her new electric hair colour as she's unveiled as the face of L'Oreal's Colorista That's one supportive wife! Kim Kardashian posts image where she's beaming at Kanye West hours before his Yeezy 5 show Cindy Crawford and husband Rande Gerber keep the romance alive with sweet Valentine's Day date after nearly 20 years of marriage Sofia Richie flashes her derriere in white thong bodysuit as she teases Kanye West's Yeezy 5 runway show Teased her Instagram followers  Love (Actually) is on the air! Director Richard Curtis reveals plans to unveil a TV sequel to his hit romantic comedy especially for Comic Relief Hilary Duff's ex-husband Mike Comrie pictured out in LA for the first time since former NHL star was accused of 'raping a woman at his home' Pregnant Natalie Portman shows off blossoming bump as she hikes with mother Shelley while counting down to baby No. 2 TOWIE newcomer Yazmin flashes her bra in plunging red blazer as she goes hand-in-hand with new love interest James Lock during filming Starting to show! Ryan Lochte's fiancée Kayla Rae Reid proudly displays growing baby bump in white crop top for mirror selfie Kanye West turns out a camouflage-packed runway for Yeezy Season 5 at his first New York Fashion Week show since his breakdown 'She looks like Jane Pountney!' Katie Price's neighbour is compared to cheating former friend after posing for Valentine's Day selfie with Kieran Hayler Celia Imrie reveals she was celebrating Bastille Day in Nice during last year's terrorist attack that left 84 dead, adding 'it was a miracle I survived'  Jemma Lucy flaunts her pert posterior in a thong in new sultry Insta... days after revealing desire for another boob job to boost her G Cup bust Made In Chelsea's Georgia Toffolo risks a wardrobe malfunction in perilously short mini as she joins leggy co-star Frankie Gaff at LFW bash Revlon ambassador Gwen Stefani talks about 'choosing love' with Blake Shelton but says she spent Valentine's Day alone Jennifer Lopez, Rachel McAdams, and David Beckham star in stunning pictures for photographer Marc Hom's portrait book EXCLUSIVE: SStar Trek's William Shatner goes boldly into court demanding that a $170 million lawsuit by a radio DJ claiming to be his son be thrown out Something to celebrate? Kimberley Walsh and Sarah Harding post gushing tributes to pregnant pal Cheryl... as she counts down to giving birth 'They walked in while I was pushing!': Jessa Duggar reveals her second home birth was so quick her mother and sister almost missed it 'We were actually homeless': Daniel MacPherson reveals struggles of US move alongside wife Zoe Ventoura   'I had $40 and an address!' Nina Agdal reveals she came to America with nothing but a modeling dream just six years ago Red hot Selena Gomez gives a peek at incredibly toned legs in sexy high-slit dress on Valentine's Day Showing a little leg in her chic dress 'She's grown so much!': Pregnant Cally Jane Beech shares throwback baby scan snap as she admits the experience has been emotional John McCain gets Punk'd! Ashton Kutcher blows the senator a kiss during Foreign Relations hearing as they give Obama and Biden a run for their money 'You have to f***ing watch it': Lena Dunham understands why Taylor Swift did not speak up during election Gave opinion in Rolling Stone chat Hilary Duff's ex-husband, former NHL star Mike Comrie is investigated by police for 'raping a woman at his Los Angeles home'  Tallia Storm borrows from the Seventies as she flaunts her taut abs in chic hippy coord while joining a bevy of stars at glitzy pre-LFW bash Quick change artist: Blake Lively switches up her style for second show during New York Fashion Week She went from flirty in floral Braless Emily Ratajkowski shows off her perky assets and enviable abs in racy crop top with sexy secretary style skirt at Michael Kors show   'Sassy!': Blac Chyna sizzles in sheer red dress which leaves little to the imagination in racy Instagram snap An eye-popping display  Not runway ready! Sara Sampaio is makeup-free and wearing odd blue coat as she heads to a show for New York Fashion Week . Sylvester Stallone's model daughter Sistine, 18, makes an elegant fashion fan in a little navy dress as she attends Michael Kors' runway show at NYFW She sure shakes it up! Bella Thorne is spotted grabbing a healthy lunch with a mystery man in LA after being linked to Sam Pepper One last workout! Kim Kardashian hits the gym ahead of husband Kanye West's comeback show at New York Fashion Week  Brooke Burke-Charvet, 45, shows off her super-fit physique in a bandeau bikini as she shares a steamy kiss with husband David in St. Barts Moment 'smirking' X Factor winner James Arthur is smashed over the head with a pint glass by a thug who had just discovered he'd slept with his girlfriend  Kanye West heads to Yeezy Season Five presentation at NYFW... following 'disastrous' show last fall Grunge-inspired Ashley James rocks a quirky bomber and chunky boots as she heads out in London with pal Charlotte de Carle Prue Leith CONFIRMS she's up for Mary Berry's job on  GBBO... as the saucy 13-year affair she had with her mum's best friend's husband is revealed Ruffling feathers? Make-up free Billie Piper opts for a low-key look as she faces off against a swan Family time Her crown jewels! Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks regally racy as she flaunts her ample chest in VERY revealing gown on the set of The Royals They could be sisters! Kate Upton, 24, joins forces with Christie Brinkley, 63, to plug Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue on Today 'Love of my life!': Rosario Dawson and comedian Eric Andre reveal they are dating in a series of sweet snaps on Valentine's Day Fresh as a daisy! Catherine Zeta Jones, 47, flaunts her tiny waist in a floral dress at Feud event in New York  She always exudes elegance Courtney Stodden puts on a busty display in plunging top as she spends Valentine's Day with celebrity surgeon who dated Heather Locklear 'I was born in BEIRUT!' Keanu Reeves slams Alison Hammond as she quizzes him about his Essex roots... despite him telling her he has never been  'Happy mom, happy life!': Mila Kunis wears statement top in LA as it's revealed she 'made out with' Ashton Kutcher during recent date night Hilary Duff and new beau Matthew Koma celebrated V-Day in Costa Rica... as her ex faces rape charges Stayed at lavish resort 'Life is about to get crazy!': Country star Thomas Rhett discovers wife is pregnant just as they adopt African baby Announced the news on social media  'Your girl fell in love with me': The Weeknd taunts Justin Bieber in new song as he continues to romance the Sorry singer's ex Selena Gomez Giving us the shoulder! Orange Is The New Black star Laverne Cox dazzles in sexy black dress as she talks new CBS show Doubt Chic and sophisticated 'Who thought a high functioning sociopath could be so popular?' Benedict's delight as Sherlock is voted the world's favourite BBC TV character  Someone making you smile? Chloe Lewis flashes a coy grin as she heads out to film for TOWIE... after revealing new romance with mystery beau RA boss Neil Portnow says Grammys don't have 'race problem' and claims Kanye skipped show due to 'medical concerns' Still feeling the love! Denzel Washington and wife of 33 years Pauletta have a ball at Lakers game on Valentine's Day Alex Mytton makes up with girlfriend Lottie Moss following Valentine's fallout as they cosy up during day in New York 'I went through every phase - too skinny, too fat!': Christie Brinkley, 63, appears on Today with daughters to talk body image Talked haters Liv Tyler wraps up warm in a chic navy coat as she goes arm-in-arm with her fiancé Dave Gardner in Paris Celebrating Valentine's Day in style  Victoria's Secret model Josephine Skriver flaunts her impeccably toned abs and eye-popping cleavage in sizzling swimwear campaign Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Boeing expects 787 MAX-9 to fly in April; on course for 2018 delivery By Reuters Published: 13:07 EST, 14 February 2017 | Updated: 13:07 EST, 14 February 2017 e-mail SEATTLE, Feb 14 (Reuters) - Boeing Co said on Tuesday it plans to fly its new 737 MAX-9 aircraft for the first time in April, a further sign the company will start delivering the large version of the workhorse plane in 2018. Delivery of the single-aisle 737 MAX models, which replace the current 737 "NG" introduced in 1997, is crucial for Boeing to hit the financial targets it has promised investors and to offset slowing output of some of its largest jets such as the 777 and 747. Airlines want the MAX because it burns significantly less fuel than current models. (Reporting by Alwyn Scott; Editing by Matthew Lewis) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Squeaky clean Holly Willoughby suffers wardrobe malfunction as she unwittingly slips out of flimsy top in throwback clip to kids' TV days 'A man can try': Jamie O'Hara admits he IS trying to win back his model ex on Dubai break... and reveals the real reason he dumped Bianca Gascoigne 'I don't feel myself at the moment': Miranda Hart 'hints mystery illness forced her to pull out of Call The Midwife'... months after citing busy schedule as her reason 'So proud of my baby!' Kim Kardashian heaps praise on Kanye West as they head out after his 'amazing' New York Fashion Week show 'She's a golddigger': Ferne McCann is slammed for 'forgetting her purse' and not offering to pay while romancing on Celebs Go Dating Still strutting! Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid walk in their third NYFW show in one day as they join Taylor Hill on the Ralph Lauren catwalk  They believe in Yeezy! Kylie Jenner wraps up as she takes Tyga to Kanye West's NYFW show Pier 59 Studios played host  Lady Gaga 'gave her engagement ring back to Taylor Kinney' before going public with new beau Christian Carino Broke up in July Tara Palmer-Tomkinson NEVER had a brain tumour despite claiming she was ill her sister reveals as friends say the It Girl made it up 'as a cry for help' 'I'm SO embarrassed': Atomic Kitten's Michelle Heaton is left red-faced when Lorraine Kelly grills her on being sick out of a taxi while on Australian tour 'He's on his way!' Kirk Norcross gets some rest as his mystery girlfriend goes into labour... amid row with ex over access to his baby daughter CBB's Bianca Gascoigne slams ex-boyfriend CJ Meeks after he was spotted on a date with lookalike blonde model 'You make me and mum smile every single day': Dan Osborne shares sweet posts of daughter Ella with Jacqueline Jossa as their toddler turns two Crisis on the cobbles! Coronation Street bosses 'at loggerheads over disturbing child grooming storyline'... as viewers express their 'discomfort' George Clooney, 55, is 'excited but nervous' about having twins with wife Amal Clooney, 39  Like any first-time parent, actor is understandably anxious  'Those sleepless nights!': Matt Damon jokes about George Clooney's delayed start and becoming an old dad at 55 Mariah Carey makes triumphant return to real-time TV on Jimmy Kimmel Live after NYE Times Square debacle  Passionate performance on live TV Date night! Mariah Carey and Bryan Tanaka grab sushi before heading to Lakers game... after she debuts new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live Holding down the homefront! Kourtney Kardashian takes children out on the West Coast as brother-in-law Kanye West debuts new collection A model family! Teresa Giudice's daughter Milania walks the runway at Rookies New York Fashion Week show Stylish duo Helen Mirren oozes sophistication in power suit and red lace camisole as she attends The Great Wall premiere with husband Taylor Hackford So in love! Matt Damon looks besotted with wife Luciana Barroso as he takes her to The Great Wall premiere in LA One of the luckiest men around Date night! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend glam up for another evening out together after Valentine's Day Time to hit the town again Singer Boy George reveals he was having a drug-induced 'psychotic episode' when he kept a male escort prisoner in his London flat Chloe Who-is? Defiant Jake Hall dismisses ex Chloe Lewis' new romance revelation as he enjoys date night with lookalike girlfriend Missé Beqiri Model mother! Lara Bingle dotes over son Rocket Zot and her precious newborn as she jets out of New York  'It was an emotional reunion': Jeremy McConnell has finally met his four-week-old son Caben-Albi... and also spent time with ex Stephanie Davis 'It seems like 2017 is the year to get pregnant': Heidi Montag congratulates former The Hills co-stars Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad on baby news Catherine Zeta-Jones turns on the glamour as she heads to LAX with Michael Douglas and their teenage daughter Carys Always chic 'We should have bashed each other!' Trainspotting's Danny Boyle says he and Ewan McGregor would have settled their feud earlier if they'd had a punch up Rhian Sugden nails the Playboy look as she shows off her incredible cleavage and tiny waist in iconic corset with bunny ears for sizzling video Newsnight presenter Kirsty Wark suffered 'hard menopause' after ditching HRT over cancer fears  The 62-year-old endured sleepless nights  Sheer delight! Christie Brinkley wears VERY thin sweater while out with daughters in NYC The 63-year-old siren donned a super sheer sweater Baby's first catwalk! Coco Austin and Ice-T help adorable daughter Chanel walk the runway at Rookie USA NY Fashion Week show Braless Paris Jackson shows off nipple rings as she enjoys girl's day out in LA before an altercation at a gas station Ashley Greene looks elegant in flowing split dress at Hollywood premiere of In Dubious Battle  Stole the show in her super chic dress A model metabolism! Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner grab greasy McDonald's as they head to another NYFW show She's no shrinking violet! Kim Kardashian forgoes her bra in sheer purple outfit at Kanye's Yeezy Season 5 show in New York 'I was nervous about the fans': Bella Heathcote feared public reaction to her role as Christian Grey's ex in Fifty Shades Darker Silver siren! Gwen Stefani stuns in metallic mini dress with matching glittered shoes for appearance on The Tonight Show Like mother like daughter! Cindy Crawford and Kaia Gerber look supermodel chic as they get ready for NYFW Looked like sisters Mel Gibson in talks to direct Suicide Squad sequel as Oscar nominee continues to enjoy career renaissance Sheer-ly amazing! Mandy Moore flashes her bra in Victorian-inspired lace at the Marchesa show during NYFW Model family! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber upstaged by kids Kaia and Presley at NYC Marc Jacobs event Center of attention What is her recipe? Domestic goddess Nigella Lawson, 57, looks remarkably wrinkle-free as she steps out in style for a night of revelry Legs for days! Cameron Diaz shows off pencil thin stems in skintight jeans while out in Beverly Hills Leggy lady Her biggest fans! Charlotte McKinney flashes some skin as she celebrates her Ocean Drive cover with her parents in Miami Bodacious in blue! Mariah Carey shows off curves in skintight mini dress as she arrives for first performance since NYE debacle From crop tops to cocktail frocks! Coco Rocha goes to two shows back-to-back and manages to make a full outfit change with minutes to spare  New 'do! Lea Michele shows off sleek shorter hair while out and about in LA after debuting it at Grammys Glee alum looked in good spirits  Top of the crops! Gorgeous Martha Hunt flashes cleavage and toned tummy at Michael Kors NYFW show The 27-year-old kept up with appearances  Back again! Ashley Graham shows off her incredible curves in tiny bikinis as she returns to the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue In slinky swimwear  Jessica Biel stuns in classy black lace dress as she sits front row at the Ralph Lauren NYFW show Stole the show Brooke Shields, 51, shows off youthful glow and flawless complexion while taking in an off-Broadway show in NYC Can still rock a red carpet  Heavenly! Olivia Culpo stands out in frilly ruched frock as she sits front row at Marchesa's NYFW runway show She's a former beauty queen She's 58, with four children already - one of whom she's lost custody of - so why WAS Madonna allowed to adopt these twins? 'I've not seen my sister in EIGHT years': Mel B's estranged sibling Danielle Brown shoots down reports of a family reunion as long-running feud continues 'What is your intention with her?': Corrine's nanny grills Nick Viall in teaser for Bachelor hometown dates episode Katherine Heigl looks slim in white blouse and jeans two months after welcoming son Joshua Jr.  Introduced her newborn on the Late Late Show  Bandaged Chloe Khan exhibits results of 'corrective nose job'... after admitting she's spent £50K going under the knife Blue singer Lee Ryan set to 'ruffle feathers and break hearts' as he lands a role in EastEnders as Albert Square's 'colourful' new bad boy California here we come! Sam Faiers and her boyfriend Paul Knightley share hugs with their adorable son Paul Jr. as they excitedly jet off to LA Rolling in the dough! Adele earned more than £500k EACH NIGHT on her hugely successful Live tour last year  Unprecedented success  Katherine Heigl shows off newborn son Joshua Jr as she reveals John Mayer helped husband Josh Kelley get serious about their relationship 'It wasn't just the flu!' Ailing Vicky Pattison scolds fan after being accused of wasting a 'valuable hospital bed' for virus Defended herself  'She got very offended': Regis Philbin reveals Kelly Ripa took his departure personally and explains they do not 'really' stay in contact Lady Mary's Valentine kiss for tragic fiance: Michelle Dockery posts poignant selfie with caption 'kiss cancer goodbye' John Dineen died of brain cancer in 2015 'I'm even excited about being tired': Mahershala Ali scores THR cover and Oscar nominee discusses childhood 'melancholy' and pending fatherhood Susan Sarandon and Lindsay Lohan among celebs enjoying night at risque NY club The Box - but Trump adviser Elon Musk stays out of view as Pussy Riot yell 'f**k Trump, f**k Putin' Airing his dirty laundry! Lauren Goodger spends Valentine's Day in PRISON with jailbird Joey Morrison... and leaves with his washing  Chloe Goodman strips down to just a thong while undergoing non-surgical 'booty makeover'... after previously working as a bum double for Cheryl  Mario Falcone 'set to make explosive return to TOWIE two years after slimming pill suspension'... despite insisting he's 'too intelligent' for show  Bootylicious! Jennifer Lopez posts very cheeky Valentine's day snap in a sexy red clinging two-piece Gave followers a treat Charlotte Crosby shows off her endless legs beneath skin-tight mini for circus launch... after posing in just lingerie ahead of solo Valentine's day MIC's Tiffany Watson adds a little sex appeal to her date night outfit in a lace bralet and fishnet tights as she joins beau Sam Thompson for pre-LFW bash Clothing optional! Nicki Minaj poses topless on a bed as she jokes about her stripper past in latest naughty Instagram post Freezing for fashion? Jessica Gomes takes a solo stroll in FREEZING New York conditions wearing a stylish thin camisole and velvet blazer . Kendall Jenner didn't make Kanye's Yeezy 5 show because she was busy walking the runway for Anna Sui with pals Gigi and Bella Hadid 'How cute!' Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid deliver McDonald's feast to sister Kim Kardashian after Kanye's Yeezy 5 show No point being coy now! Audacious Lisa Appleton bares breasts in sheer lace bodysuit for night out... before covering her face with a tiger mask TOWIE star Chloe Sims gets a little heavy-handed with the bronzer as she picks out mother-daughter fluffy coats for girls' night with Madison, 11 Justin Bieber 'named as suspect in assault investigation'... after video surfaced of him fighting man twice his size A memoir.... that Mick Jagger doesn't remember writing! Publisher claims he has manuscript of autobiography written during the 1980s  Kylie Jenner arrives LATE to join Kim Kardashian at Kanye's Yeezy 5 show... as Khloe, Kourtney, Kendall and even Kris Jenner are absent 'I'm open!' Susan Sarandon, 70, declares herself BISEXUAL as she reveals she would date a woman Promoting new movie  Bella Hadid dons lace bodysuit for Valentine's Day dinner with Kaia and Presley Gerber in New York The friends made quite the stylish group  'I owe him everything!': Blake Lively looks flirty in floral as she praises Michael Kors while cheering on his fashion show with Anna Wintour Kate Upton keeps her voluptuous figure under wraps with a heavy coat as she plugs her latest Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue Glammed-up Frankie Bridge leads The Saturdays' reunion with Vanessa White as they support bandmate Una Healy's first headline solo gig No jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio looks bright as she bares her toned tummy in a crop top at Sao Paulo airport Looks good anywhere EXCLUSIVE: Never-before-seen pictures of secretly pregnant Marilyn Monroe, who confided that her Lco-star Yves Montand was the baby's father Look away Keith! Nicole Kidman wraps her arms around Moonlight star Mahershala Ali as she talks first kiss in W magazine 'I'm not a size two but I'm strong!': Serena Williams strips off her tennis skirt to look sensational in Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue Charli XCX flashes her cleavage and abs in sheer crop top emblazoned with the words 'Sex Symbol' as she makes head-turning arrival at NME Awards Pregnant Billie Faiers masks her bump while going edgy in embroidered denim as she brings daughter Nelly to star-studded kids' bash 'You need to eat a few wholesome meals hun': Abbey Clancy sparks concerns among fans as she shares super-slim selfie Concerned response 'I have the utmost respect for her': Carlos Santana APOLOGISES after claiming Adele won Grammys because Beyonce is 'beautiful but not a singer' Kendall Jenner flaunts her figure in quirky tasselled dress as she storms the runway with Bella Hadid and Ashley Graham at Michael Kors' NYFW show Kesha submits emails in court case against her 'abuser' Dr. Luke who criticised her for breaking juice cleanse and called her a 'fat f**king refrigerator' 'Curvy' model Hunter McGrady dedicates her nude Sports Illustrated's spread to 'every woman who has ever felt uncomfortable in her body' 'Lies! Lies!': Jessica Biel is shocked to hear about ancestors as she and Courteney Cox explore roots on Who Do You Think You Are? Karlie Kloss apologizes after backlash over 'culturally insensitive' Geisha-themed photo shoot in Vogue's issue meant to celebrate diversity Hollywood activist Shailene Woodley talks about 'inspiring' meeting with Malia Obama during a Dakota pipeline protest Wonderful in winter white! Hailey Baldwin shows off her toned legs as she heads to Kanye West's Yeezy 5 show Show of support Social butterfly! Paris Hilton spring-time ready in a garden print dress at the Vivienne Tam show during NYFW Blooming lovely MIC's Stephanie Pratt flashes her bra in a semi-sheer nude bodycon after wowing in a bridal inspired gown as she launches new fashion line Strip club being sued by Joanna Krupa for using her picture in ads without permission hits back claiming she's too 'pretty' to work there Gigi to the rescue! Hadid the model citizen lends a hand after woman is knocked over on New York sidewalk Helped disentangle a pavement pileup 'Yet another breathtaking view': Oprah Winfrey and Reese Witherspoon explore New Zealand in between filming scenes for new Disney movie Specs appeal! Nicole Kidman rocks eyeglasses as she bundles up in puffer jacket on NYC set of Untouchable with Bryan Cranston She's with Rio, she is a showgirl! Kate Wright flaunts her amazing figure in racy bikini flashback... as Ferdinand romance shocks TOWIE cast Naked ambition! Gigi Hadid's younger sister Bella strips off her clothes to flash her chest in V Magazine after taking NYFW by storm 'Never a rivalry like theirs': Susan Sarandon and Jessica Lange get their claws out as Bette Davis and Joan Crawford in new trailer for FX's Feud Matt Damon reveals it took 12 hours and 700 extensions to get his long man bun for The Great Wall role He found the process 'weird.' 'A little shot of fireball gets a girl going!': RHOBH star Erika Jayne, 45, shows off fit figure in blue lingerie for very racy XXPEN$IVE music video 'They are at it again!': Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna have ANOTHER major fight as rumors of their split continue 'My greatest fear is that I won't wake up': Lisa Riley breaks down over major surgery fears... ahead of 'excess skin removal and having her lady garden tidied' 'She looks like a waxwork': Holly Hagan's fans are divided over star's transformation as they struggle to recognise her following very glam makeover Hugh Jackman evacuated from the set of The Greatest Showman after fire breaks out Shooting on Sunday when blaze began Nick Cannon was 'shaken to his core' over treatment by NBC after race gag lead to him quitting America's Got Talent Harrison Ford is spotted for the first time returning to the airport where he nearly flew INTO a Boeing 737 as FAA reveals investigation delay  Braless Jess Woodley poses in her underwear and a sexy matching camisole... as she hints at the real reason she quit Made In Chelsea Critics demand Khloe Kardashian's Protein World Tube advert is scrapped by London Underground for 'body shaming' young women  Sienna Miller flashes her bra in sheer jumper as she helps launch clothes designer sister Savannah's bridal collection Five years after dropping shared fashion range The tight stuff! Glam Frankie Essex shows off slimmed-down figure in leather trousers as she heads out for night on the town  That's no reason to feel blue! Louisa Johnson shows off her new electric hair colour as she's unveiled as the face of L'Oreal's Colorista That's one supportive wife! Kim Kardashian posts image where she's beaming at Kanye West hours before his Yeezy 5 show Cindy Crawford and husband Rande Gerber keep the romance alive with sweet Valentine's Day date after nearly 20 years of marriage Sofia Richie flashes her derriere in white thong bodysuit as she teases Kanye West's Yeezy 5 runway show Teased her Instagram followers  Love (Actually) is on the air! Director Richard Curtis reveals plans to unveil a TV sequel to his hit romantic comedy especially for Comic Relief Hilary Duff's ex-husband Mike Comrie pictured out in LA for the first time since former NHL star was accused of 'raping a woman at his home' Pregnant Natalie Portman shows off blossoming bump as she hikes with mother Shelley while counting down to baby No. 2 TOWIE newcomer Yazmin flashes her bra in plunging red blazer as she goes hand-in-hand with new love interest James Lock during filming Starting to show! Ryan Lochte's fiancée Kayla Rae Reid proudly displays growing baby bump in white crop top for mirror selfie Kanye West turns out a camouflage-packed runway for Yeezy Season 5 at his first New York Fashion Week show since his breakdown 'She looks like Jane Pountney!' Katie Price's neighbour is compared to cheating former friend after posing for Valentine's Day selfie with Kieran Hayler Celia Imrie reveals she was celebrating Bastille Day in Nice during last year's terrorist attack that left 84 dead, adding 'it was a miracle I survived'  Jemma Lucy flaunts her pert posterior in a thong in new sultry Insta... days after revealing desire for another boob job to boost her G Cup bust Made In Chelsea's Georgia Toffolo risks a wardrobe malfunction in perilously short mini as she joins leggy co-star Frankie Gaff at LFW bash Revlon ambassador Gwen Stefani talks about 'choosing love' with Blake Shelton but says she spent Valentine's Day alone Jennifer Lopez, Rachel McAdams, and David Beckham star in stunning pictures for photographer Marc Hom's portrait book EXCLUSIVE: SStar Trek's William Shatner goes boldly into court demanding that a $170 million lawsuit by a radio DJ claiming to be his son be thrown out Something to celebrate? Kimberley Walsh and Sarah Harding post gushing tributes to pregnant pal Cheryl... as she counts down to giving birth 'They walked in while I was pushing!': Jessa Duggar reveals her second home birth was so quick her mother and sister almost missed it 'We were actually homeless': Daniel MacPherson reveals struggles of US move alongside wife Zoe Ventoura   'I had $40 and an address!' Nina Agdal reveals she came to America with nothing but a modeling dream just six years ago Red hot Selena Gomez gives a peek at incredibly toned legs in sexy high-slit dress on Valentine's Day Showing a little leg in her chic dress 'She's grown so much!': Pregnant Cally Jane Beech shares throwback baby scan snap as she admits the experience has been emotional John McCain gets Punk'd! Ashton Kutcher blows the senator a kiss during Foreign Relations hearing as they give Obama and Biden a run for their money 'You have to f***ing watch it': Lena Dunham understands why Taylor Swift did not speak up during election Gave opinion in Rolling Stone chat Hilary Duff's ex-husband, former NHL star Mike Comrie is investigated by police for 'raping a woman at his Los Angeles home'  Tallia Storm borrows from the Seventies as she flaunts her taut abs in chic hippy coord while joining a bevy of stars at glitzy pre-LFW bash Quick change artist: Blake Lively switches up her style for second show during New York Fashion Week She went from flirty in floral Braless Emily Ratajkowski shows off her perky assets and enviable abs in racy crop top with sexy secretary style skirt at Michael Kors show   'Sassy!': Blac Chyna sizzles in sheer red dress which leaves little to the imagination in racy Instagram snap An eye-popping display  Not runway ready! Sara Sampaio is makeup-free and wearing odd blue coat as she heads to a show for New York Fashion Week . Sylvester Stallone's model daughter Sistine, 18, makes an elegant fashion fan in a little navy dress as she attends Michael Kors' runway show at NYFW She sure shakes it up! Bella Thorne is spotted grabbing a healthy lunch with a mystery man in LA after being linked to Sam Pepper One last workout! Kim Kardashian hits the gym ahead of husband Kanye West's comeback show at New York Fashion Week  Brooke Burke-Charvet, 45, shows off her super-fit physique in a bandeau bikini as she shares a steamy kiss with husband David in St. Barts Moment 'smirking' X Factor winner James Arthur is smashed over the head with a pint glass by a thug who had just discovered he'd slept with his girlfriend  Kanye West heads to Yeezy Season Five presentation at NYFW... following 'disastrous' show last fall Grunge-inspired Ashley James rocks a quirky bomber and chunky boots as she heads out in London with pal Charlotte de Carle Prue Leith CONFIRMS she's up for Mary Berry's job on  GBBO... as the saucy 13-year affair she had with her mum's best friend's husband is revealed Ruffling feathers? Make-up free Billie Piper opts for a low-key look as she faces off against a swan Family time Her crown jewels! Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks regally racy as she flaunts her ample chest in VERY revealing gown on the set of The Royals They could be sisters! Kate Upton, 24, joins forces with Christie Brinkley, 63, to plug Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue on Today 'Love of my life!': Rosario Dawson and comedian Eric Andre reveal they are dating in a series of sweet snaps on Valentine's Day Fresh as a daisy! Catherine Zeta Jones, 47, flaunts her tiny waist in a floral dress at Feud event in New York  She always exudes elegance Courtney Stodden puts on a busty display in plunging top as she spends Valentine's Day with celebrity surgeon who dated Heather Locklear 'I was born in BEIRUT!' Keanu Reeves slams Alison Hammond as she quizzes him about his Essex roots... despite him telling her he has never been  'Happy mom, happy life!': Mila Kunis wears statement top in LA as it's revealed she 'made out with' Ashton Kutcher during recent date night Hilary Duff and new beau Matthew Koma celebrated V-Day in Costa Rica... as her ex faces rape charges Stayed at lavish resort 'Life is about to get crazy!': Country star Thomas Rhett discovers wife is pregnant just as they adopt African baby Announced the news on social media  'Your girl fell in love with me': The Weeknd taunts Justin Bieber in new song as he continues to romance the Sorry singer's ex Selena Gomez Giving us the shoulder! Orange Is The New Black star Laverne Cox dazzles in sexy black dress as she talks new CBS show Doubt Chic and sophisticated 'Who thought a high functioning sociopath could be so popular?' Benedict's delight as Sherlock is voted the world's favourite BBC TV character  Someone making you smile? Chloe Lewis flashes a coy grin as she heads out to film for TOWIE... after revealing new romance with mystery beau RA boss Neil Portnow says Grammys don't have 'race problem' and claims Kanye skipped show due to 'medical concerns' Still feeling the love! Denzel Washington and wife of 33 years Pauletta have a ball at Lakers game on Valentine's Day Alex Mytton makes up with girlfriend Lottie Moss following Valentine's fallout as they cosy up during day in New York 'I went through every phase - too skinny, too fat!': Christie Brinkley, 63, appears on Today with daughters to talk body image Talked haters Liv Tyler wraps up warm in a chic navy coat as she goes arm-in-arm with her fiancé Dave Gardner in Paris Celebrating Valentine's Day in style  Victoria's Secret model Josephine Skriver flaunts her impeccably toned abs and eye-popping cleavage in sizzling swimwear campaign Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 13326 141 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Drone taxis? Dubai plans roll out of self-flying pods Middle East city eyes Chinese-made drones to fly people across its skies. Post to Facebook Drone taxis? Dubai plans roll out of self-flying pods Middle East city eyes Chinese-made drones to fly people across its skies.   Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2l7Litf {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 10 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Drone taxis? Dubai plans roll out of self-flying pods Today in the Sky Ben Mutzabaugh , USA TODAY Published 11:56 a.m. ET Feb. 13, 2017 | Updated 3:35 p.m. ET Feb. 13, 2017 141 Shares FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn A look at the 'EHang 184' passenger drone  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. A model of the EHang 184 autonomous aerial vehicle is displayed at the World Government Summit 2017 in Dubai on Feb. 13, 2017.  AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen A model of the EHang 184 autonomous aerial vehicle is displayed at the World Government Summit 2017 in Dubai on Feb. 13, 2017.  AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen A model of the EHang 184 autonomous aerial vehicle is displayed at the World Government Summit 2017 in Dubai on Feb. 13, 2017.  AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen A model of the EHang 184 autonomous aerial vehicle is displayed at the World Government Summit 2017 in Dubai on Feb. 13, 2017.  AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen A model of the EHang 184 autonomous aerial vehicle is displayed at the World Government Summit 2017 in Dubai on Feb. 13, 2017.  AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen A model of the EHang 184 autonomous aerial vehicle is displayed at the World Government Summit 2017 in Dubai on Feb. 13, 2017.  Kamran Jebreili, AP Fullscreen A model of EHang 184 and the next generation of Dubai Drone Taxi is seen during the second day of the World Government Summit in Dubai on Feb. 13, 2017.  Kamran Jebreili, AP Fullscreen The EHang 184 autonomous aerial vehicle is unveiled at the EHang booth at CES International on Jan. 6, 2016, in Las Vegas. The drone is large enough to fit a human passenger.  John Locher, AP Fullscreen The EHang 184 autonomous aerial vehicle is unveiled at the EHang booth at CES International on Jan. 6, 2016, in Las Vegas. The drone is large enough to fit a human passenger.  Mike Nelson, EPA Fullscreen The EHang 184 autonomous aerial vehicle is unveiled at the EHang booth at CES International on Jan. 6, 2016, in Las Vegas. The drone is large enough to fit a human passenger.  Mike Nelson, EPA Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 10 2 of 10 3 of 10 4 of 10 5 of 10 6 of 10 7 of 10 8 of 10 9 of 10 10 of 10 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide There’s been lots of talk in recent years about self-driving cars. Now, it appears as if self-flying passenger drones are next -- and they could flying in one major city as soon as this July. That’s according to a plan revealed Monday in Dubai, where the head of the Dubai Roads and Transportation Authority said it wants to develop passenger-carrying drones as a way to move people around the United Arab Emirates’ biggest city. Officials said flights could begin in July, though few other details were offered. The Associated Press reports the drone type being pursued for Dubai’s passenger service is the Chinese-made EHang 184, “an egg-shaped craft with four legs sticking out, each with two small propellers.” FULL REPORT: Up, up and away: Passenger-carrying drone to fly in Dubai How would it work? A rider would add a destination on a touch screen in front of the passenger seat. From there, the drone would lift off and “automatically” fly to the passengers’ destination.  AP says the EHang 184 drone has a battery life that allows for 30 minutes of flying and could cover about 30 miles. The drones can handle a flier and a small bag weighing up to a combined total of 220 pounds. IN PICTURES: 30 cool aviation photos FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn September's #avgeek photo gallery  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. A Boeing Dreamlifter takes off from Paine Field in Everett, Wash., on Sept. 3, 2014.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A restored P-51 World War II fighter takes off for a flight demonstration at the Oshkosh Airventure Airshow in Oshkosh, Wis., on July 21, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Silhouetted by the setting sun, an American Airlines Boeing 757-200 taxis to the gate at SeaTac International in August 2014.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A restored B17 World War II-era bomber takes off on a golden hour sortie from the Oshkosh Airventure Airshow in Oshkosh, Wis., on July 20, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Celebrating German children's book author Janosch, a flying bear graces the side of a Condor Boeing 767-300. The livery helps support the German relief fund BILD hilft e.V. – A Heart for Children.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Condor Boeing 767-300 receives some tender loving care at the company maintenance hangar in Frankfurt on Sept. 17, 2014.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Korean Air's first 747-8i is seen ahead of a Aug. 25, 2015, delivery ceremony in Everett, Wash.  Boeing Fullscreen Chefs inside the China Pacific Catering facility outside of Taipei, Taiwan, assemble salads for business-class customers aboard China Airlines flights scheduled for Dec. 2, 2014.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Final touches complete, a chef inside the sprawling China Pacific Catering facility outside Taipei, Taiwan, shows off a finished first-class appetizer on Dec. 2, 2014.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Four T6 Texans with the Aeroshell aerobatic team perform for the crowds at the Oshkosh Airventure Airshow in Oshkosh, Wis., on July 20, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Returning from fighting a fire in northeastern Washington State, a DC-10 air tanker prepares to land in Moses Lake, Wash., on Aug. 22, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Airbus' new A350 XWB passenger jet performs for thousands on July 22, 2015 at the Oshkosh Airventure Airshow in Oshkosh, Wis.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Colors mix with angles on a vintage aircraft at the Oshkosh Airventure Airshow in Oshkosh, Wis., on July 20, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Repositioning for a fill-up of fire retardant, a Convair 580 taxis down the ramp at the US Forest Service Air Tanker Base in Moses Lake, Wash., on Aug. 23, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Mechanics work on the engine of a Boeing 747 inside of China Airlines' sprawling maintenance hangar in Taoyuan, Taiwan, on Dec. 3, 2014.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Mooney Acclaim Type S rests on a rural Wisconsin airstrip as the sun sets on July 19, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Balancing on one wheel, a souped-up Agcat wows the crowd at the Oshkosh Airventure Airshow in Oshkosh, Wis., on July 21, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The waters of Lake Winnebago in eastern Wisconsin reflect on the aluminum wing of a restored Ford TriMotor on July 22, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The upgraded "Kosmo Suite" first-class seats on Korean Air's first Boeing 747-8i.  Boeing Fullscreen An extremely rare Beech Starship takes off for a flight display at the Oshkosh Airventure Airshow in Oshkosh, Wis., on July 21, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Mount Rainier creates a gorgeous scene from onboard an American Airlines Airbus A321 on Aug. 4, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Ready to depart on a red-eye flight to Miami, an American Airlines Boeing 737-800 is loaded with luggage at Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport on Aug. 4, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Eagle Embraer 145 jet takes off from Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport on Aug. 5, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Its interior gutted to save weight, a DC-10 air tanker rests between firefighting sorties at the US Forest Service Air Tanker Base in Moses Lake, Wash., on Aug. 22, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Formerly a eco-test aircraft for Boeing, this former Delta Air Lines Boeing 757 is seen being scrapped at Moses Lake, Wash., on Aug. 23, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A unique Bombardier water-scooping firefighter airplane returns to Grant County International Airport in Moses Lake, Wash., on Aug. 23, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Suction hose deployed, an Erickson Air Crane firefighting helicopter takes on another load of water from Lake Chelan, destined for the nearby Chelan Complex fire burning in north-central Washington State on Aug. 23, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's KC-46 tanker prototype returns to Boeing Field in Seattle after a test flight on Aug. 29, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A small private Cessna takes off for an early evening flight at the Oshkosh Airventure Airshow in Oshkosh, Wis., on July 20, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A dishwasher inside the China Pacific Catering Services facility outside of Taipei, Taiwan, checks for smudges on Dec. 2, 2014.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 30 2 of 30 3 of 30 4 of 30 5 of 30 6 of 30 7 of 30 8 of 30 9 of 30 10 of 30 11 of 30 12 of 30 13 of 30 14 of 30 15 of 30 16 of 30 17 of 30 18 of 30 19 of 30 20 of 30 21 of 30 22 of 30 23 of 30 24 of 30 25 of 30 26 of 30 27 of 30 28 of 30 29 of 30 30 of 30 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide The Roads & Transportation Authority says the drones would be monitored remotely from a ground-based control room. “There's no option to take control of the (EHang)184 remotely,” adds The Daily Mail of London. “The cockpit is empty, apart from a stand to place a smartphone or tablet and a cup holder.” George Yan, co-founder of Ehang, spoke to the Daily Mail in 2016 after the 184 was unveiled in Las Vegas. “You know how it feels to sit in a Ferrari? This is 10 times better,” Yan, said to the Daily Mail. “Everything is calculated in the backend to pick the most optimal route for you, so there is no collision with the other drones flying,” Yan added to the newspaper. “On the drone itself we have built pretty sophisticated back up services so if another system fails then another will take over.” Dubai’s plans for the EHang 184 were unveiled during the World Government Summit being held there. "This is not only a model," Mattar al-Tayer, head of Dubai's Roads and Transportation Authority, told AP. "We have actually experimented with this vehicle flying in Dubai's skies." Stay tuned (and buckle-up) … TWITTER: You can follow Today in the Sky editor Ben Mutzabaugh at twitter.com/TodayInTheSky World's strangest-looking airplane? A closer look at the Airbus 'Beluga' FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn A look at the Airbus 'Beluga' super transport aircraft  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. An Airbus Beluga at Airbus' assembly line facilities in Blagnac, France, on April 28, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A photo provided by Airbus shows one of its 'Beluga' A300-600ST transport planes.  Airbus Fullscreen An Airbus Beluga is towed at Airbus' assembly line facilities in Blagnac, France, on April 28, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A bird flies past the nose of an Airbus Beluga aircraft, loaded with wings, as it takes off from the Airbus wing assembly factory in Broughton, United Kingdom, on Nov. 7, 2013.  Christopher Furlong, Getty Images Fullscreen An Airbus Beluga aircraft is loaded with wings at the Airbus wing assembly factory Broughton, United Kingdom, on Nov. 7, 2013.  Christopher Furlong, Getty Images Fullscreen An Airbus Beluga at Airbus' assembly line facilities in Blagnac, France, on April 28, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A bird flies past the nose of an Airbus Beluga aircraft, loaded with wings, as it takes off from the Airbus wing assembly factory in Broughton, United Kingdom, on Nov. 7, 2013.  Christopher Furlong, Getty Images Fullscreen A bird flies past the nose of an Airbus Beluga aircraft, loaded with wings, as it takes off from the Airbus wing assembly factory in Broughton, United Kingdom, on Nov. 7, 2013.  Christopher Furlong, Getty Images Fullscreen This image provided by Airbus shows a Beluga aircraft.  Airbus Fullscreen An Airbus Beluga is towed at Airbus' assembly line facilities in Blagnac, France, on April 28, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen This photo provide by Airbus shows a Beluga being loaded with cargo.  Airbus Fullscreen A photo provided by Airbus shows one of its 'Beluga' A300-600ST transport planes.  Airbus Fullscreen An Airbus Beluga at Airbus' assembly line facilities in Blagnac, France, on April 28, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The first Airbus Beluga performed its first flight on Sept. 13, 1994, and subsequently entered service in January 1996.  Airbus Fullscreen The first vertical tail fin for China Southern Airlines’ initial A380 arrived at the A380 final assembly line in Toulouse, France, via a Beluga as seen in this 2010 photo provided by Airbus.  Airbus Fullscreen A photo provided by Airbus shows one of its 'Beluga' A300-600ST transport planes.  Airbus Fullscreen This image provided by Airbus shows its Beluga planes.  Airbus Fullscreen An Airbus Beluga at Airbus' assembly line facilities in Blagnac, France, on April 28, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An Airbus Beluga at Airbus' assembly line facilities in Blagnac, France, on April 28, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An Airbus Beluga at Airbus' assembly line facilities in Hamburg, Germany, on April 29, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An Airbus Beluga at Airbus' assembly line facilities in Blagnac, France, on April 28, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An Airbus Beluga at Airbus' assembly line facilities in Hamburg, Germany, on April 29, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An Airbus Beluga is towed at Airbus' assembly line facilities in Blagnac, France, on April 28, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An Airbus Beluga at Airbus' assembly line facilities in Hamburg, Germany, on April 29, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen This photo provided by Airbus shows a Beluga in flight.  Airbus Fullscreen Crews prep a Beluga at Airbus' assembly line facilities in Blagnac, France, on April 28, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An Airbus Beluga at Airbus' assembly line facilities in Blagnac, France, on April 28, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An Airbus Beluga at Airbus' assembly line facilities in Blagnac, France, on April 28, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Crews prep a Beluga at Airbus' assembly line facilities in Blagnac, France, on April 28, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An Airbus Beluga is seen taxiing beyond commercial aircraft at the Toulouse–Blagnac Airport in France on April 29, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An Airbus Beluga at Airbus' assembly line facilities in Blagnac, France, on April 28, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen This photo provide by Airbus shows a Beluga being loaded with cargo.  Airbus Fullscreen An Airbus Beluga at Airbus' assembly line facilities in Hamburg, Germany, on April 29, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An Airbus Beluga at Airbus' assembly line facilities in Hamburg, Germany, on April 29, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An Airbus Beluga at Airbus' assembly line facilities in Blagnac, France, on April 28, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An Airbus Beluga at Airbus' assembly line facilities in Hamburg, Germany, on April 29, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A photo provided by Airbus shows one of its 'Beluga' A300-600ST transport planes.  Airbus Fullscreen This photo provided by Airbus shows a Beluga in flight.  Airbus Fullscreen A photo provided by Airbus shows one of its 'Beluga' A300-600ST transport planes.  Airbus Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 39 2 of 39 3 of 39 4 of 39 5 of 39 6 of 39 7 of 39 8 of 39 9 of 39 10 of 39 11 of 39 12 of 39 13 of 39 14 of 39 15 of 39 16 of 39 17 of 39 18 of 39 19 of 39 20 of 39 21 of 39 22 of 39 23 of 39 24 of 39 25 of 39 26 of 39 27 of 39 28 of 39 29 of 39 30 of 39 31 of 39 32 of 39 33 of 39 34 of 39 35 of 39 36 of 39 37 of 39 38 of 39 39 of 39 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide A model of the EHang 184 autonomous aerial vehicle is displayed at the World Government Summit 2017 in Dubai on Feb. 13, 2017.  (Photo: AFP/Getty Images) Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2l7Litf Most Popular How much is the Biltmore House worth? 3.9k Shares Canadian school board bans student trips to U.S. 2.8k Shares Buyer beware: Ensuring vacation rentals are up to snuff 35 Shares Eight hotels that look like they belong in the future American Eagle regional jet hits deer on takeoff, returns to airport Disney announces new nighttime shows, Pandora opening 1.3k Shares
In These Times With liberty and justice for all... RSS Facebook Twitter ▼ POLITICS ACT LOCALLY LABOR CULTURE VIDEO CURRENT ISSUE Contributors SUBSCRIBE DONATE About Us Contact Us Free Newsletters HOME POLITICS CNN’s New Book Is a Master Class in How Not to Cover an Election Keith Ellison and Bernie Sanders: How To Remake the Democratic Party Here’s What’s More Troubling About Rex Tillerson Than His Ties to Putin Tom Geoghegan: 4 Things We the People Can Do About Our Unjust Voting System and a President Trump Trump Can’t Follow Through on His Promises—And Will Need A Scapegoat ACT LOCALLY Indivisible: The Left Group Shaking Up Congress From the Grassroots From the Cold War to Clinton: How Liberals and Conservatives Have Separated Race From Class Interviews for the Resistance: Live From the Spontaneous Protests at JFK Airport Trump’s Crackdown on Dissent Begins: More Than 200 Inauguration Protesters Hit With Felony Charges With Donald Trump as President, Americans Are Flocking to Socialism LABOR DOJ: To Address “Defective” Accountability System, Chicago Must Renegotiate Police Union Contracts Attacked by Trump and Ignored by Democrats: Chuck Jones on Labor’s Fight A Deal with the Orange Devil? Progressives Debate Whether to Seek Common Ground With Trump The Android Manifesto: Finding Marx in Westworld On Inauguration Day, Don’t Go to Work. Don’t Buy Anything. We Need A National Strike to Stop Trump. CULTURE How Today’s White Middle Class Was Made Possible By Welfare The New York Times Missed Trump’s Biggest Lie George Saunders’ New Novel Follows Abraham Lincoln’s Son to a Buddhist Afterlife Don’t Be Fooled By the Trump Spat—The CIA Is Not Your Friend Meet the Folkestones VIDEO MAGAZINE SUBSCRIBE GIVE A GIFT CURRENT ISSUE ARCHIVES CUSTOMER SERVICE DONATE Tweet Email Print Email this article to a friend your email your name recipient(s) email (comma separated) message captcha Tuesday, Feb 14, 2017, 12:14 pm Boeing Workers Face “Constant Barrage of Misinformation” Ahead of Union Vote BY Mario Vasquez Share TweetReddit0 StumbleUpon0EmailPrint Email this article to a friend your email your name recipient(s) email (comma separated) message captcha Anti-union sentiment runs high in South Carolina, where union membership is just 1.6 percent—the lowest in the nation. (Travis Dove/Bloomberg via Getty Images)   Workers at Boeing’s aircraft plant in South Carolina are voting Wednesday on whether to join a union, capping a multi-year campaign. The road to victory will not be easy. Anti-union sentiment runs high in South Carolina, where union membership is just 1.6 percent—the lowest in the nation. The state is also “right-to-work,” which means members are not required to pay for the costs associated with representation. The campaign is being run by the International Association of Machinists (IAM) and involves some 3,000 Boeing workers in North Charleston, South Carolina. In 2015, IAM cancelled a vote, citing “an atmosphere of threats, harassment and unprecedented political interference.” Since a new election was scheduled last month, Boeing workers who spoke to In These Times say that Boeing has been unrelenting in its opposition to the union. “It’s just a constant barrage—any opportunity they’ve had, they’ve hit us with [an] anti-union message,” says Randy Toler, a worker. Boeing did not respond immediately to a request to comment. “A normal day consists of, you go to work, you’ll hear something anti-union at your morning meeting, there will be some [literature] handed out, so when you take your breaks in the break area they've got the TVs running and they play anti-union commercials throughout the day, and you top that off when you get home. You've got the [anti-union] commercials, radio and TV, and then you check your mailbox and you've got [anti-union literature] in your mailbox,” says Elliott Slater, another worker. One prominent example of the company’s anti-union campaign was a recent breakroom display of $800 worth of diapers and children’s clothes. As Toler explains, “They’re trying to say, ‘This represents your [annual] union dues. You can buy all this stuff had you not paid union dues.’ My response back to that is why don’t they show you the house that you would have been able to make a down payment on because you would have gotten higher wages because you belong to the union?” Coincidentally, $800 is about the difference in monthly wages between union and nonunion workers nationwide, according to a recent report by the Bureau of Labor Statistics. “I would gladly pay my union dues to be able to make a better life,” says Toler. Boeing’s overt anti-union campaigning is paired with “whisper campaigns,” which is “something that gets told to a small group of employees, possibly from their manager or somebody, and kind of catches fire and becomes factual and we have to spend a lot of time reeling that back to get the truth out and the facts,” says Mike Evans, lead IAM organizer. “A lot of times it just comes in very lightly and gets into the drinking water and causes the campaign a lot of trouble.” These whisper campaigns, along with the very public anti-union statements made by local and state politicians, are what helped tank the 2015 election. “Last time, there was a lot of discussion that the plant would close for three months just to plan to negotiate with the IAM,” says Evans. “You’re never going to find that in writing anywhere. You’re never going to see that in an e-mail blast from the vice-president or management. You’re never going to see that, but it’s just something that they bring out to threaten the workers with.” The anti-union activity at Boeing has some workers worried that IAM’s current effort will come down to just a few votes. “A month ago, I would have said we had a small majority of people that were going to vote in favor of the union and I was pretty confident about it, but now my confidence is eroding,” says Toler. “I think it’s just due to that constant barrage of misinformation that we’re getting hit with. It’s almost generational here. The younger people are more strongly against it.” “I remember my father being in the union and seeing how people were paid and how the middle-class families were better off as a result of being in unions. I remember that. And the younger folks don’t have that connection,” Toler says. But Evans says that IAM has a “much more robust campaign, as far as support goes” compared to its previous effort because the situation at Boeing has not improved since 2015. “The workers here are somewhere around 30 percent to 36 percent, on average, below their counterparts of the same tenure in Washington [state], but then Boeing keeps telling these people that they’re getting a fair shake,” Evans says. “Their attacks on the workers, you know, is ‘well, you’re getting paid pretty well for the area,’ but we’re talking about an industry that carries a lot of wealth for people—making a lot of people rich.” Never has independent journalism mattered more. Help hold power to account: Subscribe to In These Times magazine, or make a tax-deductible donation to fund this reporting. Mario Vasquez Mario Vasquez is a writer from southern California. He is a regular contributor to Working In These Times. Follow him on Twitter @mario_vsqz or email him at [email protected] More by Mario Vasquez Boeing Workers Face “Constant Barrage of Misinformation” Ahead of Union Vote Southern California SEIU Caucuses Call On AFL-CIO to Kick Out Police Union BREAKING—One Bourbon, One Strike and No Fear: Jim Beam Workers Win a Better Contract No Justice, No Peeps! Workers Walk Off the Job At Pennsylvania Peeps Factory California Farmworkers Win Equal Overtime: “This Bill Corrects 78 Years of Discrimination” View Comments I profited 104,000 thousand dollars last year by freelancing online and I did that by work­ing part time f­o­r 3 or sometimes more h every day. I followed an earning model I found on-line and I am thrilled that i earned so much extra income. It's really beginner-friendly a­n­d I am just so grateful that I found out about it. Here’s what I did... STATICTAB.COM/gpfvgtj Posted by [email protected] on 2017-02-15 00:43:53 About this Blog "Working In These Times" is dedicated to providing independent and incisive coverage of the labor movement and the struggles of workers to obtain safe, healthy and just workplaces. more Working In These Times Contributors David Moberg Rose Arrieta David Bacon Kari Lydersen Michelle Chen Stephen Franklin Steve Early Bruce Vail Joe Burns Mario Vasquez Yana Kunichoff Moshe Z. Marvit Rachel Luban Shaun Richman Jeremy Gantz Get the Latest News & Updates Online Form - Working Subscribe now and receive 12 monthly issues for just $20.00—that's 53% off the cover price, or just $1.67 per issue Subscribe Now Recent Working ITT Posts BREAKING—Andrew Puzder, Trump’s Pick for Labor Secretary, Is Out The Volkswagen Defeat Wasn’t Inevitable—and Labor Can Still Win in the South Boeing Workers Face “Constant Barrage of Misinformation” Ahead of Union Vote Early Optimism Crushed in Maryland’s Fight for $15 “Salting” Built the Labor Movement—It Can Help Rebuild It, Too Groundbreaking Bill in Illinois Would Give Temp Workers Equal Pay and Rights as Direct Hires Chicago Is Failing to Enforce Its $10.50 Minimum Wage How to Keep Unions Strong Under “Right-to-Work” The GOP’s National Right to Work Bill Is a Smokescreen—The Threat Is What Comes Next 5 Reasons Why a Federal Job Guarantee Makes Sense In These Times ABOUT US NEWSLETTERS/RSS CONTACT US REPRINTS ARCHIVES SUBMISSIONS DONATE LEAVE A LEGACY SPONSORSHIPS ADVERTISE PRESS PRIVACY POLICY SUBSCRIBE GIVE A GIFT INTERNSHIPS/JOBS INVESTIGATIVE INSTITUTE COPYRIGHT ©2016 IN THESE TIMES AND THE INSTITUTE FOR PUBLIC AFFAIRS. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. U.S. + International Business Stocks post best winning streak in 25 years World Access Companies Car News Interactives Trumponomics Trump Inc. CNNMoney Sport Player ROI Who is..? CNNMoney Investigates American Opportunity 5 Stunning Stats Growing India The Feed Markets Stocks post best winning streak in 25 years Investing Economy Buzz Fed Focus ETF Center Premarkets Market Movers Dow 30 After-Hours World Markets America's Debt & the Economy Before the Bell New Investor Investing Guide Fear & Greed Tech Microsoft unveils new, nicer chat bot Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Powering Your World Upstarts Innovative Cities Unhackable 15 Questions Media Personal Finance State retirement plans could be over before they start Save Spend Ahead Wheels Real Estate Careers Millennials & Money Your Money Homes Calculators Money Moves 24 Hours With Money Essentials My Watch List Loan Center Small Biz 'We are entrepreneurs, professors, scientists, artists' Startups Empire Women Entrepreneurs Luxury Pagani reveals $2.4 million convertible Style Away Rare Drive Wealth Rich Quiz The Collector A Gentleman's Guide Millionaire Calculator Log In Log Out Big union vote coming at Boeing plant that Trump may visit by Chris Isidore   @CNNMoney February 14, 2017: 2:01 PM ET Boeing shoots a plane into the air like a rocket One of the most important union votes in decades is set to take place Wednesday at the Boeing plant in South Carolina. A win for the Machinists union, which wants to represent nearly 3,000 workers at the new plant, would be a rare victory for labor in the South. Manufacturers have been drawn to the region because unions are much less common there than in the North. That's why Boeing spent billions to open its newest plant in North Charleston. Its aim was to have a non-union facility. The plant will get additional attention this week. President Donald Trump plans to visit the plant on Friday, White House spokesman Sean Spicer said Tuesday. Trump has clashed with Boeing on the cost of the new Air Force One. And his criticism of the Iran nuclear deal has placed an $8 billion sale of Boeing jets to Iran Air at risk. Related: Trump move on Iran could cost jobs at Boeing But the Machinists, which represents most of the factory workers at Boeing, won the right to have a vote to unionize the South Carolina facility. A win would give the union even more leverage over Boeing in talks, preventing it from continuing production of its 787 Dreamliner jet during a strike at unionized plants. A union loss would further encourage other manufacturers to open union-free plants in the South. A union win Wednesday "won't be a turnaround for their labor movement. But it'd be a major step forward," said Gary Chaison, professor of industrial relations and labor historian at Clark University. "Just having enough support to hold an election is a very big deal. I think most of the workers at the Boeing plant had a predisposition to vote against the union." But Chaison said it's still an uphill fight -- about 40% to 50% of organizing votes fail, he said. South Carolina has the lowest share of unionized workers of any state -- less than 2%. When Boeing moved to open the South Carolina plant, the company said it wanted to assure customers of the 787 Dreamliner, which is built there, that strikes wouldn't upset its production schedule. Workers assemble 787 Dreamliner jets at Boeing plant in South Carolina. The union filed an unfair labor practice, seeking to shut the plant before it even opened in 2011. The Obama administration's labor board sided with the union, arguing that Boeing was trying to punish workers for past strikes by opening a non-union plant in South Carolina instead of Washington. Before the labor board made a final decision, the union and Boeing reached a deal and the union dropped its complaint. Now the fight is on again. The South Carolina workers who want union representation say their unionized peers in Washington earn about $10 an hour more than they do. The top wage in Washington for the most common job category is $36 an hour, while it tops out at $22 an hour in South Carolina, according to Mike Evans, a union organizer. "Do your children deserve as much as the children of Boeing children in Seattle?" said a union blog post to employees in South Carolina. For its part, Boeing says pay scales are driven by wages in the local market, and that the South Carolina plant already pays better wages than a union-represented Boeing plant in Alabama. The company has warned workers they may be forced to go on strike against their wishes if the union comes in. Related: Boeing pitches China facility as Trump-friendly "The [Machinists union] has actively worked to prevent the success of Boeing South Carolina from the beginning of the operation here," the company said. "We have developed a culture of working together. This site doesn't have a union, and it doesn't need one." Boeing (BA) has been cutting back on jobs -- employment in its commercial aircraft division is down about 8,000, or nearly 10%, in the last year. But many of those cuts have come from lines building narrow-body jets, not the 787. The battle between Boeing and the union won't end with Wednesday's vote. If it loses, the union could try for another vote in a year. If it wins, it would then start trying to negotiate a contract with Boeing to cover the South Carolina workers. That would probably be a contentious process. --CNN's Jeff Zeleny contributed to this report. CNNMoney (New York) First published February 14, 2017: 8:35 AM ET Social Surge - What's Trending Businesses rally in support of #ADayWithoutImmigrants The Muay Thai brand using social media to take the fight to its rivals $4 million Lamborghini supercars recalled after fires Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 CNNMoney Sponsors NextAdvisor Paid Partner Transferring credit card balances to a 21-month 0% APR is ingenious 7 outrageous credit cards if you have excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived Partner Offers Paid Partner Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2017 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
CLOSE Home SC Nikki Haley DC Biz Globe USA Sports Events Thursday, February 16, 2017 Make Contact Home SC “Coastal Kickback” Ethics Case Delayed S.C. House District 70 Special Election Information Veterans’ Group Launches Campaign To Protect SC Political Speech S.C. Rep. Joe Neal Dies Lieutenant Governor Jenny Sanford? AllNikki Haley DC Warmonger John McCain Attacks Mick Mulvaney Donald Trump’s Labor Pick Withdraws Robert Romano: Mike Flynn Felled By Barack Obama “Witch Hunt” Mark Sanford’s #NeverTrump Tax Hypocrisy Donald Trump’s National Security Advisor Resigns Biz Boeing Workers Reject Union “Trumphoria:” Retail Is On Fire Donald Trump’s Challenge: Making Men Work Again SC Gas Prices Holding Robert Romano: America’s Lost Decade Globe D.C. Operative: Who Is “In The Tank” For Russia? Donald Trump’s Blunt Truth On American Killers Make France Great Again! Nikki Haley Blasts Russia – Erroneously Republican Who Empowered Iran’s Nuclear Program Now Feigns Anger USA California’s Conundrum: Core Functions Languish Amid Immigration Excesses Ron Paul: Repeal Obamacare’s Abortion Mandates Renunciation Nation Donald Trump’s Wall: Cost Estimates Rise A Liberal “Tea Party?” Sports Super Bowl Shocker! Gamecock Football Gets $5 Million Gift Clemson Falls To Virginia Tech Gamecock Football Loses Top Recruit Gamecock Hoops: First Conference Loss Events Events: Defund Planned Parenthood Rally Trey Gowdy Participating In Free Speech Event SC Foothills Heritage Fair Underway SC Calendar: Balloon Fix GOP “Liberty” Caucus Hosting Convention SC More On Donald Trump’s South Carolina Visit By FITS - February 13, 2017 1581 SHARE Facebook Twitter WHITE HOUSE CONFIRMS DETAILS OF PRESIDENTIAL TRIP TO BOEING FACILITY IN NORTH CHARLESTON … U.S. president Donald Trump will indeed pay a visit to North Charleston, S.C. on Friday morning, White House sources have confirmed to FITSNews. Trump’s visit – detailed earlier this week by reporter David Wren of The (Charleston, S.C.) Post and Courier – has been confirmed as a product unveiling ceremony at the Boeing manufacturing facility in North Charleston, S.C., according to our sources. Boeing’s South Carolina plant is rolling out the first Dreamliner 787-10 this Friday morning (February 17).   An extended length version of its next-generation, composite fiber passenger airliner, the plane is rumored to be the most fuel-efficient passenger plane in the world. As of this writing, there are 154 orders from nine customers for the $300 million jet – which is 224-feet long and can seat approximately 330 passengers.  The original Dreamliner – the 787-8 – is 186-feet long and can seat approximately 242 passengers. According to our sources, the unveiling ceremony in North Charleston will be a private event with attendance limited to Boeing employees – the same employees who would have voted less than forty-eight hours previously on whether to join the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers (IAM) union. Our sources say the union is unlikely to win that election, which is being overseen by the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB). Trump will appear onstage alongside S.C. governor Henry McMaster and Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg, we’re told.  He will have a private meeting with McMaster at some point during the trip, although details of that confab were not immediately available. McMaster owes his position to Trump, who appointed former S.C. governor Nikki Haley as his ambassador to the United Nations – clearing the way for the 69-year-old politician to ascend to the office he’s long-coveted. Trump’s South Carolina sources refused to comment on the details of the event, referring all inquiries back to the White House. Obviously this website has had a contentious relationship with Boeing over the years as we have sought to hold the company accountable for the $1 billion in taxpayer-provided incentives it has received from the Palmetto State over the last eight years (we oppose such government largesse on principle). Trump has sparred with Boeing, too, challenging the company’s cost estimates on its next Air Force One planes. (Banner via Boeing) *** TAGS Boeing Boeing North Charleston Dennis Muilenburg Donald Trump Dreamliner Dreamliner 787-10 Henry McMaster SHARE Facebook Twitter Previous articleHenry McMaster Hosting Major Fundraiser Next articleYale Puts PC Pressure On Clemson FITS RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Boeing Workers Reject Union Warmonger John McCain Attacks Mick Mulvaney Donald Trump’s Labor Pick Withdraws © Copyright 2012-2016 Fitsnews, LLC Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
Sections News Trump Weather Archives Obituaries Business Stocks Education Data Center NEPA 911 Health-Science Local History Gas Drilling Courts State Sports High School Penn State RailRiders Penguins Gameface Golf Motorsports Wildlife Varsity570 Lifestyles studentartists Calendar Life events Food and wine 10 things Mothers Home and Garden On The Record Crossword Times Traveler My Town Scranton Dunmore Abingtons Downvalley Midvalley Upvalley N. Pocono Wayne Wyoming Susquehanna Opinion Editorials & Columns Letters Submit Letter Cole Cartoon Blog Blogs Chris Kelly Blog John Cole Cartoons High School Sports Penn State RailRiders Photo Blog Local History The Borys Blog WildLife Blog Contact Print Subscription Print Advertising NIE Press Pass Classifieds Classifieds NEPAAutoSource Real Estate Jobs Shopping Circulars Coupons Marketplace Smart Subscribe ALL ACCESS SUBSCRIPTION A Scranton Times-Tribune All Access subscription gets you complete access to both our print and digital publications, delivered to your home, desktop and mobile devices 7 days a week Subscribe to home delivery Digital Only Subscription Read the digital SMART Edition of The Times-Tribune on your PC or mobile device, and have 24/7 access to breaking news, local sports, contests, and more at thetimes-tribune.com or on our mobile apps. Digital Services Have news alerts sent to your mobile device, read the Smart Edition sign up for daily newsletters, activate your all access, enter contests, take quizzes, download our mobile apps and see the latest e-circulars. Contact Us   Manage your subscription, update your subscriber information, see frequently asked questions or request customer service support. Sign In News • Sports • Lifestyles • Obituaries • Opinion • Contact • Classifieds • Marketplace • Smart Protectionism’s fallacies Register to win a FREE 1 Hour Massage! Let The Times-Tribune Help Out with Groceries This Month!​ Enter your pet in the 2017 Cutest Pet Contest! This month's coupons from local merchants Press Pass Become a VIP Subscriber! Click for businesses offering discounts to Press Pass Subscribers. (read more) Most Read Recent Comments Police charge 10 in NY-NEPA drug ring Man charged with having sexual relationship with girl, 15 Reward for information on missing Old Forge man increased Two charged in South Scranton bank robbery Man admits hitting DPW working, fleeing scene Attorney fees in sewer sale top $3.1 million Commonwealth Health hiring 160 registered nurses, support staff High School Sports Blog Chris Kelly Blog: Christopher J. Kelly, is the Scranton Times-Tribune Columnist. My Town: Read and comment on news, sports, features and opinion from your local community: Court Notes: Complete listings of marriage licenses, property transactions, tax liens, estates filed News Flash: Get news alerts from the Times-Tribune on your mobile phone or in your email. Education Databases: Searchable databases on demographics, test scores, financial information and te BY GEORGE WILL / Published: February 13, 2017 Article Tools Font size – + Share This     WASHINGTON — At their post-Civil War apogee, 19th-century Republicans were the party of activist government, using protectionism to pick commercial winners and promising wondrous benefits from government’s deft interventions in economic life. Today, a Republican administration promises that wisely wielded Washington power can rearrange commercial activities in ways superior to those produced by private-sector calculations in free market transactions. According to the Financial Times, which interviewed him, Peter Navarro, head of the president’s National Trade Council, says an administration priority is “unwinding and repatriating the international supply chains on which many U.S. multinational companies rely.” This will make life interesting for, among many others, America’s third- and 24th-largest corporations, Apple and Boeing. The tiny print on the back of iPhones accurately says it is “assembled,” not manufactured, in China. The American Enterprise Institute’s James Pethokoukis notes that parts come from South Korea, Japan, Italy, Taiwan, Germany and the United States. Components of Boeing airliners’ wings come from Japan, South Korea and Australia; horizontal stabilizers and center fuselages from Italy; cargo access doors from Sweden; passenger entry doors from France; landing gear doors from Canada; engines and landing gear from Britain. Navarro’s “unwinding and repatriating” is, to say no more, part of an improbable project: making American greater by making Apple, Boeing and many other corporations much less efficient and less competitive. This will further slow economic growth, making even more unattainable the 4 percent (more than double the economy’s average growth this century) or higher growth that the administration says will enable it to spend $1 trillion on infrastructure (including a $15 billion or so wall on the Mexican border, begun after nearly a decade of net negative immigration from Mexico), while substantially increasing military spending, leaving entitlements unreformed and delivering enormous tax cuts. Cuts that, according to the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget (co-chaired by Republican Mitch Daniels and Democrat Leon Panetta, both former directors of the Office of Management and Budget), will reduce revenues by $5.8 trillion over 10 years. This, as the Congressional Budget Office projects that even without any of the administration’s proposed spending spree and tax cuts, under current law the national debt would increase by $9.4 trillion. Speaking of supply chains: In her book “The Travels of a T-Shirt in the Global Economy,” Georgetown University’s Pietra Rivoli recounts a conversation with a man from Shanghai who said that if she would come to China he would help her see various places involved in producing the inexpensive T-shirts exported to America. She would see where the yarn is spun, the fabric is knit and the shirts are sewn. Asked if she could see where the cotton is grown, the man from China said he could not show her that because the cotton probably is grown in “Teksa.” Rivoli spun a globe around to China and asked him to point to Teksa. “He took the globe and spun it back around the other way. ‘Here, I think it is grown here.’ I followed his finger. Patrick was pointing at Texas.” Today’s Republican administration promises protection against the destruction of American jobs by the Chinese, Mexicans and other foreigners. The really prolific destroyers are: Americans. As Reason’s John Tamny says, Americans streaming movies from Netflix (based in Los Gatos, Calif.) erase American jobs in movie theaters and DVD rental stores. Americans buying books from Seattle-based Amazon have caused many American bookstores to do what Borders’ (400 stores, 11,000 employees) did: disappear. Americans using San Francisco-based Uber destroy taxi drivers’ jobs. Evidently our protectors in the administration must believe this: The destruction of American jobs because Americans buy goods or services of some American companies rather than those of other American companies is benign. But the destruction of American jobs because Americans buy goods or services of foreign companies is intolerable. An administration confident about conducting interventions in the economy should demonstrate care when bandying numbers. But in defending the sensible idea of reducing government regulation of the financial sector, Gary Cohn, director of the president’s National Economic Council, said this would save “literally hundreds of billions of dollars of regulatory costs every year.” Former Treasury Secretary Larry Summers notes the implausibility: “Total bank profits last year were about $170 billion.” Deregulation will more than double profits? As today’s Republicans celebrate a protectionist administration that is confident that Washington’s superior wisdom can improve upon the market’s allocation of economic resources, Democrats must resent Republican plagiarism. Who will protect Americans from their protectors? GEORGE WILL writes for The Washington Post. georgewill@washpost.com. We welcome user discussion on our site, under the following guidelines: To comment you must first create a profile and sign-in with a verified DISQUS account or social network ID. Sign up here. Comments in violation of the rules will be denied, and repeat violators will be banned. Please help police the community by flagging offensive comments for our moderators to review. By posting a comment, you agree to our full terms and conditions. Click here to read terms and conditions. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus 149 Penn Ave. Scranton, PA 18503 1-800-228-4637 CONTACT US Copyright ©2017 The Scranton Times-Tribune PRIVACY POLICY | OPINION POSTING POLICY | ABOUT OUR ADS | Questions or comments? CONTACT US SUBSCRIBE HOME DELIVERY DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTIONS NEWSLETTERS ALERTS NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS LIFESTYLES BUSINESS OPINION CONTACT JOBS CLASSIFIEDS MARKETPLACE PLACE AN AD FIND SCRANTON JOBS Facebook Twitter      
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 225 9 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest United pilot’s ‘bizarre’ speech about her divorce, Trump spooks fliers off the plane Several passengers expressed concern about the woman’s mental stability. Post to Facebook United pilot’s ‘bizarre’ speech about her divorce, Trump spooks fliers off the plane Several passengers expressed concern about the woman’s mental stability.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2l71Hye {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 5 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs United pilot’s ‘bizarre’ speech about her divorce, Trump spooks fliers off the plane Today in the Sky Ben Mutzabaugh , USA TODAY Published 8:21 a.m. ET Feb. 13, 2017 | Updated 11:13 a.m. ET Feb. 13, 2017 9 Shares CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share On a United Airlines flight departing Austin, Texas, a pilot took over the intercom system complaining about the presidential election and her divorce. USA TODAY NETWORK United Airlines said it's investigating after one of its pilots took to a plane’s intercom system this past Saturday with a bizarre rant that spooked passengers and touched on Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton and her own divorce. The pilot boarded the plane dressed in street clothes, and her “long, bizarre speech” spooked more than a dozen passengers into leaving the aircraft, The Washington Post reports. United Airlines spokesman Charlie Hobart confirmed to The Associated Press the pilot wasn't in uniform when she boarded the plane Saturday. He said the carrier brought in a replacement pilot for the Austin-to-San Francisco flight, which ultimately was delayed by about two hours. Passengers on the flight shared details of the unusual incident on social media, posting commentary and even video of the pilot talking to passengers over the intercom system. Several passengers expressed concern about the woman’s mental stability. The fleet and hubs of United Airlines, by the numbers FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn The fleet and hubs of United Airlines  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. A United Airlines Boeing 787-8 taxies for departure at Denver International Airport in July 2013.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen This image provided by United shows the carrier's first Boeing 777-300ER widebody jet.  United Airlines/Tim Stake Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 737-700 taxies to the gate after arriving at Fukuoka Airport in Fukuoka, Japan, in January 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 737-800, painted in a special Star Alliance livery, takes off from Reagan National Airport in May 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Express Embraer E145 regional jet lands at Houston George Bush Intercontinental Airport in June 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Express Bombardier CRJ-700 regional jet lands at Houston George Bush Intercontinental Airport in June 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Express Embraer E170 jet prepares for departure from Chicago O'Hare International Airport in June 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 767-400 takes off from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in September 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen United Airlines jets line Terminal 7 at Los Angeles International Airport on Nov. 8, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 757-200 takes off from sunny Los Angeles International Airport in November 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Bombardier CRJ-200 lands at Reno-Tahoe Airport on Feb. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 737-900 rests at a gate at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on March 12, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Fresh spring foliage bids farewell to a United Express Embraer E170 as it departs Chicago O'Hare International Airport in April 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen United Express tails line a terminal pier at Chicago O'Hare International Airport in April 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen United Airlines jets taxi through Chicago O'Hare International Airport in April 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 767-300 lands at Amsterdam Schiphol Airport in August 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 767-300 lands at Amsterdam Schiphol Airport in August 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 787-9 takes off from Los Angeles International Airport on Sept. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 747-400 takes off from San Francisco International Airport in October 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 757-300 lands at San Francisco International Airport in October 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 747-400 lands at San Francisco International Airport in October 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 777-200 - painted in a special Star Alliance livery - lands at San Francisco International Airport in October 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Airbus A319 taxis at San Francisco International Airport in October 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 777-200 taxies for departure from Chicago O'Hare International Airport in November 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Airbus A320 departs Canada's Vancouver International Airport in December 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The new Polaris business-class cabin as seen on United Airlines' first Boeing 777-300ER widebody jet.  United Airlines Fullscreen Chicago's Oak Street Beach and downtown skyline are seen in this undated photo. Chicago is United's busiest hub (by passengers).  Patrick L. Pyszka, City of Chicago Fullscreen Chicago's skyline is seen as a United Airlines jet takes off from Chicago O'Hare on Sept. 19, 2014. In the distance is the Willis (Sears) Tower that's home to United's official headquarters.  Scott Olson, Getty Images Fullscreen An aerial view of the downtown Houston skyline from October 2014. Houston's Bush Intercontinental Airport is United's second-biggest hub (by passengers).  Kirby Lee, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen A United Boeing 787 Dreamliner takes off within view of the Houston skyline. Houston Bush Intercontinental is United's second-busiest hub (by passengers).  James Nielsen, AP Fullscreen The Manhattan skyline can be seen from Terminal C at Newark Liberty International Airport, which is United's third-busiest hub (by passengers).  Julio Cortez, AP Fullscreen Travelers ride on the AirTrain at Newark Liberty International Airport, which is United's third-busiest hub (by passengers).  Julio Cortez, AP Fullscreen The iconic roof structure at Denver International Airport, which is United's fourth-biggest hub (by passengers).  Arina Habich, Getty Images/iStockphoto Fullscreen A new 23-mile electric commuter rail line will link Denver's airport to downtown. Denver is United's fourth-biggest hub (by passengers).  Denver International Airport Fullscreen The Golden Gate Bridge is seen with the city of San Francisco behind it. San Francisco is United's fifth-biggest hub (by passengers).  Scott Chernis Photography Fullscreen A United Airlines maintenance hangar is seen at San Francisco International, the carrier's fifth biggest hub by passengers.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The distinctive main terminal building of Washington Dulles is seen in October 2014. Dulles is United's sixth-busiest hub (by passengers).  Mark Wilson, Getty Images Fullscreen Los Angeles International Airport -- and it's iconic LAX sign -- are seen in October 2013. LAX is United's seventh-busiest hub (by passengers).  AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen An shot of the National Mall and the iconic buildings of Washington, D.C. Washington's Dulles airport is United's sixth-busiest hub (by passengers).  Ron Edmonds, AP Fullscreen The skyline of downtown Los Angeles is seen in December 2016. LAX is United's seventh-busiest hub (by passengers).  EPA Fullscreen The skyline of central Tokyo. United Airlines count's Tokyo's Narita Airport as one of its hubs.  Yoshikazu Tsuno, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen United Airlines counts Guam as a hub for its major presence in the Pacific and Micronesia. Here, a beach area of Guam is seen in an October 2015 photo.  mjf795, Getty Images/iStockphoto Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 42 2 of 42 3 of 42 4 of 42 5 of 42 6 of 42 7 of 42 8 of 42 9 of 42 10 of 42 11 of 42 12 of 42 13 of 42 14 of 42 15 of 42 16 of 42 17 of 42 18 of 42 19 of 42 20 of 42 21 of 42 22 of 42 23 of 42 24 of 42 25 of 42 26 of 42 27 of 42 28 of 42 29 of 42 30 of 42 31 of 42 32 of 42 33 of 42 34 of 42 35 of 42 36 of 42 37 of 42 38 of 42 39 of 42 40 of 42 41 of 42 42 of 42 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide "She shows up dressed like a civilian and asked us to take a vote to see whether we should have her change into her uniform or fly as is," passenger Pam O'Neal told San Francisco's KPIX TV after landing in San Francisco. "She started off by saying that she had not voted for either Trump or Clinton because they're a bunch of liars. ... It just really sort of went downhill from there and didn't make a lot of sense to any of us," O'Neal added. The Austin American-Statesmen cited a YouTube video of the incident – since removed – that the paper said showed some of the pilot's rant. In that video, the American-Statesman quoted the pilot as trying to reassure passengers by saying: "Don't worry, I'm going to let my co-pilot fly [the plane]. He's a man.” So, y'all. I'm shaking right now. I just left my @united flight 455 'cos the captain demonstrated that she was not mentally in a safe space.— Randy Reiss (@undeadsinatra) February 11, 2017 Chris Moore tells the Washington Post he at first thought the woman was simply another customer on the flight. “I thought she was a first-class passenger, complaining,” he said to the Post. “Then she grabs the mic.” Hobart, the United spokesman, told AP that the company didn't immediately have additional information about the incident and said he didn’t know why the pilot was allowed on the plane in plain clothes. He said the company would launch an investigation and discuss the matter with the pilot. “We hold our employees to the highest standards and have replaced this pilot with a new one to operate the flight, which has since departed from Austin,” the airline said in a formal statement. “We apologize to our customers for the inconvenience.” TWITTER: You can follow Today in the Sky editor Ben Mutzabaugh at twitter.com/TodayInTheSky Photo tour: Planespotting at San Francisco International (SFO) IN PICTURES: United Airlines launches San Francisco-Singapore nonstops FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn United Airlines launches San Francisco-Singapore nonstops  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. A special Asian-inspired dance was performed in the gate area for passengers on United's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A departure board shows a seat map and flight information ahead of United's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen United's flight crews are among the crowd watching pre-flight festivities ahead of the carrier's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen This United Airlines Boeing 787-9 is being readied for the carrier's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Special decorations hinted at United Airlines' inaugural flight from San Francisco to Singapore on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Crews ready the Dreamliner 787-9 business-class cabin ahead of United's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Workers stock the economy cabin with food and beverages ahead of United's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Economy cabin food and beverage supplies are ready to be loaded ahead of United's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen This United Airlines Boeing 787-9 is being readied for the carrier's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen United Airlines and airport officials perform a ceremonial ribbon-cutting ahead of the carrier's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Workers ferry economy cabin food and beverages on to the plane ahead of United's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  vBen Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen This United Airlines Boeing 787-9 is prepped for the carrier's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Workers load economy cabin food and beverages on to the plane ahead of United's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The business class cabin of this United Airlines Boeing 787-9 is seen shortly before the carrier's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Customers on United's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight received this commemorative certificate on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A departure board shows information for United's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen United Airlines made sure to make fliers aware of its inaugural flight from San Francisco to Singapore on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A special Asian-inspired dance was performed in the gate area for passengers on United's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen United's flight crews are among the crowd watching pre-flight festivities ahead of the carrier's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A crowd of passengers, employees and other onlookers watches a pre-flight celebration ahead of United's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen United Airlines made sure to make fliers aware of its inaugural flight from San Francisco to Singapore on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 21 2 of 21 3 of 21 4 of 21 5 of 21 6 of 21 7 of 21 8 of 21 9 of 21 10 of 21 11 of 21 12 of 21 13 of 21 14 of 21 15 of 21 16 of 21 17 of 21 18 of 21 19 of 21 20 of 21 21 of 21 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide IN PICTURES: First look: United's new Polaris business class cabin FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn First look: United's new Polaris business class cabin  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. United unveils the new custom seats that it will install in its new international business class cabins. The new service, called Polaris, will debut on Dec. 1.  Charisse Jones, USA TODAY Fullscreen United's new custom designed lie flat seat extends up to six and a half feet and includes linen from Saks Fifth Ave. Pajamas are included for flights longer than 12 hours.  Charisse Jones, USA TODAY Fullscreen United's new international business class will include slippers, cooling gel pillows and products from Saks and Cowshed.  Charisse Jones, USA TODAY Fullscreen Rendering of a lie-flat bed in United's new Polaris class.  United Airlines Fullscreen Rendering of a seat view in United's new Polaris cabin.  United Airlines Fullscreen Rendering of United's new international business class cabin.  United Airlines Fullscreen Rendering of the new international business class cabin coming this December to United's fleet.  United Airlines Fullscreen Rendering of night view in Polaris cabin.  United Airlines Fullscreen Rendering of a Polaris lounge, coming to nine U.S. airports for United international business class fliers.  United Airlines Fullscreen Rendering of a buffet spread at a United Polaris airport lounge.  United Airlines Fullscreen Appetizer to be served in United's international business class cabin.  United Airlines Fullscreen A main course to be served in United's international business class cabin.  United Airlines Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 12 2 of 12 3 of 12 4 of 12 5 of 12 6 of 12 7 of 12 8 of 12 9 of 12 10 of 12 11 of 12 12 of 12 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide IN PICTURES: United launches first international route on 'stretch' Dreamliner FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn United launches first international route on 'stretch' Dreamliner  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. United's new Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner at LAX's Terminal 7, gate 74, on Oct. 26, 2014 prior to launching nonstop service to Melbourne, Australia.  United Airlines Fullscreen Crew pose for a themed picture at Los Angeles International on Oct. 26, 2014, ahead of the launch of United's new Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner service to Melbourne, Australia.  United Airlines Fullscreen A passenger boards United Flight 98 on Oct. 26, 2014 at LAX. It was United's inaugural flight to Melbourne on the airline's new 787-9 Dreamliner.  United Airlines Fullscreen Young BusinessFirst passengers on United's new Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner for the carrier’s launch of service between Los Angeles and Melbourne, Australia, on Oct. 26, 2014.  United Airlines Fullscreen The factory roll-out of United Airlines' first Boeing 787-9 on April 8, 2014, at Boeing's production line in Everett, Wash.  United Airlines Fullscreen United representatives and Australian officials perform a ribbon cutting for the launch of the airline's new nonstop Dreamliner service to Melbourne on Oct. 26, 2014.  United Airlines Fullscreen BusinessFirst passengers are given pre-departure drinks after boarding United's new Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner for the carrier’s launch of service between Los Angeles and Melbourne, Australia, on Oct. 26, 2014.  United Airlines Fullscreen Passengers board United's BusinessFirst cabin on a Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner for the launch of the airline's new nonstop service from LAX to Melbourne, Australia, on Oct. 26, 2014.  United Airlines Fullscreen Dave Hilfman, United's SVP of Worldwide Sales, welcomes customers, officials and employees to the launch of the airline's new nonstop Dreamliner service to Melbourne, Australia, on Oct. 26, 2014.  United Airlines Fullscreen This undated file photo provided by United shows one a United 787-9 taking off on a Boeing test flight from Boeing's production line facility in Everett, Wash.  United Airlines Fullscreen Passengers board United's new Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner at LAX's Terminal 7, gate 74, on Oct. 26, 2014 prior to the launch of the airline’s nonstop service to Melbourne, Australia.  United Airlines Fullscreen A passenger is welcomed at Los Angeles International on Oct. 26, 2014, as she boards United's new Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner service to Melbourne, Australia.  United Airlines Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 12 2 of 12 3 of 12 4 of 12 5 of 12 6 of 12 7 of 12 8 of 12 9 of 12 10 of 12 11 of 12 12 of 12 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2l71Hye Most Popular Canadian school board bans student trips to U.S. 2.8k Shares Ever had a broken heart? Send the relics to this L.A. museum 'Nobody wants a smoking room' at hotels -- not even smokers Book Across the Bay takes skiers and snowshoers across frozen Lake Superior by candlelight Ask the Captain: What is yaw, and why does it matter? 36 Shares How much is the Biltmore House worth? 3.9k Shares
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 854 32 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Boeing flies giant ‘MAX’ in the sky on 737 test flight You can’t accuse Boeing’s test pilots of lacking imagination, as evidenced by this unique flight plan. Post to Facebook Boeing flies giant ‘MAX’ in the sky on 737 test flight You can’t accuse Boeing’s test pilots of lacking imagination, as evidenced by this unique flight plan.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2kDYlPQ {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Boeing flies giant ‘MAX’ in the sky on 737 test flight Today in the Sky Ben Mutzabaugh , USA TODAY Published 5:14 p.m. ET Feb. 13, 2017 | Updated 7:55 a.m. ET Feb. 14, 2017 638 Shares FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Boeing rolls out first 737 MAX  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Employees gather for a closer view as Boeing rolls out the first 737 MAX from its Renton, Wash., assembly line on Dec. 8, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen The first Boeing 737 MAX airplane to roll off Boeing's assembly line in Renton, Wash., is shown Dec. 8, 2015, before an employee-only rollout event.  AP Fullscreen Boeing's first fully assembled 737 MAX is rolled out of the hanger in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen Testing equipment is seen on Boeing's first 737 MAX, which was rolled out for the first time on Dec. 8, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen Boeing's first fully assembled 737 MAX is rolled out of the hanger in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen Employees gather for a closer view as Boeing rolls out the first 737 MAX from its Renton, Wash., assembly line on Dec. 8, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen A LEAP engine is pictured on the first Boeing 737 MAX jet at Boeing's Renton, Wash., assembly line on Dec. 8, 2015.  AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Boeing's first 737 MAX named the "Spirit of Renton" is parked at the Boeing factory in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen A caution flag that reads "remove before flight" hangs from the first Boeing 737 MAX airplane to roll off Boeing's assembly line in Renton, Wash., as it is parked Dec. 8, 2015.  AP Fullscreen Boeing rolled out its first 737 MAX from its Renton, Wash., assembly line on Dec. 8, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen Boeing's first 737 MAX named the "Spirit of Renton" is parked at the Boeing factory in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen A LEAP engine is pictured on the first Boeing 737 MAX jet at Boeing's Renton, Wash., assembly line on Dec. 8, 2015.  Getty Images Fullscreen Boeing's first fully assembled 737 MAX is rolled out in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen Boeing's first fully assembled 737 MAX is rolled out of the hanger in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen Boeing's first fully assembled 737 MAX is rolled out of the hanger in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen Boeing's first fully assembled 737 MAX is rolled out of the hanger in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen Boeing's first fully assembled 737 MAX is rolled out of the hanger in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen Boeing's first fully assembled 737 MAX is rolled out of the hanger in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen Boeing's first fully assembled 737 MAX is rolled out of the hanger in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen Boeing's first fully assembled 737 MAX is rolled out of the hanger in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen The first Boeing 737 MAX airliner is parked at the company's assembly line in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  Getty Images Fullscreen A LEAP engine is pictured on the first Boeing 737 MAX jet at Boeing's Renton, Wash., assembly line on Dec. 8, 2015.  Getty Images Fullscreen The first Boeing 737 MAX airliner is parked at the company's assembly line in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  Getty Images Fullscreen The first Boeing 737 MAX airliner is parked at the company's assembly line in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  Getty Images Fullscreen Boeing's first 737 MAX named the "Spirit of Renton" is parked at the Boeing factory in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Boeing's first 737 MAX named the "Spirit of Renton" is parked at the Boeing factory in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen A news crew does a shot in front of Boeing's first 737 MAX named the "Spirit of Renton" at the Boeing factory in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Boeing's first 737 MAX named the "Spirit of Renton" is parked at the Boeing factory in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Airline logos representing current customers for the Boeing 737 MAX airplane are shown on the fuselage of the first production model of the plane to roll off Boeing's assembly line in Renton, Wash., Dec. 8, 2015.  AP Fullscreen The first Boeing 737 MAX airplane to roll off Boeing's assembly line in Renton, Wash., is shown Dec. 8, 2015, before an employee-only rollout event.  AP Fullscreen The first Boeing 737 MAX airplane to roll off Boeing's assembly line in Renton, Wash., is shown Dec. 8, 2015, before an employee-only rollout event.  AP Fullscreen The first Boeing 737 MAX airplane to roll off Boeing's assembly line in Renton, Wash., is shown Dec. 8, 2015, before an employee-only rollout event.  AP Fullscreen The first Boeing 737 MAX airplane to roll off Boeing's assembly line in Renton, Wash., is shown Dec. 8, 2015, before an employee-only rollout event.  AP Fullscreen In this photo made with a fish-eye lens, the first Boeing 737 MAX airplane to roll off Boeing's assembly line in Renton, Wash., is shown parked Dec. 8, 2015.  AP Fullscreen The first Boeing 737 MAX airplane to roll off Boeing's assembly line in Renton, Wash., is shown parked Dec. 8, 2015.  AP Fullscreen Airline logos representing current customers for the Boeing 737 MAX airplane are shown on the fuselage of the first production model of the plane to roll off Boeing's assembly line in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  AP Fullscreen In this photo made with a fish-eye lens, the first Boeing 737 MAX airplane to roll off Boeing's assembly line in Renton, Wash., is shown parked Dec. 8, 2015.  AP Fullscreen In this photo made with a fish-eye lens, the first Boeing 737 MAX airplane to roll off Boeing's assembly line in Renton, Wash., is shown parked Dec. 8, 2015.  AP Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 38 2 of 38 3 of 38 4 of 38 5 of 38 6 of 38 7 of 38 8 of 38 9 of 38 10 of 38 11 of 38 12 of 38 13 of 38 14 of 38 15 of 38 16 of 38 17 of 38 18 of 38 19 of 38 20 of 38 21 of 38 22 of 38 23 of 38 24 of 38 25 of 38 26 of 38 27 of 38 28 of 38 29 of 38 30 of 38 31 of 38 32 of 38 33 of 38 34 of 38 35 of 38 36 of 38 37 of 38 38 of 38 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide You can’t accuse Boeing’s test pilots of lacking imagination. The cockpit crew making a test flight with Boeing’s new 737 MAX this past Saturday was tasked with a nine-hour flight, part of routine endurance testing for a new aircraft type. But instead of flying in circles or some other ho-hum route, the pilots got creative. “For eight of its nine hours aloft, the 737 MAX worked on its aerial penmanship writing a 997 km (619 mi) long, 277 km (172 mi) high ‘MAX’ over the states of Washington and Montana,” writes flight-tracking site FlightRadar24, one of the first to report on the unique flight plan. “The ‘MAX’ portion of the flight covered approximately 5,534 km (3,439 miles),” the website added on its blog, which included a flight-tracking map simulating the plane's route. Because the @BoeingAirplanes 737 MAX’s ‘MAX’ needed a gif too. 📡 https://t.co/CYThsvF2wQpic.twitter.com/RiTdlO7ooW— Flightradar24 (@flightradar24) February 12, 2017 Boeing's new 737 MAX completes its maiden flight FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Boeing's new 737 MAX makes its maiden flight  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Boeing's first 737 MAX jet, an upgraded version of the company's popular 737 product line, makes its maiden flight at Renton, Wash., on Friday, Jan. 29, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's first 737 MAX jet, an upgraded version of the company's popular 737 product line, makes its maiden flight at Renton, Wash., on Friday, Jan. 29, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's first 737 MAX jet, an upgraded version of the company's popular 737 product line, makes its maiden flight at Renton, Wash., on Friday, Jan. 29, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's first 737 MAX jet, an upgraded version of the company's popular 737 product line, makes its maiden flight at Renton, Wash., on Friday, Jan. 29, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's maiden Boeing 737 MAX 8 flight takes off from Renton, Wash., on Friday, Jan. 29, 2016.  Courtesy of Boeing (Matthew Thompson) Fullscreen Boeing's maiden Boeing 737 MAX 8 flight takes off from Renton, Wash., on Friday, Jan. 29, 2016.  Courtesy of Boeing (Paul Gordon) Fullscreen Boeing test pilot Craig Bonben gives a thumbs up after completing the maiden flight in Boeing's first 737 MAX jet on Jan. 29, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's first 737 MAX jet, an upgraded version of the company's popular 737 product line, makes its maiden landing following a successful flight in Seattle on Friday, Jan. 29, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's 737 MAX 8 on its maiden flight at Boeing Field in Seattle on Jan. 29, 2016.  Courtesy of Boeing (Paul Weatherman) Fullscreen Boeing's 737 MAX 8 on its maiden flight at Boeing Field in Seattle on Jan. 29, 2016.  Courtesy of Boeing (Paul Weatherman) Fullscreen Boeing's first 737 MAX aircraft returns to Seattle following its maiden flight on Jan. 29, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The first Boeing 737 MAX jetliner taxies to a hangar at Boeing Field in Seattle following a successful first flight on Jan. 29, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing crews prepare to tow the first 737 MAX aircraft to a hangar following a successful first flight on Jan. 29, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing Commercial Airplanes CEO Ray Conner, left, speaks with Keith Leverkuhn, General Manager of the 737 MAX program, following the first flight of the 737 MAX in Seattle on Jan. 29, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing Chief Test Pilot Craig Bomben takes a walk around the first 737 MAX with his family following the completion of the maiden flight of the jet in Seattle on Jan. 29, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's first 737 MAX aircraft lands in Seattle after its maiden flight on Jan. 29, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's first 737 MAX aircraft lands in Seattle after its maiden flight on Jan. 29, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing employees turn to watch the first 737 MAX land at Boeing Field in Seattle after its maiden voyage on Jan. 29, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Boeing company T-33 chase plane touches down on the runway at Boeing Field in Seattle after the first 737 MAX flight on Jan. 29, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The first Boeing 737 MAX jet rests on the tarmac in Seattle not long after its first flight on Jan. 29, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The pilots from Boeing's 737 MAX 8 waive after its maiden flight arrived at Boeing Field in Seattle on Jan. 29, 2016.  Courtesy of Boeing (Paul Gordon) Fullscreen Boeing's test pilots from the 737 MAX 8 waive after the jet's maiden flight arrived at Boeing Field in Seattle on Jan. 29, 2016.  Courtesy of Boeing (Marian Lockhart) Fullscreen Boeing's 737 MAX 8 lands after its maiden flight at Boeing Field in Seattle on Jan. 29, 2016.  Courtesy of Boeing (Jim Anderson) Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 23 2 of 23 3 of 23 4 of 23 5 of 23 6 of 23 7 of 23 8 of 23 9 of 23 10 of 23 11 of 23 12 of 23 13 of 23 14 of 23 15 of 23 16 of 23 17 of 23 18 of 23 19 of 23 20 of 23 21 of 23 22 of 23 23 of 23 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Boeing spokesman Tom Kim confirmed the test flight to Today in the Sky. "We did conduct a roughly 9-hour test flight over the weekend," Kim said by email. "It's just one of the many tests we're doing to validate the 737 MAX's industry leading range and reliability." Of course, this isn’t the first time Boeing’s test pilots have gotten creative. You may recall that time in June 2011 when test pilots on Boeing’s then new 747-8 – the latest variant of that aircraft – made a 2,500-mile trip to Pittsburgh so the crew could order a sandwich from Primanti Bros., a well-known local restaurant. There was also the 2014 test flight when another 747 crew flew in the outline of a giant “12” over eastern Washington state. That flight, operated with a 747 painted in the colors of the Seattle Seahawks, was a tribute to the NFL team's boisterous home crowd that makes Seattle fans a figurative "12th man" on the field for the team's games. As for the latest test flight, the 737 MAX crew not only traced the intricate outlines of the word “MAX,” but did so in mimicking the distinctive font that Boeing has been using to market the latest version of its 737. TWITTER: You can follow Today in the Sky editor Ben Mutzabaugh at twitter.com/TodayInTheSky American’s new 737 MAX won't have seatback screens Boeing rolls out a mean-looking Seahawks 747 jumbo jet FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Boeing unveils Seattle Seahawks 747  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. An aerial shot of Boeing's Seattle Seahawks-themed 747-8F freighter flying within view of the downtown Seattle skyline.  Boeing Fullscreen Boeing's specially themed Boeing 747-8F freighter takes off for the first time sporting a Seattle Seahawks paint job.  Boeing Fullscreen A shot of Boeing 747-8 Freighter that Boeing painted in the colors of the Seattle Seahawks NFL franchise.  Boeing Fullscreen A shot of Boeing 747-8 Freighter that Boeing painted in the colors of the Seattle Seahawks NFL franchise.  Boeing Fullscreen Boeing's Seattle Seahawks-emblazoned Boeing 747-8F freighter.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Airchive.com Fullscreen The Seahawks-branded Boeing 747-8F freighter takes flight over greater Seattle on Jan. 30, 2014.  Boeing Fullscreen A shot of Boeing 747-8 Freighter that Boeing painted in the colors of the Seattle Seahawks NFL franchise.  Boeing Fullscreen Boeing's Seattle Seahawks-themed 747-8F freighter flies within view of Seattle's sports complex, including the CenturyLink Field that the Seahawks call home.  Boeing Fullscreen A shot of Boeing 747-8 Freighter that Boeing painted in the colors of the Seattle Seahawks NFL franchise.  Boeing Fullscreen A shot of Boeing 747-8 Freighter that Boeing painted in the colors of the Seattle Seahawks NFL franchise.  Boeing Fullscreen A shot of Boeing 747-8 Freighter that Boeing painted in the colors of the Seattle Seahawks NFL franchise.  Boeing Fullscreen A shot of Boeing 747-8 Freighter that Boeing painted in the colors of the Seattle Seahawks NFL franchise.  Boeing Fullscreen A shot of Boeing 747-8 Freighter that Boeing painted in the colors of the Seattle Seahawks NFL franchise.  Boeing Fullscreen A shot of Boeing 747-8 Freighter that Boeing painted in the colors of the Seattle Seahawks NFL franchise.  Boeing Fullscreen A shot of Boeing 747-8 Freighter that Boeing painted in the colors of the Seattle Seahawks NFL franchise.  Boeing Fullscreen A shot of the painting process for Boeing's Seattle Seahawks 747 freighter.  Boeing Fullscreen A shot of the painting process for Boeing's Seattle Seahawks 747 freighter.  Boeing Fullscreen Boeing's 747-8F freigher featuring a tribune to the Seattle Seahawks.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Airchive.com Fullscreen Boeing's special 747-8F freighter decked out in a special Seattle Seahawks.  Boeing Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 19 2 of 19 3 of 19 4 of 19 5 of 19 6 of 19 7 of 19 8 of 19 9 of 19 10 of 19 11 of 19 12 of 19 13 of 19 14 of 19 15 of 19 16 of 19 17 of 19 18 of 19 19 of 19 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide IN PICTURES: A photo tour of Boeing's 737 MAX assembly line FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn A photo tour of Boeing's 737 MAX assembly line  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. A sign welcomes visitors to the Boeing 737 factory in Renton, Wash. on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Boeing employee prepares the main landing gear on the second Boeing 737 MAX airplane for a test at the company's Renton, Wash. factory on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing technicians works on the company's second 737 MAX aircraft at the company's Renton, Wash. factory on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Banks of test equipment line the interior of the second Boeing 737 MAX airplane at the company's Renton, Wash. factory during a media preview on December 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The flightdeck of the second Boeing 737 MAX airplane is prepared for first-flight on Boeing's Renton, Wash. factory line on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The second Boeing 737 MAX aircraft is prepared for first-flight on Boeing's Renton, Wash. factory line on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The second Boeing 737 MAX aircraft is prepared for first-flight on Boeing's Renton, Wash. factory line on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The second Boeing 737 MAX aircraft is prepared for first-flight on Boeing's Renton, Wash. factory line on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The second Boeing 737 MAX aircraft is prepared for first-flight on Boeing's Renton, Wash. factory line on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The second Boeing 737 MAX aircraft is prepared for first-flight on Boeing's Renton, Wash. factory line on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 10 2 of 10 3 of 10 4 of 10 5 of 10 6 of 10 7 of 10 8 of 10 9 of 10 10 of 10 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide USA TODAY Watch 737 MAX take off on first flight  (Photo: Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY) Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2kDYlPQ Most Popular Canadian school board bans student trips to U.S. 2.8k Shares Airport, airline CEOs hear Trump support for construction, modernization 527 Shares AirAsia announces $99 fares for first-ever U.S. destination 416 Shares Air France celebrates network 'heart' at Paris Charles De Gaulle Airport How much is the Biltmore House worth? 3.9k Shares Thursday: Snowstorm snarls flights; 3,500 cancellations and growing 93 Shares
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Are Airlines at Odds With Trump, Boeing? By Paul Ausick February 14, 2017 9:05 am EST Print Email Tweet In a meeting last Thursday between President Trump and executives of several U.S. airlines, the headline outcome was Trump’s proposal to fix a “totally out of whack” revamping of the Federal Aviation Administration’s (FAA) overhaul of the country’s air traffic control system. The president was sympathetic to changing the FAA’s behind-schedule and over-budget upgrade while at the same time making no promises. Trump also sidestepped another issue that has roiled U.S. carriers: the Obama administration’s refusal to take the carriers’ side in a dispute over the Open Skies agreement that allows three Middle Eastern airlines to fly disputed routes to the United States. U.S. legacy carriers United Continental Holdings Inc. (NYSE: UAL), American Airlines Group Inc. (NASDAQ: AAL) and Delta Air Lines Co. (NYSE: DAL) used the occasion of the meeting with Trump to make their case for imposing limits to the Open Skies deal. While the President was again sympathetic, he also was aware of the impact on Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) of reducing flights — and future purchases of new aircraft — for Emirates Airlines, Etihad Airlines and Qatar Airways. According to a report in Politico this was Trump’s response: “I know you’re under pressure from a lot of foreign elements and foreign carriers. I’ve been hearing that a little bit,” Trump said at the start of the discussion. “At the same time, we want to make life good for them, also. They come with big investments. In many cases, those investments are made by their governments. But they are still big investments.” The airlines and the pilots union are also unhappy with the Ireland-based subsidiary of Norwegian Airlines, which plans to begin transatlantic flights later this year at a rumored one-way fare of $75. The airline plans to fly from second-tier airports on both sides of the Atlantic and to use both its current fleet of Boeing 787s and new 737-9s that are scheduled for delivery beginning this spring. The pilots union has complained about the makeup of flight crews, but the airline has said that 50% of its crews and pilots are or will be U.S.-based. This issue did not come up at the airlines’ meeting with Trump, according to Politico. The U.S. Travel Association, an industry group representing “all components of the travel industry,” sent a letter to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson last Friday supporting the existing Open Skies agreement: By reducing government interference in air travel, [Open Skies] agreements have led to hundreds of thousands of new American travel and manufacturing jobs, billions in U.S. economic growth, lower airfares for travelers, more flights to airports to and beyond major gateways, and new opportunities for U.S. airlines. … While their arguments are couched in compelling terms, the Big Three airlines are not seeking a level playing field to compete. Instead, they are lobbying for government intrusion that would benefit themselves, but hurt American manufacturing jobs, threaten U.S. economic growth and undermine U.S. national security interests. Norwegian, Emirates and Qatar Airways are among Boeing’s top 10 customers. Emirates currently has unfilled orders for 174 aircraft, 24 of the existing 777-300ER and 150 of the 777X scheduled for deliveries beginning in 2020. Norwegian has 144 undelivered planes on Boeing’s order book: 125 of both current generation and 737 MAX planes and 19 787-9s. Qatar Airways is awaiting delivery of 105 planes: 75 777s, including 60 of the 777X and 30 787-9s. These planes total well over $100 billion in new orders. If the orders are cut or cancelled, it could be difficult, if not impossible, for Boeing to replace them and that could mean thousands of lost manufacturing jobs in the United States. It is highly unlikely that President Trump will sign up for that. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: Intuitive Surgical, Restaurant Brands, Scorpio Tankers, Teva, Under Armour, Zillow and Many More Can Investors Make Up Their Minds on T-Mobile Earnings? » Read more: Aerospace & Defense, airlines, Politics, AAL, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA), Delta Air Lines, Inc. (NYSE:DAL), United Continental Holdings, I... (NYSE:UAL) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Drunkest (and Driest) Cities in America States Where Poverty Is Worse Than You Think The Next 14 States to Legalize Marijuana The Best (and Worst) States for Business 50 Worst Cities to Live In Recent Why Cisco Earnings Aren’t Enough For Investors Fossil Group, Kimco Realty Plop into Wednesday’s 52-Week Low Club Pfizer, Cisco Push DJIA Higher Wednesday How Gene Editing Just Got Rocked by Major Patent Ruling Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search NetEase Finishes 2016 on a Winning Note Mortgage Rates Unchanged, Even As the Market Warms to the Possibility of a March Rate Hike How American Outdoor Brands Corp Is Pivoting Its Firearms Expertise to New Markets Cobham sinks 22% after writedown, guidance cut Fiat Chrysler climbs 1.4% after car sales jump 15% in Europe Nestle slips 1.4% at the open after sales slow Asian stocks test new 19-month highs, some markets seen overvalued Snap sets valuation at lower end of expectation: WSJ Newspapers aim to ride 'Trump Bump' to reach readers, advertisers Argentina's rising grains production strands vessels in river traffic China Shares Rise as Building Boom Boost Materials Snap Sets Valuation at $19.5B to $22.2B Andrew Puzder's Downfall Is The First Big Win For Women In The Trump Era Dakota Access Pipeline Executive Compares Protesters With Terrorists Farmers Supported Trump. His Proposals Have Them Thinking Again Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Big union vote coming at Boeing plant that Trump may visit - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Black History Month Social Stream Get Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News Black History Month CNN Video CBS National/World The Insider Real Estate Election Get Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Get Apps School closings See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs Text Alerts Win tickets to a Sabres/Penguins Game Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer Black History Month School closings MeTV See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Get Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Big union vote coming at Boeing plant that Trump may visit Posted: Tuesday, February 14, 2017 8:53 AM EST Updated: Tuesday, February 14, 2017 2:30 PM EST Boeing Headquarters By Chris Isidore NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- One of the most important union votes in decades is set to take place Wednesday at the Boeing plant in South Carolina. A win for the Machinists union, which wants to represent nearly 3,000 workers at the new plant, would be a rare victory for labor in the South. Manufacturers have been drawn to the region because unions are much less common there than in the North. That's why Boeing spent billions to open its newest plant in North Charleston. Its aim was to have a non-union facility. The plant will get additional attention this week. President Donald Trump plans to visit the plant on Friday, White House spokesman Sean Spicer said Tuesday. Trump has clashed with Boeing on the cost of the new Air Force One. And his criticism of the Iran nuclear deal has placed an $8 billion sale of Boeing jets to Iran Air at risk. But the Machinists, which represents most of the factory workers at Boeing, won the right to have a vote to unionize the South Carolina facility. A win would give the union even more leverage over Boeing in talks, preventing it from continuing production of its 787 Dreamliner jet during a strike at unionized plants. A union loss would further encourage other manufacturers to open union-free plants in the South. A union win Wednesday "won't be a turnaround for their labor movement. But it'd be a major step forward," said Gary Chaison, professor of industrial relations and labor historian at Clark University. "Just having enough support to hold an election is a very big deal. I think most of the workers at the Boeing plant had a predisposition to vote against the union." But Chaison said it's still an uphill fight -- about 40% to 50% of organizing votes fail, he said. South Carolina has the lowest share of unionized workers of any state -- less than 2%. When Boeing moved to open the South Carolina plant, the company said it wanted to assure customers of the 787 Dreamliner, which is built there, that strikes wouldn't upset its production schedule. The union filed an unfair labor practice, seeking to shut the plant before it even opened in 2011. The Obama administration's labor board sided with the union, arguing that Boeing was trying to punish workers for past strikes by opening a non-union plant in South Carolina instead of Washington. Before the labor board made a final decision, the union and Boeing reached a deal and the union dropped its complaint. Now the fight is on again. The South Carolina workers who want union representation say their unionized peers in Washington earn about $10 an hour more than they do. The top wage in Washington for the most common job category is $36 an hour, while it tops out at $22 an hour in South Carolina, according to Mike Evans, a union organizer. "Do your children deserve as much as the children of Boeing children in Seattle?" said a union blog post to employees in South Carolina. For its part, Boeing says pay scales are driven by wages in the local market, and that the South Carolina plant already pays better wages than a union-represented Boeing plant in Alabama. The company has warned workers they may be forced to go on strike against their wishes if the union comes in. "The [Machinists union] has actively worked to prevent the success of Boeing South Carolina from the beginning of the operation here," the company said. "We have developed a culture of working together. This site doesn't have a union, and it doesn't need one." Boeing has been cutting back on jobs -- employment in its commercial aircraft division is down about 8,000, or nearly 10%, in the last year. But many of those cuts have come from lines building narrow-body jets, not the 787. The battle between Boeing and the union won't end with Wednesday's vote. If it loses, the union could try for another vote in a year. If it wins, it would then start trying to negotiate a contract with Boeing to cover the South Carolina workers. That would probably be a contentious process. --CNN's Jeff Zeleny contributed to this report. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Ad Policy Skip to content Facebook Twitter Donate Log In Activism Russia Syria Refugees Podcasts Politics World Economy Culture Take Action Labor How a Union Vote in Charleston Could Change the Labor Movement in the South Current Issue Subscribe Search Facebook Twitter Email Toggle Menu Log In Politics World Economy Culture Take Action Subscribe Current Issue Donate Log In Facebook Twitter If you are a current Subscriber and are unable to log in, you may have to create a NEW username and password. To do so, click here and use the “NEW USER” sign-up option. Log In Email * Password * Remember Me Forgot Your Password? Log In If you are not a Subscriber, Subscribe Now! Back to site Labor Unions Economic development How a Union Vote in Charleston Could Change the Labor Movement in the South How a Union Vote in Charleston Could Change the Labor Movement in the South Boeing is fighting a union drive at its 787 Dreamliner plant. By Mike ElkTwitter February 13, 2017 Facebook Twitter Email Print Boeing workers at a ceremony showing the first 787 Dreamliner jet in Charleston, South Carolina, on April 27, 2012. (Reuters / Mary Ann Chastain) Mike Evans has worked as an organizer for the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers (IAM) for more than two decades. He says he’s never had an organizing experience like he’s had in Charleston, South Carolina—home of a 6,000-worker Boeing plant. Ad Policy This post originally appeared at TalkPoverty.org. Last year, when the union tried to sponsor the city’s Cooper River Bridge Run, its check was returned. “We got a letter saying that what we do as a union doesn’t fit with their other sponsors”—which included Boeing, says Evans. The union then tried to sponsor the Knights of Columbus 5K race on Thanksgiving. “They sent the check back after consulting with their board,” says Evans. “They didn’t want to give us any ability to brand ourselves as being part of the community.” Organizers of both events declined to comment on why the union’s sponsorship was rejected. This Wednesday, the workers at the plant will vote on whether to unionize. * * * The Boeing 787 Dreamliner plant in North Charleston is the crown jewel of South Carolina’s economic rebirth. Union opponents point to a state economy that is currently growing at twice the rate of the US economy. However, that growth hasn’t meant equal opportunity for all. South Carolina has the 11th highest poverty rate in the United States, with 16.7 percent of its residents living below the poverty line. Despite the opening of new manufacturing plants, the state’s poverty rate is actually higher than when the recession began in 2008. One contributing factor is a lack of unions throughout the state, which depresses wages. In fact, research shows that unions increase workers’ wages and benefits, reduce inequality and poverty, and boost economic mobility across generations. At the North Charleston plant, for example, Evans says that workers in some job classifications are paid half as much as their unionized counterparts in Washington State, and that they often have second or third jobs to help make ends meet. As a result, the IAM has been trying to organize since the plant first opened in 2011. Most Popular 1 The Trump Administration’s Lies About Voter Fraud Will Lead to Massive Voter Suppression 2 The Real Reason Why Andy Puzder Won’t Become Labor Secretary 3 Congressional Democrats Are Already Warning Trump About Impeachment 4 Donald Trump Has Pulled an Epic Bait-and-Switch 5 Steve Bannon Wants To Start World War III “Every community event, you see them everywhere sponsoring stuff,” says Ken Riley, President of the South Carolina AFL-CIO. “They have been sponsoring Little League ballgames. If there is a picnic in the city, they are there.” Boeing has countered with billboards and TV ads painting the IAM as an out-of-state organization that previously tried to prevent the plant from opening in order to keep jobs in Washington State. To support its case, Boeing has focused heavily on an NLRB complaint that the union filed in 2011 and later withdrew. In it, the IAM alleged that the company shifted work to South Carolina in order to retaliate against Washington State–based union workers who went on strike in 2009. “Boeing has always believed in South Carolina, but the IAM hasn’t,” reads the introduction to a video at WeAreBoeingSC.com, an anti-union website built by the corporation. “Now they want our teammates and our community to forget about how they tried to shut us down.” Boeing workers have been forced to attend anti-union seminars. Management even set up two tables at the plant—one with diapers and children’s clothing, another with groceries—each representing the $800 dollars in union dues that workers would pay annually. This isn’t the first time Boeing has taken on an IAM organizing effort at the plant. In 2015, the company organized town-hall meetings with workers and promised to address their complaints. Many workers believed Boeing’s assurances, and support for the union waned. Fearing a loss, the IAM called off the election. The stakes are higher now than ever. Get The Nation in your inbox. But the union says this time around is different—some of the goodwill workers felt towards the company has worn off. “We are getting much more support than last time because of [Boeing’s] broken promises,” says Evans. Workers say that the plant has reneged on promises to be more responsive to feedback, hold regular meetings with workers to hear criticism, increase wages, and make scheduling more consistent. GET A DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTION FOR JUST $9.50! Subscribe “I have honestly never worked anywhere, union or not, that flip-flops so much as Boeing has lately,” says Sean Cribb, a production worker at the plant. “They can’t decide overtime rules, [or] work schedules. They are moving management around so much that none of them can learn the work package so they can better assist their team.” Although Boeing declined to comment on any of these specific allegations—and it’s worth noting that US labor protections are so weak that none of this anti-union activity is illegal—spokesperson Elizabeth Merida said in a statement, “[Boeing] believe[s] our team is best served by having a direct relationship with the company and working as one team as we continue to build on the great successes that have already been achieved here.” * * * Union officials say a win on February 15 could be a watershed moment, opening the door for organizing in the South, beginning with the BMW plant in Spartanburg or the soon-to-open Volvo plant in Berkeley County. “This would be the breakthrough of the century if they would win,” says Riley. That’s because corporations and their political allies routinely argue—with great success—that unions in the North are the main reason so many corporations are heading south. South Carolina has the lowest unionization rate of any state in the nation, with only 2.1 percent of its workers organized. Former Governor Nikki Haley was explicit about her desire to keep unions out. “You’ve heard me say many times I wear heels. It’s not for a fashion statement. It’s because we’re kicking them every day, and we’ll continue to kick them,” she said. But Evans and other organizers say a win in North Charleston would be a huge step toward ending that anti-union legacy, finally giving workers in South Carolina a voice in addressing wages and increasing inequality. “This is such a tough environment. There is really a lack of any structure that tells people that they can do this,” says Evans. “When they see workers at Boeing get a first contract and it’s decent, I think a lot more people in the South will want to reach out.” 0 Comments Facebook Twitter Email Print Mike Elk Twitter Mike Elk is an award-winning labor reporter, who previously served as a labor reporter at POLITICO and In These Times. Based in Chattanooga, Tennessee, he is the founder of Payday Report, the South's first unionized news co-op. To submit a correction for our consideration, click here. For Reprints and Permissions, click here. Leave a Comment Cancel reply In order to comment, you must be logged in as a paid subscriber. Click here to log in or subscribe. Labor Unions Economic development Yesterday 6:05 pm The Resistance Prevented Puzder From Becoming Labor Secretary By John Nichols Yesterday 4:56 pm The Real Reason Why Andy Puzder Won’t Become Labor Secretary By David Dayen Feb 10, 2017 Donald Trump’s Real Plan for Coal-Mine Workers By Michelle Chen Feb 03, 2017 New York’s Immigrants Aren’t Done With Trump By Michelle Chen Feb 14, 2017 Ecuador’s Left-Wing Success Story By Mark Weisbrot Jan 30, 2017 In the Age of Trump, Cities Will Lead the Way Toward Increased Economic Opportunity By Brad Lander and Maria Torres-Springer “There are few places where one can still read courageous journalism. The Nation is one." —Alec Baldwin Subscribe to The Nation Ad Policy Follow The Nation Get Email Updates Stay connected with everything Nation by signing up for our free daily newsletter. Sections Politics World Economy Culture Society Environment Take Action The Nation About Advertise eBooks Comments Policy Contact Us Help Jobs and Internships Nation Builders Nation Travels Student Writing Contest Magazine Current Issue Masthead Archive Donate Subscribe Subscription Services Events Reprints Copyright (c) 2017 The Nation Company LLC
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Big union vote coming at Boeing plant that Trump may visit Big union vote coming at Boeing plant that Trump may visit Posted on Tuesday, February 14, 2017 by CNN in Business News One of the most important union votes in decades is set to take place Wednesday at the Boeing plant in South Carolina. A win for the Machinists union, which wants to represent nearly 3,000 workers at the new plant, would be a rare victory for labor in the South. Manufacturers have been drawn to the region because unions are much less common there than in the North. That’s why Boeing spent billions to open its newest plant in North Charleston. Its aim was to have a non-union facility. The plant will get additional attention this week. President Donald Trump plans to visit the plant on Friday, White House spokesman Sean Spicer said Tuesday. Trump has clashed with Boeing on the cost of the new Air Force One. And his criticism of the Iran nuclear deal has placed an $8 billion sale of Boeing jets to Iran Air at risk. But the Machinists, which represents most of the factory workers at Boeing, won the right to have a vote to unionize the South Carolina facility. A win would give the union even more leverage over Boeing in talks, preventing it from continuing production of its 787 Dreamliner jet during a strike at unionized plants. A union loss would further encourage other manufacturers to open union-free plants in the South. A union win Wednesday “won’t be a turnaround for their labor movement. But it’d be a major step forward,” said Gary Chaison, professor of industrial relations and labor historian at Clark University. “Just having enough support to hold an election is a very big deal. I think most of the workers at the Boeing plant had a predisposition to vote against the union.” But Chaison said it’s still an uphill fight — about 40% to 50% of organizing votes fail, he said. South Carolina has the lowest share of unionized workers of any state — less than 2%. When Boeing moved to open the South Carolina plant, the company said it wanted to assure customers of the 787 Dreamliner, which is built there, that strikes wouldn’t upset its production schedule. The union filed an unfair labor practice, seeking to shut the plant before it even opened in 2011. The Obama administration’s labor board sided with the union, arguing that Boeing was trying to punish workers for past strikes by opening a non-union plant in South Carolina instead of Washington. Before the labor board made a final decision, the union and Boeing reached a deal and the union dropped its complaint. Now the fight is on again. The South Carolina workers who want union representation say their unionized peers in Washington earn about $10 an hour more than they do. The top wage in Washington for the most common job category is $36 an hour, while it tops out at $22 an hour in South Carolina, according to Mike Evans, a union organizer. “Do your children deserve as much as the children of Boeing children in Seattle?” said a union blog post to employees in South Carolina. For its part, Boeing says pay scales are driven by wages in the local market, and that the South Carolina plant already pays better wages than a union-represented Boeing plant in Alabama. The company has warned workers they may be forced to go on strike against their wishes if the union comes in. “The [Machinists union] has actively worked to prevent the success of Boeing South Carolina from the beginning of the operation here,” the company said. “We have developed a culture of working together. This site doesn’t have a union, and it doesn’t need one.” Boeing has been cutting back on jobs — employment in its commercial aircraft division is down about 8,000, or nearly 10%, in the last year. But many of those cuts have come from lines building narrow-body jets, not the 787. The battle between Boeing and the union won’t end with Wednesday’s vote. If it loses, the union could try for another vote in a year. If it wins, it would then start trying to negotiate a contract with Boeing to cover the South Carolina workers. That would probably be a contentious process. –CNN’s Jeff Zeleny contributed to this report. How leaks and investigative journalists led to Flynn's resignation Even Trump voters want the minimum wage raised Related Posts Thursday Night Football returning to CBS for 2015 season Tom Brokaw: I have not demanded Brian Williams be fired Airline passenger sues TSA for $506.85 over missed flight Rupert Murdoch calls Brexit ‘wonderful’ Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #BudgetSpeech #Personal I-T rate #Budget2017 #PopulistBudget #IRCTC News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Economy & Policy » News Railways to offer space for app-based cab services Business Standard Fighter makers must transfer tech to local firm to bid for Indian contract Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar was speaking at the Aero India show Alnoor Peermohamed  |  Bengaluru  February 15, 2017 Last Updated at 00:15 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UTPibj A Rafale fighter aircraft flys during the inauguration of the 11th biennial edition of AERO INDIA 2017 at Yelahanka Air base in Bengaluru (Photo: PTI) ALSO READ Lockheed Martin first to respond to invitation to build single-engine fighter in India IAF kicks off contest to make single-engine fighters Boeing says IAF inquiry for twin-engine fighter coming soon, hopes to build 200 in India Tata Power to make Javelin missile with Lockheed Martin JV India has mandated that global aircraft makers such as Lockheed Martin and Boeing get approvals of their governments to transfer technology and build jets with a local partner in India, if they are to bid for the country’s single-engine fighter requirement. “The product which I want to buy, I want it to be made in India. Export to a third nation is an additional bonus. If someone wants to shift a facility to India it’s their choice, or they wants to assemble a new one. I am no way concerned with it,” said Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar after inaugurating the biennial Aero India show on Tuesday. “If they’re proposing something, their government has to give them in-principle approval so that they can quote it to me. If something is not given or someone has not given it to them, then they cannot give a quote to me,” he said, but did not clarify whether a request for proposal has been issued. Parrikar was responding to queries on US President Donald Trump’s push for Make in America, to revive US manufacturing and generate local jobs. In October, India floated a request for information to global jet makers to partner with Indian companies and jointly bid to sell single-engine fighters for the Indian Air Force. The contest is different from the 126 medium multi-role combat aircraft, which was finalised with a 36-plane order from France’s Rafale, which will begin delivery from September 2019. Lockheed Martin has offered to transfer its Fort Worth production line to India and make the latest Block-70 of F-16 fighters. Saab, which makes the Gripen fighter, has not only offered to help with Mark-1 and Mark-2 of India’s light combat aircraft Tejas, but also co-develop the advanced medium combat aircraft, which the Defence Research and Development Organisation plans to develop. Independently, the Indian Navy has floated a tender to supply and produce 57 twin-engine carrier-borne fighters, for which Boeing has expressed interest to participate with its F-18 twin-engine planes. It opted to buy from the global market after it publicly rejected the navy version of the Tejas, saying it was overweight and would not meet its requirements. Parrikar also reiterated the country’s stand that 100 per cent foreign direct investment (FDI) in defence in select areas would be allowed only to bridge technology gaps, than a blanket approval. “Suppose someone comes to manufacture engines, which we don’t have technology in, I will definitely consider it. 100 per cent FDI in areas where I do not have any expertise, I will definitely consider it. What’s the point of getting stuck and continuing to import?” he said. Read More On Aero India 2017 | Make In India | Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar | Lockheed Martin | Boeing | Single Engine Fighter Rfi | Fighter Jet | Request For Proposal | Economy & Policy | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Banking conveinience on the go, anytime...anywhere Save Tax on Your Premium u s 80D Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Double Benefits Cashless Treatments plus Tax Savings Free Brokerage for 1st Month Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Exploring Untapped Potential of Mutual Funds. IIM Bangalore: Aerospace Management Programme Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Supercharge your Indian property portfolio Main Jahan, Mera Bank Wahan New to investing in shares? Open 100% Paperless Demat Account in just 15 mins. Bengal Global Business Summit. click here Your Loan Eligibility Holds the Key to Your Dream Home Rise and fall of Bitcoin, does history repeat itself? New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Why are More People Applying for Personal Loans? Fighter makers must transfer tech to local firm to bid for Indian contract Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar was speaking at the Aero India show Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar was speaking at the Aero India show India has mandated that global aircraft makers such as Lockheed Martin and Boeing get approvals of their governments to transfer technology and build jets with a local partner in India, if they are to bid for the country’s single-engine fighter requirement. “The product which I want to buy, I want it to be made in India. Export to a third nation is an additional bonus. If someone wants to shift a facility to India it’s their choice, or they wants to assemble a new one. I am no way concerned with it,” said Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar after inaugurating the biennial Aero India show on Tuesday. “If they’re proposing something, their government has to give them in-principle approval so that they can quote it to me. If something is not given or someone has not given it to them, then they cannot give a quote to me,” he said, but did not clarify whether a request for proposal has been issued. Parrikar was responding to queries on US President Donald Trump’s push for Make in America, to revive US manufacturing and generate local jobs. In October, India floated a request for information to global jet makers to partner with Indian companies and jointly bid to sell single-engine fighters for the Indian Air Force. The contest is different from the 126 medium multi-role combat aircraft, which was finalised with a 36-plane order from France’s Rafale, which will begin delivery from September 2019. Lockheed Martin has offered to transfer its Fort Worth production line to India and make the latest Block-70 of F-16 fighters. Saab, which makes the Gripen fighter, has not only offered to help with Mark-1 and Mark-2 of India’s light combat aircraft Tejas, but also co-develop the advanced medium combat aircraft, which the Defence Research and Development Organisation plans to develop. Independently, the Indian Navy has floated a tender to supply and produce 57 twin-engine carrier-borne fighters, for which Boeing has expressed interest to participate with its F-18 twin-engine planes. It opted to buy from the global market after it publicly rejected the navy version of the Tejas, saying it was overweight and would not meet its requirements. Parrikar also reiterated the country’s stand that 100 per cent foreign direct investment (FDI) in defence in select areas would be allowed only to bridge technology gaps, than a blanket approval. “Suppose someone comes to manufacture engines, which we don’t have technology in, I will definitely consider it. 100 per cent FDI in areas where I do not have any expertise, I will definitely consider it. What’s the point of getting stuck and continuing to import?” he said. Alnoor Peermohamed Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Fighter makers must transfer tech to local firm to bid for Indian contract Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar was speaking at the Aero India show India has mandated that global aircraft makers such as Lockheed Martin and Boeing get approvals of their governments to transfer technology and build jets with a local partner in India, if they are to bid for the country’s single-engine fighter requirement. “The product which I want to buy, I want it to be made in India. Export to a third nation is an additional bonus. If someone wants to shift a facility to India it’s their choice, or they wants to assemble a new one. I am no way concerned with it,” said Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar after inaugurating the biennial Aero India show on Tuesday. “If they’re proposing something, their government has to give them in-principle approval so that they can quote it to me. If something is not given or someone has not given it to them, then they cannot give a quote to me,” he said, but did not clarify whether a request for proposal has been issued. Parrikar was responding to queries on US President Donald Trump’s push for Make in America, to revive US manufacturing and generate local jobs. In October, India floated a request for information to global jet makers to partner with Indian companies and jointly bid to sell single-engine fighters for the Indian Air Force. The contest is different from the 126 medium multi-role combat aircraft, which was finalised with a 36-plane order from France’s Rafale, which will begin delivery from September 2019. Lockheed Martin has offered to transfer its Fort Worth production line to India and make the latest Block-70 of F-16 fighters. Saab, which makes the Gripen fighter, has not only offered to help with Mark-1 and Mark-2 of India’s light combat aircraft Tejas, but also co-develop the advanced medium combat aircraft, which the Defence Research and Development Organisation plans to develop. Independently, the Indian Navy has floated a tender to supply and produce 57 twin-engine carrier-borne fighters, for which Boeing has expressed interest to participate with its F-18 twin-engine planes. It opted to buy from the global market after it publicly rejected the navy version of the Tejas, saying it was overweight and would not meet its requirements. Parrikar also reiterated the country’s stand that 100 per cent foreign direct investment (FDI) in defence in select areas would be allowed only to bridge technology gaps, than a blanket approval. “Suppose someone comes to manufacture engines, which we don’t have technology in, I will definitely consider it. 100 per cent FDI in areas where I do not have any expertise, I will definitely consider it. What’s the point of getting stuck and continuing to import?” he said. Alnoor Peermohamed Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Boeing Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Gran Tierra Energy Inc. (GTE) Upgraded at CIBC PharmAthene, Inc. (PIP) Short Interest Update Pedevco Corp (PED) Short Interest Update Pedevco Corp (PED) Short Interest Update Insider Selling: NuVasive, Inc. (NUVA) Director Sells 6,049 Shares of Stock Verint Systems Inc. (VRNT) Price Target Increased to $43.00 by Analysts at Imperial Capital IPG Photonics Co. (IPGP) Upgraded to “Buy” by Dougherty & Co Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (RB) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank Of Canada IMI plc (IMI) Price Target Raised to GBX 1,400 at BNP Paribas Targa Resources, Inc. (TRGP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Seaport Global Securities LaSalle Hotel Properties (LHO) PT Set at $27.00 by Barclays PLC AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AMAG) Given a $24.00 Price Target by Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Lannett Co Inc (LCI) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Transocean Ltd. (RIG) Bond Prices Rise 1.8% Endo International PLC (ENDP) Debt Trading 1.8% Higher Primero Mining Corp (PPP) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts ResMed Inc. (RMD) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages TE Connectivity Ltd. (TEL) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Brokerages Set Hecla Mining Company (HL) PT at $6.12 Ohr Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (OHRP) Posts Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.02 EPS Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD Lowers Position in Boeing Company (The) (BA) February 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD lowered its position in Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) by 8.3% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 30,939,998 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock after selling 2,813,584 shares during the period. Boeing Company (The) accounts for approximately 0.8% of Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD’s holdings, making the stock its 16th largest position. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD owned about 0.05% of Boeing Company (The) worth $4,076,035,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in BA. Kernodle & Katon Asset Management Group LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Boeing Company (The) during the third quarter worth $102,000. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. increased its stake in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 124.9% in the third quarter. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. now owns 830 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $109,000 after buying an additional 461 shares during the period. Timber Creek Capital Management LLC increased its stake in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 325.0% in the third quarter. Timber Creek Capital Management LLC now owns 850 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $111,000 after buying an additional 650 shares during the period. Global X Management Co. LLC increased its stake in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 46.8% in the third quarter. Global X Management Co. LLC now owns 938 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $124,000 after buying an additional 299 shares during the period. Finally, TLP Group LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Boeing Company (The) during the third quarter worth $126,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 74.66% of the company’s stock. Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) opened at 168.03 on Tuesday. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $161.21 and a 200-day moving average of $144.68. The company has a market capitalization of $102.91 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 22.08 and a beta of 1.08. Boeing Company has a 1-year low of $105.00 and a 1-year high of $170.00. Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, January 25th. The aircraft producer reported $2.47 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $2.34 by $0.13. Boeing Company (The) had a net margin of 5.18% and a return on equity of 239.48%. The firm had revenue of $23.30 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $23.25 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business earned $1.60 EPS. The business’s quarterly revenue was down 1.2% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Boeing Company will post $9.28 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 3rd. Stockholders of record on Friday, February 10th will be paid a $1.42 dividend. This represents a $5.68 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.38%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, February 8th. This is a boost from Boeing Company (The)’s previous quarterly dividend of $1.09. Boeing Company (The)’s dividend payout ratio is 74.25%. “Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD Lowers Position in Boeing Company (The) (BA)” was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright legislation. The legal version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/14/price-t-rowe-associates-inc-md-lowers-position-in-boeing-company-the-ba.html. A number of analysts have recently weighed in on BA shares. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Boeing Company (The) from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. Royal Bank Of Canada started coverage on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a report on Thursday, January 12th. They set an “underperform” rating and a $136.00 price target for the company. Vetr raised shares of Boeing Company (The) from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $153.66 price target for the company in a report on Thursday, December 22nd. RBC Capital Markets reaffirmed a “sell” rating and set a $136.00 price target on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a report on Thursday, January 26th. Finally, Argus upped their price target on shares of Boeing Company (The) from $143.31 to $160.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, October 28th. Eight research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating and fourteen have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Boeing Company (The) currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $154.29. In other news, EVP J Michael Luttig sold 102,080 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, February 7th. The shares were sold at an average price of $166.76, for a total value of $17,022,860.80. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, SVP Thomas J. Downey sold 1,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 31st. The stock was sold at an average price of $163.93, for a total transaction of $163,930.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 206,827 shares of company stock worth $34,170,203 in the last quarter. Company insiders own 0.58% of the company’s stock. About Boeing Company (The) The Boeing Company is an aerospace firm. The Company operates in five segments: Commercial airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS) business, such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). Its Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft, which provides related support services to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Report: Trump kept Vice President in Dark About Russians and Flynn President Donald Trump Hosting Canada’s Prime Minister Justin Trudeau White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
  It appears your ad blocker is affecting our functionality. To continue reading, simply turn it off and refresh the page. E-Edition Stepsaver/Observers Citizens News Photo Reprints Contests Employment Dining About Us Advertising Newsroom History Forms Employment Privacy Terms of Use Contact Us Subscriptions Letters to the Editor Editorial and Opinion News Article News Tip Sports Department Website Issues Subscribe Activate Access Home Delivery Subscription Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Top Stories Advanced Search Calendar Weather Webcam Photo Reprints Lottery Contests Traffic Email Updates News Elections Local Election National Election Candidate Profiles Business Connecticut Local Morning 5 National New England Offbeat Today in History World Records Courts Inspections Police Bus Routes Sports The Zone UConn College Local sports MLB NBA NFL NHL Pro Sports Entertainment Arts Best Bets Movies Music Nightlife People Theater TV Lifestyle Wheels Horoscope Family Food Health Outdoors Technology Travel Tide Charts Social Moments Announcements Anniversaries Births Engagements Marriages Obits Opinion Editorials Syndicated Columnists Commentary Letters Your Page Columns Active Outdoors Beer Snob CT-Music Living Here Matter Of Laugh And Death Nature Off Stage Ride CT Sunday Reflections Blogs Gardening Off The Record Throwback Thursday Time Out What’s for Dinner Marketplace Place Ad Jobs Open Houses Legal Ads Dining Guide Coupons Newspaper Ads Special Sections Classifieds Announcements Employment Merchandise Pets & Animals Real Estate for Rent Real Estate for Sale Transportation – Autos Rec Vehicles Services Investment Falsified papers, sloppy work led FAA to fine Boeing February 13, 2017 - Business - Tagged: Freedom of Information - no comments By Dominic Gates TRIBUNE NEWS SERVICE SEATTLE – Though Boeing paid $12 million in late 2015 to settle more than a dozen Federal Aviation Administration investigations, details of the problems found by the safety agency were not disclosed at the time. Documents obtained this month by The Seattle Times through a Freedom of Information Act request show the cases revealed a disquieting pattern of falsified paperwork and ignored procedures that created quality issues on the production lines of Boeing and its suppliers. The FAA found that Boeing repeatedly failed to follow protocols designed to guard against production errors that put safety at risk. Some tasks were signed off as completed and checked when they were not. Other work was done without authorization. The result was multiple errors in manufacturing, some of which passed right through the system to airplanes in service. Boeing also failed to take corrective action in a timely way after issues were discovered, the FAA found. In one case, Air Canada ground crews in January 2015 discovered a 3-foot-wide puddle of fuel that had leaked from an engine pylon of the airline’s first 787 Dreamliner after it landed at an unnamed airport. Leaking fuel around a hot engine is a fire hazard. An FAA investigation revealed that Boeing had noted the leak nine months earlier, before it delivered the plane, and had supposedly reworked the pylon at a Seattle-area plant in the city of Everett to fix the problem. A mechanic and a quality-control inspector signed off on the rework as completed. But as the FAA noted, this “did not represent work performed.” In other words, the repair work hadn’t been done. Even after this instance of leaking fuel discovered on a jet carrying passengers, Boeing’s actions to prevent such an error from reoccurring were “unsatisfactory,” the FAA found. The FAA investigations also reached down into Boeing’s supply chain, where a more egregious violation was noted. In January 2015, a mechanic rigging a large 777 cargo door at a Boeing supplier was questioned about his work by an FAA investigator. The mechanic acknowledged that “he does not use the inspection tools required and enters false inspection data on the work order.” “He admitted to falsely entering the data for approximately 7-8 years,” the FAA letter of investigation states. Capt. John Cox, a veteran pilot and founder of Washington, D.C.-based aviation safety consultancy Safety Operating Systems, said this startling admission worried him far more than any of the inadvertent mistakes listed in the FAA investigation. “When you have a deliberate act, and a culture that condones such a deliberate act, that is of much greater concern from a safety standpoint,” Cox said. “If the culture is, ‘We’ve got to get it out the door,’ and we start creating workarounds and normalized deviations from required procedures, that’s a culture that it is far more likely to experience serious safety issues.” (EDITORS: STORY CAN END HERE) In addition to the relatively light fine in 2015, Boeing committed as part of the settlement to improve its internal quality oversight and management procedures. The FAA also put Boeing on probation for five years, subject to $24 million in additional penalties if it fails to carry through on those improvements. However, this is not the first time the FAA has found Boeing’s manufacturing controls wanting. Stay Informed. Get Top stories in your inbox. * indicates required Email Address * An intensive FAA audit in 2000 found “systemic” failures in the jetmaker’s quality control processes – chiefly inadequate inspection and deviance from required manufacturing procedures. That earlier investigation shook up the company’s relations with the FAA and prompted Boeing to add hundreds of full-time quality inspectors. Seventeen years after that audit, the 2015 FAA settlement represents a new shake-up as some of the same issues resurface. Responding to Seattle Times questions, Boeing defended its broad commitment to quality and safety, and offered specific responses to some of the incidents detailed in the reports. Boeing spokesman Doug Alder said, “None of these matters involved immediate safety of flight.” He added that the settlement “reflects the FAA’s recognition that (Boeing) has made a number of substantial improvements to its quality and compliance systems” following the investigations. “Boeing has worked with the FAA and invested significant resources to implement these improvements . including enhancing management oversight and accountability,” Alder said. As for the fuel-leak incident on the Air Canada 787, Alder said a subsequent audit determined that “this was an isolated event,” and the company took “immediate corrective action” against both the Boeing mechanic and the Boeing inspector involved. Air Canada spokesman Peter Fitzpatrick said the incident was one of “the typical types of issues that arise when introducing a new aircraft type.” Regarding the falsified supplier data in the rigging of 777 cargo doors, Alder said that after this incident, all 777 large cargo doors manufactured by that supplier were re-checked and met specifications. He added that Boeing’s standard tests would in any case have detected any non-conformance in the doors before delivery. Nevertheless, he said the supplier’s senior leadership had to present to Boeing a detailed plan to make sure it wouldn’t happen again, and the mechanic who had been falsifying data was retrained. (EDITORS: STORY CAN END HERE) Fuel leaks, missing tools, crossed wires Other failures in quality workmanship cited by the FAA included: -After an FAA audit of 787 production processes found loose nuts incorrectly installed without a locking safety wire, Boeing’s corrective action was found “insufficient to prevent further occurrences.” Subsequently, airlines found heavy fuel leaks on 787s in passenger service, due to lock wire being either missing or installed backward. The FAA issued an Airworthiness Directive warning airlines the situation was “unsafe” and ordering immediate inspection of the same fuel connections on all 787s to prevent possible fuel fires. Following that directive, airlines found five more 787s with the faulty fuel couplings. Boeing says it has revised work instructions and employee training “to prevent this from happening again.” -The wrong tool was used to rig a 777 passenger door, and was then discovered left inside the door after a flight. And another tool was found post-flight left inside the leading edge of a 777 wing. Boeing says it has changed procedures so that employees are required to check out and check in tools, and some are decorated with bright paint or with streamers “to increase tool visibility.” -Wiring bundles “on numerous aircraft at numerous station locations within the aircraft” had wires that were excessively taut, or bent too acutely, or riding over one another with crossovers unprotected, or installed without sufficient clearance. Poorly installed wiring can lead to electrical shorts. -Composites were cooked at too high a temperature at Boeing’s advanced composites center. -Tubing was not installed per the engineering drawing in 777s. -Decompression panels in the cargo bay of a 787 were improperly installed. A constant thread throughout the catalog of concerns in the investigation documents is that Boeing production workers and quality inspectors signed off on work that had not been done. Rules were also violated through lack of a required paper trail. Every step in the building of an airplane is supposed to be copiously documented, checked and rechecked. Yet the FAA found that parts and assemblies were removed and reworked, then reinstalled “without documentation or quality authorization,” the investigations showed. The FAA now has fewer on-site quality inspectors than it did 17 years ago and relies on Boeing to follow precise procedural checks to assure airplane safety. The safety agency’s main role is to check that Boeing sticks to the required quality assurance processes. Under the settlement, Boeing must provide the names and addresses of individual employees found to have falsely stamped any work, so the FAA could potentially initiate criminal prosecutions of such employees – though that has never actually happened at Boeing. The settlement also addresses weaknesses in Boeing’s supply chain. Boeing agreed to audit by last month a minimum percentage of its parts suppliers – the percentage was redacted in the documents the FAA provided – to determine if any are “accepting work that is not complete.” As part of the settlement, the FAA said it agreed to limit the fine to $12 million only because of Boeing’s “current and planned remedial efforts.” Capt. Cox said he generally has a high regard for Boeing’s commitment to safety and its system of repeated independent checks and so was surprised to hear of crucial details overlooked and failures passing through unnoticed. “First the worker and then a quality-assurance inspector both failing to address an issue such as a proper lockwire installation, this is not the Boeing way of doing business I’ve been familiar with – which is a culture of safety, a culture of procedural compliance,” he said. Given the millions of individual tasks that go into building each of the roughly 10,0000 Boeing aircraft now safely flying around the world, Cox said “it’s pretty self-evident that they have good solid procedures.” Still, he added, “they are not perfect.” “This audit found weaknesses and gives them the opportunity to improve. It sounds like the FAA did their job.” Share this: Email Print Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Pinterest Reddit More Skype LinkedIn Pocket Tumblr Telegram Related Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. More articles from Business Insurance branch recovers $7.5 million for Connecticut residents February 15, 2017 - Business - no comments The state Insurance Department recovered $7.5 million for policyholders and taxpayers last year, Insurance Commissioner Katharine L. Wade announced Wednesday. “Our intervention in 2016 helped thousands of policyholders get much-needed answers, resolution and the benefits to which they are entitled,”… Read Post → Casting Oscar: Foundry creates each statuette as work of art February 15, 2017 - Business - no comments ROCK TAVERN, N.Y. – Every Oscar fist-pumped or tearfully cradled by Academy Award winners is first cast, buffed and fussed over at a foundry far from Hollywood. Workers at the Polich Tallix fine art foundry, about 50 miles north of… Read Post → Study: Most drivers, not just young, are taking risks February 15, 2017 - Business - Tagged: Marijuana - no comments DETROIT – Young drivers aren’t alone in behaving badly on U.S. roads, a trend that could be contributing to a spike in highway deaths. Well over half of drivers in every age group have texted behind the wheel, run a… Read Post → Yahoo issues another warning in fallout from hacking attacks February 15, 2017 - Business - Tagged: Social media - no comments LONDON – Yahoo is warning users of potentially malicious activity on their accounts between 2015 and 2016, the latest development in the internet company’s investigation of a mega-breach that exposed 1 billion users’ data several years ago. Yahoo confirmed Wednesday… Read Post → Trump tells retail CEOs people will ‘love’ his tax plan February 15, 2017 - Business - Tagged: Donald Trump, Taxes - no comments WASHINGTON – President Donald Trump met Wednesday with the CEOs of large retailers like Target and Best Buy, who have a built-in concern: They’re worried about a possible border tax on imported goods. The president has provided scant details about… Read Post → Millions to fight food industry sway, from a snack bar CEO February 15, 2017 - Business - no comments NEW YORK – A $25 million pledge to fight the food industry’s influence on public health is coming from a surprising source – the CEO of a snack bar maker. Kind founder Daniel Lubetzky says he’s pledging his own money… Read Post → Yahoo issues new security warning to users February 15, 2017 - Business - no comments LONDON (AP) — Yahoo is warning users of potentially malicious activity on their accounts between 2015 and 2016. It’s the latest development in the internet company’s investigation of a mega-breach that exposed 1 billion users’ data several years ago. It’s… Read Post → Wal-Mart buys outdoor clothes and gear seller Moosejaw February 15, 2017 - Business - 2 comments NEW YORK (AP) — Wal-Mart has acquired the outdoor clothing and gear seller Moosejaw for $51 million as it expands its online offerings. The cash deal was announced Wednesday. Wal-Mart says Madison Heights, Michigan-based Moosejaw, which is largely online and… Read Post → Will Boeing workers defy South’s anti-unionization history? February 15, 2017 - Business - Tagged: Democratic Party, Donald Trump, Social media - no comments   NORTH CHARLESTON, S.C. (AP) — Nearly 3,000 production workers at Boeing’s South Carolina plant are deciding whether they want to unionize, writing the next chapter in efforts to organize labor in large manufacturing plants across the South. The first… Read Post → Germany concerned about possible sale of GM’s Opel February 15, 2017 - Business - no comments FRANKFURT, Germany (AP) — German politicians are expressing concern about a possible takeover of General Motors’ Opel division by France’s PSA Group, maker of Peugeot and Citroen cars. Chancellor Angela Merkel’s Cabinet discussed the possible consequences for German workers Wednesday…. Read Post → ‹ Older posts Newspaper Ads Latest News DPW facility cost increases 5 hours ago Holy Cross denies any merger plans 5 hours ago Police body cameras get OK 6 hours ago Gilbert budget plan up, as tuition decreases 6 hours ago Car crash ends pursuit 6 hours ago CategoriesCategories Select Category _Posts Announcements    Anniversaries    Births    Engagements    Marriages    Reunions Blogs    City Beat    Gardening    Off The Record    Pickin’ on Life    Throwback Thursday    What’s for Dinner Campership Cartoon Columns    Active Outdoors    Beer Snob    CT-Music    Living Here    Matter Of Laugh And Death    Nature    Off Stage    Ride CT    Sunday Reflections Community Entertainment    Arts    Best Bets    Movies    Music    Nightlife    People    Theater    TV Featured Gallery    Auto Racing Photo Gallery    College Sports    Graduations    Local Sports Photos    NASA Image of the day    News Gallery    NFL Photo Gallery    Social Moments    Top Sports Horoscope Lifestyle    Family    Food    Health    Home    Outdoors    Technology    Travel    wheels News    Bus Routes    Business    Connecticut    Elections       Candidate Profiles       Election Videos       Local Election       National Election          US Senate and House       State Elections    Local    Morning 5    National    New England    News Videos    Offbeat    Today in History    World Obituaries Opinion    Commentary    Editorials    Letters    Syndicated Columnists    Worth Reading    Your Page Records    Courts    Inspections    Police Special    Honor rolls Sports    Athlete of the Week    Auto Racing    College    Goalzone    Golf    High School    Hoopzone    Latest on The Zone    Local Sports       Local Sports Videos    MLB    NBA    NFL    NHL    Olympics    Pro Sports    Redzone    Soccer    Sports featured    Sports Gallery    Sports Videos    Strikezone    Sunday Six    The Zone test    UConn       Football       Men’s Basketball       The coaches       UConn video       Women’s Basketball Top Stories Valedictorians    Valedictorians 2016 Videos Polls Are you concerned after a Russian spy ship was spotted near Connecticut? Yes, that's reason for concern No, there's nothing to worry about View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive Reader Comments saints on Construction halted on mosque with too-tall minarets bmwm5 on Holy Cross denies any merger plans bmwm5 on Malloy decision falls on firefighters bmwm5 on Better rail service urged saints on Mexican national caught with coke in Waterbury Towns Barkhamsted Beacon Falls Bethlehem Bridgewater Burlington Canaan Cheshire Colebrook Cornwall Falls Village Goshen Harwinton Kent Litchfield Middlebury Morris Naugatuck New Hartford Norfolk Oxford Plymouth Prospect Roxbury Salisbury Seymour Sharon Southbury Thomaston Torrington Warren Waterbury Watertown Winsted Wolcott Woodbury Lottery Powerball for 02/15/2017 05-28-33-38-42 PB-19Next Drawing: Sat. Feb. 18Next Jackpot: $PENDING Mega Millions for 02/14/2017 07-11-33-60-68 MB-15 MP-5Next Drawing: Fri. Feb. 17Next Jackpot: $46.0 Million; Est. Cash Value: $27.7 Lotto! for 02/14/2017 16-23-30-32-36-41Next Drawing: Fri. Feb. 17Next Jackpot: $2.7 Million; Est. Cash Value: $2,199,000 Lucky for Life for 02/13/2017 04-09-38-41-42 LB-05Next Drawing: Thu. Feb. 16 Cash5 for 02/15/2017 11-22-26-30-32 Upcoming Events Jan 29 Sun 7:18 pm 2nd Annual Juried Members Exhibi... @ Mattatuck Museum 2nd Annual Juried Members Exhibi... @ Mattatuck Museum Jan 29 @ 7:18 pm – Mar 19 @ 8:18 pm Exhibition of works by chosen artists of Mattatuck Museum’s second annual juried members exhibition, “Mixmaster.” Ends March 19. Opening reception 1 to 3 p.m. 10:55 pm Mixmaster Exhibition @ Mattatuck Museum, Mixmaster Exhibition @ Mattatuck Museum, Jan 29 @ 10:55 pm – Mar 19 @ 11:55 pm Open reception 1-3 p.m. Parking free behind museum. Feb 16 Thu 8:30 am Arts Grants Session @ Warner Theatre Arts Grants Session @ Warner Theatre Feb 16 @ 8:30 am The Northwest Connecticut Arts Council will host a final information session regarding the 2017-18 Connecticut Office of the Arts (COA) grant programs. The meeting will be Thursday, Feb. 16, at 8:30 a.m. the Warner Studio Theatre lobby, 68 Main St.... 10:00 am “Sacred Moments” @ Wisdom House Retreat and Conference Center “Sacred Moments” @ Wisdom House Retreat and Conference Center Feb 16 @ 10:00 am – 4:00 pm The Marie Louise Trichet Art Gallery at Wisdom House Retreat and Conference Center, 299 East Litchfield Road, has opened a new exhibit, “Sacred Moments.” The joint exhibit features the combined works of New London artist Ashby Carlisle and New Hartford... 10:00 am Job Search Assistance @ Town Green Job Search Assistance @ Town Green Feb 16 @ 10:00 am – 12:00 pm Also 1 to 3 p.m. Coach staff can offer suggestions of popular employment websites and critique existing resumes. No appointment required. View Calendar Add Add to Timely Calendar Add to Google Add to Outlook Add to Apple Calendar Add to other calendar Export to XML Featured Ads BANTAM BANTAM 2rm apt., all utils. included. Bi wkly or monthly. Call 860-921-3548, 860-489-8380 WATERBURY WATERBURY tired of viewing dirty, neglected apts, ours are clean & updated. 2 & 3BR Hopeville $725 & $825. 2BR Town Plot $850. 203-729-2269, 203-805-1680. Comments Popular Today Week Month All Construction halted on mosque with too-tall minarets Mexican national caught with coke in Waterbury Unfortunately, Trump is fulfilling what he promised Legislators considering workers comp for first responders PTSD Senate seeks to block rule barring mentally ill from buying guns Today Week Month All Police looking for suspect in Wolcott burglary Mexican national caught with coke in Waterbury Jury finds for New Milford couple against contractor Hit-and-run accident downtown Charene R. Westerfield Featured Ads Featured Coupons Sign up for Email Updates Email Updates Top Stories Town News Lifestyle News Daily News Update Entertainment News The Zone Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Republican American 389 Meadow St Waterbury CT 06712 203 574-3636 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
facebook twitter google plus email POWERED BY facebook twitter instagram USA TODAY PRIVACY POLICY TERMS OF SERVICE CONTACT US COLLEGES BY STATE Alaska Alabama Arkansas Arizona California Colorado Connecticut District Of Columbia Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Iowa Idaho Illinois Indiana Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Massachusetts Maryland Maine Michigan Minnesota Missouri Mississippi Montana North Carolina North Dakota Nebraska New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico Nevada New York Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Virginia Vermont Washington Wisconsin West Virginia Wyoming Powered by WordPress.com VIP NEWS CAMPUS LIFE CAREER PATH GREAT CAREER SUCCESS DEBATE COLLEGE CHOICE THE LOWDOWN FROM COLLEGE FACTUAL STUDY ABROAD Menu Menu NEWS CAMPUS LIFE CAREER PATH GREAT CAREER SUCCESS DEBATE COLLEGE CHOICE THE LOWDOWN FROM COLLEGE FACTUAL STUDY ABROAD facebook twitter instagram Menu White Supremacy   Alt-right   Rutgers University   The University Of Texas At Austin   The University Of Texas   American Vanguard   Posters   Islamophobia   Fliers   Brianna Stone   Patrick DeHahn   Northwestern University   U.C. Berkeley   The University Of Alabama   University Of Washington   Most Valuable Majors  NEWS Breaking News Campus Life Careers Election 2016 College Choice Study Abroad Tech Voices HOUSING Apartments Houses Roommates Sublets Renters Insurance Storage Moving JOBS Part-Time Jobs Full-Time Jobs Internships Babysitting Jobs Tutoring Jobs Restaurant Jobs Retail Jobs TUTORS In-Person Tutors Online Tutors TEXTBOOKS Sell Textbooks Rent Textbooks Buy Textbooks TEST PREP GMAT Test Prep GRE Test Prep LSAT Test Prep MCAT Test Prep DAT Test Prep OAT Test Prep PCAT Test Prep STUDY ABROAD England Study Abroad Italy Study Abroad China Study Abroad Spain Study Abroad France Study Abroad Germany Study Abroad Australia Study Abroad South Africa Study Abroad Brazil Study Abroad Intern Abroad MORE Online Courses ScholarshipsStudent Travel Insurance Food Delivery Tickets Student Loans Refinance Student Loans News Classifieds Breaking News Campus Life Careers Election 2016 College Choice Study Abroad Tech Voices All News Housing Jobs Tutors Textbooks Test Prep Study Abroad Scholarships Storage Moving Online Courses Student Travel Insurance Food Delivery Tickets Student Loans Refinance Student Loans All Classifieds Find Your School x NEWS Breaking News Campus Life Careers Election 2016 College Choice Study Abroad Tech Voices All News Housing Post Housing Apartments Houses Roommates Sublets Renters Insurance Storage Moving All Housing Jobs Post Jobs Part-Time Jobs Full-Time Jobs Internships Babysitting Jobs Tutoring Jobs Restaurant Jobs Retail Jobs All Jobs Tutors In-Person Tutors Online Tutors All Tutors Textbooks Sell Textbooks Rent Textbooks Buy Textbooks All Textbooks Test Prep GMAT Test Prep GRE Test Prep LSAT Test Prep MCAT Test Prep DAT Test Prep OAT Test Prep PCAT Test Prep All Test Prep Study Abroad England Study Abroad Italy Study Abroad China Study Abroad Spain Study Abroad France Study Abroad Germany Study Abroad Australia Study Abroad South Africa Study Abroad Brazil Study Abroad Intern Abroad All Study Abroad More Online Courses Scholarships Student Travel Insurance Food Delivery Tickets Student Loans Employers: Post Jobs Property Managers: Post Housing News >Campus Life >This college senior juggles school and a job with NASA like it's no big deal CAMPUS LIFE This college senior juggles school and a job with NASA like it's no big deal By Brooke Metz 6:00 pm EST February 13, 2017 1.0k share SHARE TWEET SMS SEND EMAIL Tiera Guinn hasn’t graduated college yet but she’s already working on projects for NASA. The Massachusetts Institute of Technology senior has worked as a rocket structural design and analysis engineer since June 2016. She designs rocket components for ventures to Mars and other deep space destination, and analyzes them to ensure they won’t break during flight. She’s living out a dream she’s had since she was 11 years old. Guinn remembers seeing a plane and wanting to know how to build one. “I’d had a passion to become a mathematician, inventor — everything you can think of under STEM (science, technology, engineering and math), but when I looked at the plane, I wanted to do that,” Guinn tells USA TODAY College. “I got stuck on that.” (Photo: Tiera Guinn) That interest sparked her desire to study aerospace engineering, which led to her current role. After a Boeing representative visited MIT in 2016, Guinn accepted her dream job with the company working on NASA projects. She works with the structural design and analysis team at Boeing’s Huntsville, Ala. location on school breaks and puts in about 20 hours a week working remotely from campus — all while maintaining a semester’s load of classes. “I’ve seen the design (for the rocket) come into fruition somewhat so far,” says Guinn, 22. “I love looking at something I’m designing and realizing it will be built.” Guinn’s success doesn’t surprise her mentor Orren Williams, who taught her high school engineering classes. “She’s fulfilling her dream, but it wasn’t handed to her — she has worked every step of the way,” Williams says. “She was one of those students who made me get up in morning looking forward to go to class.” Guinn says her drive comes from the significance of her work. “The best part is knowing that what I’m building is going to affect the world and mankind,” she says. “This rocket can really change what we visualize as possible.” Guinn counts Katherine Johnson, a NASA mathematician, as one of her role models. Johnson’s work made instrumental strides in sending the first American to space. What’s more, it inspired the Oscar-nominated, box office hit Hidden Figures. RELATED: In honor of ‘Hidden Figures,’ here are 10 trailblazing women who changed STEM forever “Even in those times, when everything was against her, she still did what she wanted to get done and made history as a result,” Guinn says. “She’s been a huge motivation in my study.” Like Johnson, Guinn is no stranger to challenges. She says she focuses on the support she has received instead of the obstacles yet to come. “My parents always told me that others don’t declare the fate of your destiny,” she says. “It’s up to you to achieve the dream you set in the first place.” Guinn will become a full-time employee in August and will continue to work with rockets. “My most memorable experience in college has been implementing what I’ve learned and experienced,” says Guinn, who serves on the Black Women’s Alliance and also choreographs African dance at MIT. “It’s great because it gets to continue after I graduate.” She may have already achieved her childhood dream, but Guinn shows no signs of slowing down. She plans to create an organization for low-income students that will inspire them to reach their goals as well. “I always like to make the dream larger after it’s achieved,” Guinn says. “I want to pass on the resources I’ve received and much more.” Brooke Metz is a member of the USA TODAY College contributor network. This article comes from the USA TODAY College Contributor network. The views expressed in this article do not necessarily reflect the views of USA TODAY. You understand that we have no obligation to monitor any discussion forums, blogs, photo- or video-sharing pages, or other areas of the Site through which users can supply information or material. However, we reserve the right at all times, in our sole discretion, to screen content submitted by users and to edit, move, delete, and/or refuse to accept any content that in our judgment violates these Terms of Service or is otherwise unacceptable or inappropriate, whether for legal or other reasons. aerospace engineering, Boeing, Brooke Metz, engineering, Hidden Figures, MIT, NASA, STEM careers, Tiera Guinn, CAMPUS LIFE  1.0k share SHARE TWEET SMS SEND EMAIL Related Stories News In honor of 'Hidden Figures,' here are 10 trailblazing women who changed STEM forever News Bernie and Hillary are among the class of 2017 commencement speakers News How one Wake Forest cancer survivor is using socks to inspire patients Comments Recently on USA TODAY College 0 reply 5hr News Khizr Khan decries lack of 'moral compass' at Harvard forum News· 11:24 pm EST February 15, 2017 · Chelsie Arnold, Eastern New Mexico University Mr. Khan pulled out his famous pocket-sized Constitution and recited. 0 reply 10hr CAMPUS BEAT 'Muslim-free America' posters turn up on multiple college campuses CAMPUS BEAT· 5:51 pm EST February 15, 2017 · Patrick deHahn and Brianna Stone, University of Texas at Austin The fliers are branded with the logo of American Vanguard, a pro-white group. 0 reply 13hr CAREER PATH Calling all computer science majors: jobs are waiting for you CAREER PATH· 3:12 pm EST February 15, 2017 · Matthew Wilson Are too few students majoring in computer science? VIDEO Guess who Jesse McCartney wants to win Super Bowl LI? By: Scott Behrens, University of Wisconsin-Madison 12:00 pm EST February 4, 2017 Here's what the Women's March D.C. looked like to college women There's already a campaign to impeach Donald Trump Georgia Tech's swim team does drills in the snow 0 reply 14hr TECH Carnegie Mellon students launch Refill, a mobile app used to order drinks TECH· 2:21 pm EST February 15, 2017 · Valene Mezmin, The Tartan The user can even see who’s making the order. 0 reply 14hr LIFESTYLE 3 college YouTube stars share their secrets to success LIFESTYLE· 1:30 pm EST February 15, 2017 · Scott Behrens, University of Wisconsin-Madison It’s easy as 1, 2, 3. 0 reply 15hr LIFESTYLE Spoiler alert: Nearly half of Netflix watchers ‘cheat’ on their significant other LIFESTYLE· 12:28 pm EST February 15, 2017 · Sean Rossman, USA TODAY Netflix is serious business in relationships. 0 reply 16hr TECH Disney, YouTube cut ties with PewDiePie over anti-Semitic videos TECH· 11:36 am EST February 15, 2017 · Brett Molina YouTube’s biggest star “went too far” WORK WITH US! THE BUZZ CORRESPONDENT PROGRAM CONTACT US GET TOP STORIES DELIVERED WEEKLY Top 5 CAMPUS LIFE Articles This college senior juggles school and a job with NASA like it's no big deal 3:21 pm EST September 4, 2012 CAMPUS LIFE Different booze, different buzz? It's a myth. Really. 3:21 pm EST September 4, 2012 CAMPUS LIFE 'Victimhood culture' has taken over college campuses, alleges new book 3:21 pm EST September 4, 2012 ARTS 3 college YouTube stars share their secrets to success 3:21 pm EST September 4, 2012 CAMPUS LIFE How to prepare for disaster when you're studying abroad 3:21 pm EST September 4, 2012 CAMPUS LIFE USA TODAY PRIVACY POLICY TERMS OF SERVICE CONTACT US COLLEGES BY STATE Alaska Alabama Arkansas Arizona California Colorado Connecticut District Of Columbia Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Iowa Idaho Illinois Indiana Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Massachusetts Maryland Maine Michigan Minnesota Missouri Mississippi Montana North Carolina North Dakota Nebraska New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico Nevada New York Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Virginia Vermont Washington Wisconsin West Virginia Wyoming Powered by WordPress.com VIP More Information Log In or Sign Up Student sign up Post a job Log In to Favorite articles and Post listings Email Address Remember my email address on this computer Password Forgot your password? Not a Student? Employers can list job opportunities for students Post a Job Housing Providers can list available housing Post Housing Sign Up Student Sign Up or Log In or Email Address First Name Last Name Password Confirm Password Class Select Grad Year Major Select Major What best describes you? (optional) Student Parent School Business Already have an account? Enter College Name to See Local Results Log In Email Address Remember my email address on this computer Password Forgot your password? Contact Us Name​ Please enter your Name Your Email Please enter your Email Message Please enter your Message Verification #'s Please enter correct Validation Code Mailing Address: Uloop Inc. 43155 Main Street Suite 2300E Novi, MI 48375 Telephone Support: 312.854.7605 Email Support: uloopcustomerservice@gmail.com Forgot your password? Email Address Please enter valid Email Address! Your new password has been sent to your email! Logout Successful! Find Your School You just missed it! This listing has been filled. Post your own housing listing on Uloop and have students reach out to you! Post Classifieds Upload An Image Please select an image to upload Note: must be in .png, .gif or .jpg format OR Provide URL where image can be downloaded Note: must be in .png, .gif or .jpg format First Name Please enter First Name Last Name Please enter Last Name Phone Please enter Phone Email Please enter Email Message Please enter Message By clicking this button, you agree to the terms of use Please enter Email By clicking “Submit” I agree to the USA Today College Terms of Use. Image not available. Success, your registration has been submitted An email has been sent to you with a link to verify your registration Image not available. Only members can view the content you have requested. New to Uloop? Please enter First Name Please enter Last Name Please enter Email Address Please select Grad Year Select Grad Year 201720182019202020212022202320242025 Already a Member? By clicking Get Started or Sign In you agree to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service Maybe Later » Let's get social Follow USA TODAY College on Facebook and Twitter and never miss a story Post to Cancel
Skip to main content area You can close this video in 5 seconds.   LIVE SMARTER Smart Shopping BIG QUESTIONS Lists VIDEOS QUIZZES STORE PLUS Amazing Facts Job Secrets Language Space Weather World War I Kennections LIVE SMARTER SMART SHOPPING BIG QUESTIONS LISTS VIDEOS QUIZZES PLUS Amazing Facts Job Secrets Language Space Weather World War I Kennections STORE What a Square Mile of a City's Grid Looks Like Around the World Share Shaunacy Ferro filed under: cities, design, Maps, travel Like us on Facebook An easy way to tell how long a city has been around is to look at it from above: modern cities tend to have wide, even street grids that are easy to navigate by car. Ancient cities like Rome, by contrast, look like a pile of spaghetti from a bird’s eye view. It’s not just an aesthetic difference—it’s fundamentally easier to walk around the small blocks of downtown Manhattan (where the Dutch first established a trading post in 1624) versus the wide lanes of Irvine, California, a master-planned suburb built in the 1960s. To get a better idea, check out these grid maps by UC Berkeley city planning researcher Geoff Boeing (as spotted over on FlowingData). Boeing’s visualizations compare aerial views of different cities around the world through one-square-mile snapshots, created using an algorithm that pulls from OpenStreetMap. The unified scale of the visualizations makes it easy to quantify how walking around different places feels. City blocks differ in both size and shape. An aerial view of downtown Paris looks like a windshield that just had a bad encounter with a flying rock. A similar view of Portland looks like a chicken-wire fence. If you look closely, you can compare the width of streets and highways: The maps also show where even the most uniform city grids are interrupted. Since the 1960s, Portland’s dense, walking-friendly blocks have had a giant highway cut through them. Atlanta, too, is a tangle of highways. San Francisco is filled with alleys, as is Tunis. If you look at all of the grids, you can see the difference between cities that were meticulously planned and those that sprang up organically. Dubai and Sacramento look like they were drawn by a city planner’s pencil, but Osaka and Boston clearly expanded more haphazardly over the centuries. The symmetrical boulevards and diagonal side streets of Paris are the result of the 19th century plans of Georges-Eugène Haussmann, who was hired by Napoleon to help remake the city. They are all a good reminder that the easiest cities to get around don’t always have the simplest maps. Rome may look like a tangle of winding streets, but that tight network is much easier to traverse than the very few streets that intersect in a square mile of Irvine’s street grid. And from street level, those tiny blocks tend to look a lot more interesting than big suburban intersections. [h/t FlowingData] All images courtesy Geoff Boeing More from mental_floss...  The 25 Most Powerful TV Shows of the Last 25 Years  12 Strange-But-Real Ice Cream Flavors  11 Rejected Canadian Flag Designs  Cashew Nuts Grow Out of Crazy Apples February 13, 2017 - 7:30pm Share Shaunacy Ferro shaunacysays Shaunacy Ferro is a senior staff writer for MentalFloss.com. Her work has previously appeared in Fast Company, Popular Science, and Architect magazine, among others. She lives in Brooklyn and spends most of her free time taking photos of her cat. View the discussion thread. . POPULAR ON mental_floss Viewed Past: 1 day 1 week 1 month 1 year POPULAR ON mental_floss Opening Your Car Door Like the Dutch Do Can Save Cyclists' Lives Why Is AriZona Iced Tea Cheaper Than Water? 11 Actors Who Asked for Their Characters to Be Killed Off POPULAR ON mental_floss There's a Wire Above Manhattan That You've Probably Never Noticed 7 Songs That Aren't Quite as Romantic as They Sound Can You Spot the Heart Among These Snails? POPULAR ON mental_floss The World's Countries Swapped According to Their Population Why Can't Some People See Magic Eye Pictures? Why Do Some Sections of Sidewalk Have Bumps? POPULAR ON mental_floss What a Square Mile of a City's Grid Looks Like Around the World What's the Purpose of the Teeny Pocket In a Pair of Blue Jeans? 50 Amazing Puns From Past Pun Competitions POPULAR ON mental_floss 14 Terms of Affection from Across the U.S. The Strange Life and Mysterious Death of Kim Jong-nam, Kim Jong-un's Brother Would You Have Passed This 1920s Pronunciation Test? POPULAR ON mental_floss The Early 2000s-Era Nokia 3310 May Be Returning to Stores The History of the Conversation Heart Why is the Passenger Seat Called "Shotgun"? NEWSLETTER A super-skimmable daily digest. Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Subscribe To Our Newsletter A super-skimmable Daily Digest filled with fun stories from our editors. About Privacy Authors RSS Terms Contact Customer Service Store ©2016 Mental Floss, Inc. All rights reserved. Mental Floss® is a registered trademark owned by Felix Dennis. mentalfloss.com is a trademark owned by Felix Dennis.
View mobile site View mobile site Follow us on         Tulsa's 24-Hour News, Weather and Traffic Hi, (not you?) | Member Center | Sign Out Sign In | Register recent on-air advertisers Now Playing Now PlayingNews-Talk 740 KRMG Tulsa's 24-Hour News, ... Listen Live Search Home News Top Stories Oklahoma News US News World News Breaking News Text Alerts Weather 5-Day Forecast KRMG NexRad HD Radar Severe Weather Preparedness TAKE ACTION: Avoid illness during the summer heat Winter Weather Tips Severe Weather Text Alerts School/Business/Church Closings LIVE StormCenter Chase Cameras Traffic Accidents in Tulsa Current ODOT Construction Projects Traffic Cameras Find the lowest gas prices Accident Report Form Red Alert Traffic Notifications The KRMG Morning News Behind the Scenes Blog JAMIE DUPREE Jamie Dupree on Twitter Inside KRMG Air Staff Submit A News Tip KRMG Insider Newsletter Event Guide Community Page How To Advertise On KRMG Concerts Contact Us CoxHSHub.com Tulsa Live Events Union Football Shows KRMG Morning News Herman Cain Rush Limbaugh Sean Hannity KRMG Evening News Clark Howard Kilmeade & Friends The Dana Show Chad Benson Show Wheels Car Care Show KRMG.com Presents Voices of Oklahoma Radio KRMG Ask the Experts Weekend The KRMG Gardening Show Contests The KRMG App KRMG TEXT ALERTS Breaking News Alerts Weather Alerts Red Alert Traffic - transitioning to app! 3 Big Things Home   >  AP   >  Top News Updated: 8:03 p.m. Wednesday, Feb. 15, 2017 | Posted: 8:03 p.m. Wednesday, Feb. 15, 2017 Boeing workers maintain South's anti-unionization history Related View Larger  FILE - In this Tuesday, Feb. 16, 2016 file photo, An engine and part of a wing from the 100th 787 Dreamliner to be built at Boeing of South Carolina's North Charleston, S.C., facility are seen outside the plant. The morning round of voting has concluded Wednesday, Feb. 15, 2017, among South Carolina Boeing workers considering if they want representation by a union. Nearly 3,000 production workers are eligible to vote in the election to determine if they'll be represented by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. (Brad Nettles/The Post and Courier via AP, File) By MEG KINNARD The Associated Press NORTH CHARLESTON, S.C. — Production workers at Boeing's South Carolina plant voted Wednesday not to join the Machinists, maintaining southern reluctance toward unionization. Vote totals weren't immediately available. Under NLRB rules, workers must wait a year before another union vote. In a statement, Machinists organizer Mike Evans said the union was disappointed with the vote but vowed to stay in close touch with Boeing workers to figure out next steps. "Ultimately it will be the workers who dictate what happens next," Evans said. "We've been fortunate enough to talk with hundreds of Boeing workers over the past few years. Nearly every one of them, whether they support the union or not, have improvements they want to see at Boeing. Frankly, they deserve better." The vote among nearly 3,000 workers preceded by two days a visit by President Donald Trump to attend the rollout of the first Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner from the aircraft maker's campus. If successful, the balloting on whether employees should join the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers would have sent a significant message to politicians in the region and Washington that workers here want the same protections and benefits as those in other areas. And, to leaders trying to recruit businesses by promoting their states' lack of union presence, it'd it would have made their jobs more difficult. But this most recent test of Southern acceptance of collective bargaining movements was an uphill battle for the union and its backers. The global aviation giant, which came to South Carolina in part because of the state's minuscule union presence, did so with the aid of millions of dollars in state assistance made possible by officials who spoke out frequently and glowingly with anti-union messages. "It is an economic development tool," Gov. Nikki Haley, now President Donald Trump's ambassador to the United Nations, said in a 2012 address of how she sold companies on coming to the state. "We'll make the unions understand full well that they are not needed, not wanted and not welcome in the state of South Carolina." At least that part of the tactic has worked. Only about 52,000 South Carolina workers have union representation, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics' 2016 figures. Other major manufacturers in the state, including BMW and Michelin, aren't unionized or haven't experienced major campaigns to do so. The Machinists initially petitioned for a vote at Boeing in 2015 but withdrew the request because of what the union called a toxic atmosphere and political interference. Another facet of union opposition in this heavily Republican state is political, given the longstanding relationship between organized labor and Democratic politics. Any lenience toward unions could be seen as giving Democrats a toehold here. Southern states for decades have recruited manufacturers by promising freedom from the influences of labor unions, which except for some textile mills have been historically rejected by workers as collective action culturally foreign to a South built around family farms, said Jeffrey Hirsch, a law professor who specializes in labor relations at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. A successful union vote at Boeing would have had a greater regional impact than Volkswagen workers' efforts to unionize in Chattanooga, Tennessee. Anti-union advocates cited VW as an aberration since representatives of one of its key unions in Germany hold seats on the company's board of directors, Hirsch said. "Boeing is very, very different," Hirsch said. "No one will ever accuse Boeing of being pro-union." Boeing didn't threaten to move its operations abroad if workers unionized, perhaps abstaining from those threats because of its huge South Carolina plant investment and billions of dollars in federal defense contracts the company does not want to risk. The union vote also came after Trump blasted Boeing for the cost of building a new Air Force One. "Costs are out of control," Trump tweeted in early December. "Cancel order!" Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg met with Trump two weeks later. Catherine Templeton, South Carolina's former labor director and successful anti-union lawyer, is no stranger to this fight. When Haley picked Templeton to lead South Carolina's labor department, the governor played up Templeton's union-fighting background and saying she needed her help to "fight the unions" at Boeing. "They cannot legally deliver higher wages, better benefits or a different working environment. Even if they are promising it, they certainly can't deliver it," Templeton said. Asked earlier Wednesday about the vote, South Carolina Gov. Henry McMaster said he didn't feel unions were needed in this state, where Boeing and other companies have been successful, and where, he feels, workers are generally happy. "I think we're doing just fine without a union presence," he said. In a statement emailed to reporters, Boeing vice president and general manager Joan Robinson-Berry was already looking toward Trump's visit, the first by a sitting president to the company's North Charleston facilities. "It is great to have this vote behind us as we come together to celebrate that event," she said. ___ This story has been corrected to show that 52,000 South Carolina workers have union representation, rather than 1,900. ___ Emery Dalesio contributed to this report from Raleigh, North Carolina. ___ Kinnard can be reached at http://twitter.com/MegKinnardAP . Read more of her work at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/meg-kinnard/ . Copyright The Associated Press     Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile @KRMGTulsa Trending News Facebook comments on domestic abuse land Oklahoma deputy in hot water Second, third arrests made after death of North Korean leader’s half-brother Mexican mother of 4 takes refuge in Denver church Little Caesars founder quietly paid Rosa Parks’ rent for years President Trump won't fill out NCAA brackets on ESPN   News/Weather/Traffic News Weather Traffic Event Guide Events Follow and Share RSS Feeds Advertisers and Sponsors How to Advertise Recent on-air advertisers Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu Valpak Tulsa Coupons Rare - America's News Feed About Us Contact Us Work With Us EEOC Statement Help Audio Help Video Help Search Help   © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group   View mobile site View mobile site Enterprise Feedback Management Survey Software Sign In / Register Sign in with your existing account {* loginWidget *} Sign in with your email {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? {* /userInformationForm *} New User?Create a New Account Sign In / Register Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign In / Register Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Use another account {* /userInformationForm *} You're Almost Done! Select a display name and password {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Tell us about yourself {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_gender *} *Indicates Required Field {* agreeToTerms *} {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Create a New Account Select a display name and password Already have an account? Sign In {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Tell us about yourself {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_gender *} *Indicates Required Field {* agreeToTerms *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a New Account Already have an account? Sign In {* #registrationFormBlank *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddressBlank *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_gender *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirmBlank *} *Indicates Required Field {* agreeToTerms *} {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank you for registering! We have sent you a confirmation email. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Close Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Close Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Resend Email Verification To sign in you must verify your email address. Fill out the form below and we'll send you an email to verify. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* resendVerification_emailAddress *} {* newPasswordFormButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Sign in
Right now Today's high Today's low Full weather report Full traffic report News Weather Traffic Markets Go Skip to Main Window News Local Weather Traffic Closings National News Video Blogs Sports Phillies High School Eagles Flyers Sixers Blogs National Sports Video Business Entertainment News & Gossip Music Lifestyle Features / People Blogs Blogtown Food Obituaries Opinion Our say Sound off Letters to the Editor Columnists Blogs Blogs Staff Blogs Community Blogs Marketplace Jobs Weekly Ads Local Guide Today's Ads Classifieds Public Notices Tools Contact Us Advertise with Us Submit Announcements Work for Us Order Photo Reprints Contests Subscribe Manage Your Subscription E-Paper Mobile Apps Email Newsletter Sign up Manage Email Newsletters RSS Newspapers in Education GasBuddy # Twitter Reddit Pinterest ... Email Print Tumblr LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tweet Home â News Downingtown graduate honors coach with a scholarship in his name The Downingtown Education Foundation announced the creation of the Jerome Nowak Scholarship for $5,000, the gift of a former Downingtown High School student who wanted to remember his coach. Pictured from left to right are: Downingtown area school board member Jane Bertone, Mrs. Nowak, Coach Jerome Nowak, Downingtown Education Foundation Executive Director Jackie Fenn, school board President Colleen Cranney and Downingtown schools Superintendent Lawrence J. Mussoline. Submitted Photo – Downingtown Area School District By Staff Report Posted: 02/15/17, 5:27 PM EST | Updated: 6 hrs ago # Comments EAST CALN >> There is no greater gift a teacher can receive than to be remembered fondly by a former student. The Downingtown Education Foundation (DCEF) announced such a gift on Feb. 8 during the Downingtown area school board meeting. They broadcast the creation of the Jerome Nowak Scholarship for $5,000, the gift of a former Downingtown High School student who wanted to remember his coach. While a student at Downingtown, Brett Gerry ran cross-country track coached by current Downingtown West High School tech ed teacher Jerome Nowak. Gerry, the president of Boeing Japan graduated from Downingtown High School in 1989, prior to its split into Downingtown East and Downingtown West. Gerry went on to earn a bachelor’s degree in political science and economics from Colgate University, an M.A. in political science from Yale University and a J.D. from Yale Law School. Advertisement As Gerry moved on with his life, serving as an associate counsel to President George Bush, an attorney for Goodwin Procter LLP, a law clerk at both the United States Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit, and the Supreme Court of the United States before moving on to Boeing, he remembered his favorite coach. Gerry noted that Coach Nowak was his cross-country coach for all four years at Downingtown. DCEF Executive Director Jackie Fenn read a letter to the school board members that Gerry wrote of his great respect and admiration for his former coach. “We won two Ches-Mont titles and qualified for the Pennsylvania State Championships my senior year,” he wrote. “Coach Nowak was a terrific coach and mentor, with an understated style and smile. He made us not only better athletes, but also, I believe, better people, both through his guidance and most often, through his example. He taught everyone who ran for him the importance of perseverance, sportsmanship, decency and respect for others, and, above all else, humility. I am supporting this scholarship both to commemorate the long career of a superb educator, but also to support the worthwhile cause of encouraging students to purse technical and vocational training after graduation. I am convinced that it is a national priority to support the development of STEM.” STEM stands for the fields of science, technology, engineering and math. Subscribe to Home Delivery for only $2.50 per week! Top Stories ‹ › MOST POPULAR Day Week News Sports Biz A&E Email Life Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Daily Local News Facebook Twitter RSS Feed Copyright © Daily Local News Copyright notice Privacy Policy Site Map Arbitration Digital First Media
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #BudgetSpeech #Personal I-T rate #Budget2017 #PopulistBudget #IRCTC News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News U.S. lawmakers grill Yellen on interest rates, regulatory policy U.S. lawmakers grill Yellen on interest rates, regulatory policy Business Standard Global aerospace boom is over, but likely no bust ahead - analyst Reuters  |  SEATTLE  February 16, 2017 Last Updated at 00:43 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UTQe0Q ALSO READ Oil down ahead of first likely U.S. crude build in six weeks Snap's older user base slowly growing ahead of IPO - analyst Taneja Aerospace & Aviation to hold board meeting Taneja Aerospace & Aviation to hold AGM Taneja Aerospace & Aviation reports standalone net profit of Rs 0.67 crore in the September 2016 quarter By Alwyn Scott SEATTLE (Reuters) - Demand for jetliners made by Boeing Co and Airbus is in decline but no big bust for the industry lies ahead, a leading analyst said on Wednesday, noting that military aircraft sales should rise. "The great boom is over," Richard Aboulafia, analyst at Teal Group, said at an industry conference near Seattle on Wednesday. "But I don't see a bust cycle" unless there's a trade war, he added. An industry slowdown has implications for investors and suppliers trying to anticipate the flow of orders as a guide the capacity they will need to meet changes in aircraft production. Multi-year backlogs of jetliner orders at both big plane makers will cushion the downturn, along with rising sales of military aircraft, especially spy and fighter planes as defence spending is expected to rise at least initially under U.S. President Donald Trump, he added. Higher interest rates and a possible border tax on imports could hurt the U.S. aerospace industry, however, by causing the dollar to strengthen further, Aboulafia said. Also, the risk of a major trade dispute is as high as at any time since World War II, he added. A U.S. trade dispute with China would likely benefit European plane maker Airbus since China could easily retaliate against the U.S. by curbing orders of Boeing planes, Aboulafia said. In the commercial aircraft market, a planned ramp up in output of single-aisle Boeing 737 and Airbus A320 aircraft is likely to continue. The two plane makers plan to increase output by more than 30 percent through the end of the decade and need the income from these high-volume assembly lines to hit their financial targets. "This is the part of the market where you're going to see continued growth," he said. But twin-aisle aircraft face a much tougher future because there are more models competing while demand is declining. "Everyone wants too much from this market," he said, adding that orders are "plateauing." (Reporting by Alwyn Scott; Editing by Alan Crosby) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Global Aerospace Boom Is Over | But Likely No Bust Ahead - Analyst | Reuters | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Banking conveinience on the go, anytime...anywhere Save Tax on Your Premium u s 80D Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Double Benefits Cashless Treatments plus Tax Savings Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Exploring Untapped Potential of Mutual Funds. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Supercharge your Indian property portfolio Main Jahan, Mera Bank Wahan New to investing in shares? Bengal Global Business Summit. click here Your Loan Eligibility Holds the Key to Your Dream Home Rise and fall of Bitcoin, does history repeat itself? New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Why are More People Applying for Personal Loans? Global aerospace boom is over, but likely no bust ahead - analyst SEATTLE (Reuters) - Demand for jetliners made by Boeing Co and Airbus is in decline but no big bust for the industry lies ahead, a leading analyst said on Wednesday, noting that military aircraft sales should rise. By Alwyn Scott SEATTLE (Reuters) - Demand for jetliners made by Boeing Co and Airbus is in decline but no big bust for the industry lies ahead, a leading analyst said on Wednesday, noting that military aircraft sales should rise. "The great boom is over," Richard Aboulafia, analyst at Teal Group, said at an industry conference near Seattle on Wednesday. "But I don't see a bust cycle" unless there's a trade war, he added. An industry slowdown has implications for investors and suppliers trying to anticipate the flow of orders as a guide the capacity they will need to meet changes in aircraft production. Multi-year backlogs of jetliner orders at both big plane makers will cushion the downturn, along with rising sales of military aircraft, especially spy and fighter planes as defence spending is expected to rise at least initially under U.S. President Donald Trump, he added. Higher interest rates and a possible border tax on imports could hurt the U.S. aerospace industry, however, by causing the dollar to strengthen further, Aboulafia said. Also, the risk of a major trade dispute is as high as at any time since World War II, he added. A U.S. trade dispute with China would likely benefit European plane maker Airbus since China could easily retaliate against the U.S. by curbing orders of Boeing planes, Aboulafia said. In the commercial aircraft market, a planned ramp up in output of single-aisle Boeing 737 and Airbus A320 aircraft is likely to continue. The two plane makers plan to increase output by more than 30 percent through the end of the decade and need the income from these high-volume assembly lines to hit their financial targets. "This is the part of the market where you're going to see continued growth," he said. But twin-aisle aircraft face a much tougher future because there are more models competing while demand is declining. "Everyone wants too much from this market," he said, adding that orders are "plateauing." (Reporting by Alwyn Scott; Editing by Alan Crosby) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Global aerospace boom is over, but likely no bust ahead - analyst By Alwyn Scott SEATTLE (Reuters) - Demand for jetliners made by Boeing Co and Airbus is in decline but no big bust for the industry lies ahead, a leading analyst said on Wednesday, noting that military aircraft sales should rise. "The great boom is over," Richard Aboulafia, analyst at Teal Group, said at an industry conference near Seattle on Wednesday. "But I don't see a bust cycle" unless there's a trade war, he added. An industry slowdown has implications for investors and suppliers trying to anticipate the flow of orders as a guide the capacity they will need to meet changes in aircraft production. Multi-year backlogs of jetliner orders at both big plane makers will cushion the downturn, along with rising sales of military aircraft, especially spy and fighter planes as defence spending is expected to rise at least initially under U.S. President Donald Trump, he added. Higher interest rates and a possible border tax on imports could hurt the U.S. aerospace industry, however, by causing the dollar to strengthen further, Aboulafia said. Also, the risk of a major trade dispute is as high as at any time since World War II, he added. A U.S. trade dispute with China would likely benefit European plane maker Airbus since China could easily retaliate against the U.S. by curbing orders of Boeing planes, Aboulafia said. In the commercial aircraft market, a planned ramp up in output of single-aisle Boeing 737 and Airbus A320 aircraft is likely to continue. The two plane makers plan to increase output by more than 30 percent through the end of the decade and need the income from these high-volume assembly lines to hit their financial targets. "This is the part of the market where you're going to see continued growth," he said. But twin-aisle aircraft face a much tougher future because there are more models competing while demand is declining. "Everyone wants too much from this market," he said, adding that orders are "plateauing." (Reporting by Alwyn Scott; Editing by Alan Crosby) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: nwitimes.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $10.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Calendar Home News Latest Updates Lake County News Porter County News LaPorte County News State and Regional News South Suburban News National News World News Government and Politics Crime News History E-Edition Sports NWI Preps Columnists Business Northwest Indiana Business Headlines Jobs and Employment Transportation News Healthcare News Business Columnists Opinion Letters to the Editor NWI.com Blogs Editorials Forum Columnists Entertainment Comics Games Horoscopes Northwest Indiana Calendar People Lifestyles Inspired Living Health & Fitness Food and Cooking Home and Garden Celebrations Photos Buy Photos Obituaries Area Deaths/Tributes Cars Jobs Homes For Sale Ads Rental Ads Rental Showcase Classifieds Buy Local Deals Coupons Newspaper Ads Buy Photos Business Directory Weekly Ads Contact Us Customer Service Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 30° Munster, IN (46321) Today Mainly cloudy. High 43F. Winds SSE at 10 to 15 mph.. Tonight A few clouds. Low 31F. Winds SSE at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: February 16, 2017 @ 12:35 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Photos Obits Classifieds Breaking UPDATE: Police: Pursuit suspect crashes, killing Whiting teen Close Brad Nettles FILE - In this Tuesday, Feb. 16, 2016 file photo, An engine and part of a wing from the 100th 787 Dreamliner to be built at Boeing of South Carolina's North Charleston, S.C., facility are seen outside the plant. The morning round of voting has concluded Wednesday, Feb. 15, 2017, among South Carolina Boeing workers considering if they want representation by a union. Nearly 3,000 production workers are eligible to vote in the election to determine if they'll be represented by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. (Brad Nettles/The Post and Courier via AP, File) AP Boeing workers maintain South's anti-unionization history By MEG KINNARD Associated Press Feb 15, 2017 Updated 4 hrs ago Brad Nettles FILE - In this Tuesday, Feb. 16, 2016 file photo, An engine and part of a wing from the 100th 787 Dreamliner to be built at Boeing of South Carolina's North Charleston, S.C., facility are seen outside the plant. The morning round of voting has concluded Wednesday, Feb. 15, 2017, among South Carolina Boeing workers considering if they want representation by a union. Nearly 3,000 production workers are eligible to vote in the election to determine if they'll be represented by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. (Brad Nettles/The Post and Courier via AP, File) NORTH CHARLESTON, S.C. (AP) — Production workers at Boeing's South Carolina plant voted Wednesday not to join the Machinists, maintaining southern reluctance toward unionization. Vote totals weren't immediately available. Under NLRB rules, workers must wait a year before another union vote. In a statement, Machinists organizer Mike Evans said the union was disappointed with the vote but vowed to stay in close touch with Boeing workers to figure out next steps. "Ultimately it will be the workers who dictate what happens next," Evans said. "We've been fortunate enough to talk with hundreds of Boeing workers over the past few years. Nearly every one of them, whether they support the union or not, have improvements they want to see at Boeing. Frankly, they deserve better." The vote among nearly 3,000 workers preceded by two days a visit by President Donald Trump to attend the rollout of the first Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner from the aircraft maker's campus. If successful, the balloting on whether employees should join the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers would have sent a significant message to politicians in the region and Washington that workers here want the same protections and benefits as those in other areas. And, to leaders trying to recruit businesses by promoting their states' lack of union presence, it'd it would have made their jobs more difficult. But this most recent test of Southern acceptance of collective bargaining movements was an uphill battle for the union and its backers. The global aviation giant, which came to South Carolina in part because of the state's minuscule union presence, did so with the aid of millions of dollars in state assistance made possible by officials who spoke out frequently and glowingly with anti-union messages. "It is an economic development tool," Gov. Nikki Haley, now President Donald Trump's ambassador to the United Nations, said in a 2012 address of how she sold companies on coming to the state. "We'll make the unions understand full well that they are not needed, not wanted and not welcome in the state of South Carolina." At least that part of the tactic has worked. Only about 52,000 South Carolina workers have union representation, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics' 2016 figures. Other major manufacturers in the state, including BMW and Michelin, aren't unionized or haven't experienced major campaigns to do so. The Machinists initially petitioned for a vote at Boeing in 2015 but withdrew the request because of what the union called a toxic atmosphere and political interference. Another facet of union opposition in this heavily Republican state is political, given the longstanding relationship between organized labor and Democratic politics. Any lenience toward unions could be seen as giving Democrats a toehold here. Southern states for decades have recruited manufacturers by promising freedom from the influences of labor unions, which except for some textile mills have been historically rejected by workers as collective action culturally foreign to a South built around family farms, said Jeffrey Hirsch, a law professor who specializes in labor relations at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. A successful union vote at Boeing would have had a greater regional impact than Volkswagen workers' efforts to unionize in Chattanooga, Tennessee. Anti-union advocates cited VW as an aberration since representatives of one of its key unions in Germany hold seats on the company's board of directors, Hirsch said. "Boeing is very, very different," Hirsch said. "No one will ever accuse Boeing of being pro-union." Boeing didn't threaten to move its operations abroad if workers unionized, perhaps abstaining from those threats because of its huge South Carolina plant investment and billions of dollars in federal defense contracts the company does not want to risk. The union vote also came after Trump blasted Boeing for the cost of building a new Air Force One. "Costs are out of control," Trump tweeted in early December. "Cancel order!" Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg met with Trump two weeks later. Catherine Templeton, South Carolina's former labor director and successful anti-union lawyer, is no stranger to this fight. When Haley picked Templeton to lead South Carolina's labor department, the governor played up Templeton's union-fighting background and saying she needed her help to "fight the unions" at Boeing. "They cannot legally deliver higher wages, better benefits or a different working environment. Even if they are promising it, they certainly can't deliver it," Templeton said. Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Asked earlier Wednesday about the vote, South Carolina Gov. Henry McMaster said he didn't feel unions were needed in this state, where Boeing and other companies have been successful, and where, he feels, workers are generally happy. "I think we're doing just fine without a union presence," he said. In a statement emailed to reporters, Boeing vice president and general manager Joan Robinson-Berry was already looking toward Trump's visit, the first by a sitting president to the company's North Charleston facilities. "It is great to have this vote behind us as we come together to celebrate that event," she said. ___ This story has been corrected to show that 52,000 South Carolina workers have union representation, rather than 1,900. ___ Emery Dalesio contributed to this report from Raleigh, North Carolina. ___ Kinnard can be reached at http://twitter.com/MegKinnardAP . Read more of her work at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/meg-kinnard/ . Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. FindTheCompany | Graphiq Tags Wire Business General News Labor Unions Labor Issues Social Issues Social Affairs Production Facilities Corporate News Aerospace And Defense Industry Industrial Products And Services Government And Politics State Governments Latest in section Spotify music company to expand in New York City, add jobs Asian stocks mixed on upbeat US data, rate hike expectations New Jersey, Borgata casino reach $72 million tax settlement NetEase Finishes 2016 on a Winning Note Seoul court begins to deliberate Samsung chief's arrest More on this topic Spotify music company to expand in New York City, add jobs Asian stocks mixed on upbeat US data, rate hike expectations New Jersey, Borgata casino reach $72 million tax settlement NetEase Finishes 2016 on a Winning Note Seoul court begins to deliberate Samsung chief's arrest Most Popular on nwi.com UPDATE: Teen went missing around same time as separate homicide DeMotte man crawling across I-65 dies after being hit by traffic Chicago deep dish giant Giordano's coming to Schererville Police chase ends with open road tackle, help from good Samaritans UPDATE: East Chicago man killed in Gary shooting Local Companies | FindTheCompany Currents +3 Parenting Summer's a great time to dive into a foreign language +3 Lifestyles Less is more for a great camp care package Lifestyles By the numbers: How Americans celebrate Valentine's Day Thompson scores 35 to lead Warriors past Kings, 109-86 Bledsoe's triple-double leads Suns over Lakers, 137-101 Minnesota Golden Gophers Basketball Profile Indiana Hoosiers Basketball Profile Find local businesses View local offers Local Businesses 45th Street Tattoo 1817 West Glen Park Avenue, Griffith, IN 46319 Ads S.T.A. Roof Techs 55 Morthland Dr., Valparaiso, IN 46383 Ads Karp's Garden & Feed Center 1364 S. Lake Park Ave., Hobart, IN 46342 JOURNEY SENIOR LIVING OF MERRILLVILLE 7900 RHODE ISLAND STREET, MERRILLVILLE, IN 46410 Business Directory Latest Local Offers Bednar Auction Service Looking for an Estate Sale in the Northwest Indiana area? Bednar Auction Service is Northwest Indiana's premier Auction Service. Call us at 312-805-1809 Updated Feb 9, 2017 Doherty Images - Photography by Pete Doherty Let Doherty Images Photography take care of all of your Business Photography needs! Call 219-670-2092 Updated Feb 9, 2017 Strack & Van Til Never miss a deal with NEW Features in our improved online circular! Updated Feb 9, 2017 Culligan Water of Lake County Free, No Obligation In-Home Water Test From Culligan Water of Lake County! 219-769-6666 Updated Feb 9, 2017 E-edition Inspired Living Get Healthy Your Family Featured Sections Best of the Region Buy Local Deals Regional Crime Report CrimeTimes Northwest Indiana Calendar Online Features Contact The Times About Us Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Send a News Tip Newspapers In Education Donation Request Work At The Times RSS Feeds E-newsletter Sign-Up © Copyright 2017 NWI Times, 601 W. 45th Ave. Munster, IN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Global aerospace boom is over, but likely no bust ahead -analyst By Reuters Published: 14:03 EST, 15 February 2017 | Updated: 14:03 EST, 15 February 2017 e-mail By Alwyn Scott SEATTLE, Feb 15 (Reuters) - Demand for jetliners made by Boeing Co and Airbus is in decline but no big bust for the industry lies ahead, a leading analyst said on Wednesday, noting that military aircraft sales should rise. "The great boom is over," Richard Aboulafia, analyst at Teal Group, said at an industry conference near Seattle on Wednesday. "But I don't see a bust cycle" unless there's a trade war, he added. An industry slowdown has implications for investors and suppliers trying to anticipate the flow of orders as a guide the capacity they will need to meet changes in aircraft production. Multi-year backlogs of jetliner orders at both big plane makers will cushion the downturn, along with rising sales of military aircraft, especially spy and fighter planes as defense spending is expected to rise at least initially under U.S. President Donald Trump, he added. Higher interest rates and a possible border tax on imports could hurt the U.S. aerospace industry, however, by causing the dollar to strengthen further, Aboulafia said. Also, the risk of a major trade dispute is as high as at any time since World War II, he added. A U.S. trade dispute with China would likely benefit European plane maker Airbus since China could easily retaliate against the U.S. by curbing orders of Boeing planes, Aboulafia said. In the commercial aircraft market, a planned ramp up in output of single-aisle Boeing 737 and Airbus A320 aircraft is likely to continue. The two plane makers plan to increase output by more than 30 percent through the end of the decade and need the income from these high-volume assembly lines to hit their financial targets. "This is the part of the market where you're going to see continued growth," he said. But twin-aisle aircraft face a much tougher future because there are more models competing while demand is declining. "Everyone wants too much from this market," he said, adding that orders are "plateauing." (Reporting by Alwyn Scott; Editing by Alan Crosby) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Squeaky clean Holly Willoughby suffers wardrobe malfunction as she unwittingly slips out of flimsy top in throwback clip to kids' TV days 'A man can try': Jamie O'Hara admits he IS trying to win back his model ex on Dubai break... and reveals the real reason he dumped Bianca Gascoigne 'I don't feel myself at the moment': Miranda Hart 'hints mystery illness forced her to pull out of Call The Midwife'... months after citing busy schedule as her reason 'So proud of my baby!' Kim Kardashian heaps praise on Kanye West as they head out after his 'amazing' New York Fashion Week show 'She's a golddigger': Ferne McCann is slammed for 'forgetting her purse' and not offering to pay while romancing on Celebs Go Dating Still strutting! Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid walk in their third NYFW show in one day as they join Taylor Hill on the Ralph Lauren catwalk  They believe in Yeezy! Kylie Jenner wraps up as she takes Tyga to Kanye West's NYFW show Pier 59 Studios played host  Lady Gaga 'gave her engagement ring back to Taylor Kinney' before going public with new beau Christian Carino Broke up in July Tara Palmer-Tomkinson NEVER had a brain tumour despite claiming she was ill her sister reveals as friends say the It Girl made it up 'as a cry for help' 'I'm SO embarrassed': Atomic Kitten's Michelle Heaton is left red-faced when Lorraine Kelly grills her on being sick out of a taxi while on Australian tour 'He's on his way!' Kirk Norcross gets some rest as his mystery girlfriend goes into labour... amid row with ex over access to his baby daughter CBB's Bianca Gascoigne slams ex-boyfriend CJ Meeks after he was spotted on a date with lookalike blonde model 'You make me and mum smile every single day': Dan Osborne shares sweet posts of daughter Ella with Jacqueline Jossa as their toddler turns two Crisis on the cobbles! Coronation Street bosses 'at loggerheads over disturbing child grooming storyline'... as viewers express their 'discomfort' George Clooney, 55, is 'excited but nervous' about having twins with wife Amal Clooney, 39  Like any first-time parent, actor is understandably anxious  'Those sleepless nights!': Matt Damon jokes about George Clooney's delayed start and becoming an old dad at 55 Mariah Carey makes triumphant return to real-time TV on Jimmy Kimmel Live after NYE Times Square debacle  Passionate performance on live TV Date night! Mariah Carey and Bryan Tanaka grab sushi before heading to Lakers game... after she debuts new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live Holding down the homefront! Kourtney Kardashian takes children out on the West Coast as brother-in-law Kanye West debuts new collection A model family! Teresa Giudice's daughter Milania walks the runway at Rookies New York Fashion Week show Stylish duo Helen Mirren oozes sophistication in power suit and red lace camisole as she attends The Great Wall premiere with husband Taylor Hackford So in love! Matt Damon looks besotted with wife Luciana Barroso as he takes her to The Great Wall premiere in LA One of the luckiest men around Date night! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend glam up for another evening out together after Valentine's Day Time to hit the town again Singer Boy George reveals he was having a drug-induced 'psychotic episode' when he kept a male escort prisoner in his London flat Chloe Who-is? Defiant Jake Hall dismisses ex Chloe Lewis' new romance revelation as he enjoys date night with lookalike girlfriend Missé Beqiri Model mother! Lara Bingle dotes over son Rocket Zot and her precious newborn as she jets out of New York  'It was an emotional reunion': Jeremy McConnell has finally met his four-week-old son Caben-Albi... and also spent time with ex Stephanie Davis 'It seems like 2017 is the year to get pregnant': Heidi Montag congratulates former The Hills co-stars Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad on baby news Catherine Zeta-Jones turns on the glamour as she heads to LAX with Michael Douglas and their teenage daughter Carys Always chic 'We should have bashed each other!' Trainspotting's Danny Boyle says he and Ewan McGregor would have settled their feud earlier if they'd had a punch up Rhian Sugden nails the Playboy look as she shows off her incredible cleavage and tiny waist in iconic corset with bunny ears for sizzling video Newsnight presenter Kirsty Wark suffered 'hard menopause' after ditching HRT over cancer fears  The 62-year-old endured sleepless nights  Sheer delight! Christie Brinkley wears VERY thin sweater while out with daughters in NYC The 63-year-old siren donned a super sheer sweater Baby's first catwalk! Coco Austin and Ice-T help adorable daughter Chanel walk the runway at Rookie USA NY Fashion Week show Braless Paris Jackson shows off nipple rings as she enjoys girl's day out in LA before an altercation at a gas station Ashley Greene looks elegant in flowing split dress at Hollywood premiere of In Dubious Battle  Stole the show in her super chic dress A model metabolism! Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner grab greasy McDonald's as they head to another NYFW show She's no shrinking violet! Kim Kardashian forgoes her bra in sheer purple outfit at Kanye's Yeezy Season 5 show in New York 'I was nervous about the fans': Bella Heathcote feared public reaction to her role as Christian Grey's ex in Fifty Shades Darker Silver siren! Gwen Stefani stuns in metallic mini dress with matching glittered shoes for appearance on The Tonight Show Like mother like daughter! Cindy Crawford and Kaia Gerber look supermodel chic as they get ready for NYFW Looked like sisters Mel Gibson in talks to direct Suicide Squad sequel as Oscar nominee continues to enjoy career renaissance Sheer-ly amazing! Mandy Moore flashes her bra in Victorian-inspired lace at the Marchesa show during NYFW Model family! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber upstaged by kids Kaia and Presley at NYC Marc Jacobs event Center of attention What is her recipe? Domestic goddess Nigella Lawson, 57, looks remarkably wrinkle-free as she steps out in style for a night of revelry Legs for days! Cameron Diaz shows off pencil thin stems in skintight jeans while out in Beverly Hills Leggy lady Her biggest fans! Charlotte McKinney flashes some skin as she celebrates her Ocean Drive cover with her parents in Miami Bodacious in blue! Mariah Carey shows off curves in skintight mini dress as she arrives for first performance since NYE debacle From crop tops to cocktail frocks! Coco Rocha goes to two shows back-to-back and manages to make a full outfit change with minutes to spare  New 'do! Lea Michele shows off sleek shorter hair while out and about in LA after debuting it at Grammys Glee alum looked in good spirits  Top of the crops! Gorgeous Martha Hunt flashes cleavage and toned tummy at Michael Kors NYFW show The 27-year-old kept up with appearances  Back again! Ashley Graham shows off her incredible curves in tiny bikinis as she returns to the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue In slinky swimwear  Jessica Biel stuns in classy black lace dress as she sits front row at the Ralph Lauren NYFW show Stole the show Brooke Shields, 51, shows off youthful glow and flawless complexion while taking in an off-Broadway show in NYC Can still rock a red carpet  Heavenly! Olivia Culpo stands out in frilly ruched frock as she sits front row at Marchesa's NYFW runway show She's a former beauty queen She's 58, with four children already - one of whom she's lost custody of - so why WAS Madonna allowed to adopt these twins? 'I've not seen my sister in EIGHT years': Mel B's estranged sibling Danielle Brown shoots down reports of a family reunion as long-running feud continues 'What is your intention with her?': Corrine's nanny grills Nick Viall in teaser for Bachelor hometown dates episode Katherine Heigl looks slim in white blouse and jeans two months after welcoming son Joshua Jr.  Introduced her newborn on the Late Late Show  Bandaged Chloe Khan exhibits results of 'corrective nose job'... after admitting she's spent £50K going under the knife Blue singer Lee Ryan set to 'ruffle feathers and break hearts' as he lands a role in EastEnders as Albert Square's 'colourful' new bad boy California here we come! Sam Faiers and her boyfriend Paul Knightley share hugs with their adorable son Paul Jr. as they excitedly jet off to LA Rolling in the dough! Adele earned more than £500k EACH NIGHT on her hugely successful Live tour last year  Unprecedented success  Katherine Heigl shows off newborn son Joshua Jr as she reveals John Mayer helped husband Josh Kelley get serious about their relationship 'It wasn't just the flu!' Ailing Vicky Pattison scolds fan after being accused of wasting a 'valuable hospital bed' for virus Defended herself  'She got very offended': Regis Philbin reveals Kelly Ripa took his departure personally and explains they do not 'really' stay in contact Lady Mary's Valentine kiss for tragic fiance: Michelle Dockery posts poignant selfie with caption 'kiss cancer goodbye' John Dineen died of brain cancer in 2015 'I'm even excited about being tired': Mahershala Ali scores THR cover and Oscar nominee discusses childhood 'melancholy' and pending fatherhood Susan Sarandon and Lindsay Lohan among celebs enjoying night at risque NY club The Box - but Trump adviser Elon Musk stays out of view as Pussy Riot yell 'f**k Trump, f**k Putin' Airing his dirty laundry! Lauren Goodger spends Valentine's Day in PRISON with jailbird Joey Morrison... and leaves with his washing  Chloe Goodman strips down to just a thong while undergoing non-surgical 'booty makeover'... after previously working as a bum double for Cheryl  Mario Falcone 'set to make explosive return to TOWIE two years after slimming pill suspension'... despite insisting he's 'too intelligent' for show  Bootylicious! Jennifer Lopez posts very cheeky Valentine's day snap in a sexy red clinging two-piece Gave followers a treat Charlotte Crosby shows off her endless legs beneath skin-tight mini for circus launch... after posing in just lingerie ahead of solo Valentine's day MIC's Tiffany Watson adds a little sex appeal to her date night outfit in a lace bralet and fishnet tights as she joins beau Sam Thompson for pre-LFW bash Clothing optional! Nicki Minaj poses topless on a bed as she jokes about her stripper past in latest naughty Instagram post Freezing for fashion? Jessica Gomes takes a solo stroll in FREEZING New York conditions wearing a stylish thin camisole and velvet blazer . Kendall Jenner didn't make Kanye's Yeezy 5 show because she was busy walking the runway for Anna Sui with pals Gigi and Bella Hadid 'How cute!' Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid deliver McDonald's feast to sister Kim Kardashian after Kanye's Yeezy 5 show No point being coy now! Audacious Lisa Appleton bares breasts in sheer lace bodysuit for night out... before covering her face with a tiger mask TOWIE star Chloe Sims gets a little heavy-handed with the bronzer as she picks out mother-daughter fluffy coats for girls' night with Madison, 11 Justin Bieber 'named as suspect in assault investigation'... after video surfaced of him fighting man twice his size A memoir.... that Mick Jagger doesn't remember writing! Publisher claims he has manuscript of autobiography written during the 1980s  Kylie Jenner arrives LATE to join Kim Kardashian at Kanye's Yeezy 5 show... as Khloe, Kourtney, Kendall and even Kris Jenner are absent 'I'm open!' Susan Sarandon, 70, declares herself BISEXUAL as she reveals she would date a woman Promoting new movie  Bella Hadid dons lace bodysuit for Valentine's Day dinner with Kaia and Presley Gerber in New York The friends made quite the stylish group  'I owe him everything!': Blake Lively looks flirty in floral as she praises Michael Kors while cheering on his fashion show with Anna Wintour Kate Upton keeps her voluptuous figure under wraps with a heavy coat as she plugs her latest Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue Glammed-up Frankie Bridge leads The Saturdays' reunion with Vanessa White as they support bandmate Una Healy's first headline solo gig No jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio looks bright as she bares her toned tummy in a crop top at Sao Paulo airport Looks good anywhere EXCLUSIVE: Never-before-seen pictures of secretly pregnant Marilyn Monroe, who confided that her Lco-star Yves Montand was the baby's father Look away Keith! Nicole Kidman wraps her arms around Moonlight star Mahershala Ali as she talks first kiss in W magazine 'I'm not a size two but I'm strong!': Serena Williams strips off her tennis skirt to look sensational in Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue Charli XCX flashes her cleavage and abs in sheer crop top emblazoned with the words 'Sex Symbol' as she makes head-turning arrival at NME Awards Pregnant Billie Faiers masks her bump while going edgy in embroidered denim as she brings daughter Nelly to star-studded kids' bash 'You need to eat a few wholesome meals hun': Abbey Clancy sparks concerns among fans as she shares super-slim selfie Concerned response 'I have the utmost respect for her': Carlos Santana APOLOGISES after claiming Adele won Grammys because Beyonce is 'beautiful but not a singer' Kendall Jenner flaunts her figure in quirky tasselled dress as she storms the runway with Bella Hadid and Ashley Graham at Michael Kors' NYFW show Kesha submits emails in court case against her 'abuser' Dr. Luke who criticised her for breaking juice cleanse and called her a 'fat f**king refrigerator' 'Curvy' model Hunter McGrady dedicates her nude Sports Illustrated's spread to 'every woman who has ever felt uncomfortable in her body' 'Lies! Lies!': Jessica Biel is shocked to hear about ancestors as she and Courteney Cox explore roots on Who Do You Think You Are? Karlie Kloss apologizes after backlash over 'culturally insensitive' Geisha-themed photo shoot in Vogue's issue meant to celebrate diversity Hollywood activist Shailene Woodley talks about 'inspiring' meeting with Malia Obama during a Dakota pipeline protest Wonderful in winter white! Hailey Baldwin shows off her toned legs as she heads to Kanye West's Yeezy 5 show Show of support Social butterfly! Paris Hilton spring-time ready in a garden print dress at the Vivienne Tam show during NYFW Blooming lovely MIC's Stephanie Pratt flashes her bra in a semi-sheer nude bodycon after wowing in a bridal inspired gown as she launches new fashion line Strip club being sued by Joanna Krupa for using her picture in ads without permission hits back claiming she's too 'pretty' to work there Gigi to the rescue! Hadid the model citizen lends a hand after woman is knocked over on New York sidewalk Helped disentangle a pavement pileup 'Yet another breathtaking view': Oprah Winfrey and Reese Witherspoon explore New Zealand in between filming scenes for new Disney movie Specs appeal! Nicole Kidman rocks eyeglasses as she bundles up in puffer jacket on NYC set of Untouchable with Bryan Cranston She's with Rio, she is a showgirl! Kate Wright flaunts her amazing figure in racy bikini flashback... as Ferdinand romance shocks TOWIE cast Naked ambition! Gigi Hadid's younger sister Bella strips off her clothes to flash her chest in V Magazine after taking NYFW by storm 'Never a rivalry like theirs': Susan Sarandon and Jessica Lange get their claws out as Bette Davis and Joan Crawford in new trailer for FX's Feud Matt Damon reveals it took 12 hours and 700 extensions to get his long man bun for The Great Wall role He found the process 'weird.' 'A little shot of fireball gets a girl going!': RHOBH star Erika Jayne, 45, shows off fit figure in blue lingerie for very racy XXPEN$IVE music video 'They are at it again!': Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna have ANOTHER major fight as rumors of their split continue 'My greatest fear is that I won't wake up': Lisa Riley breaks down over major surgery fears... ahead of 'excess skin removal and having her lady garden tidied' 'She looks like a waxwork': Holly Hagan's fans are divided over star's transformation as they struggle to recognise her following very glam makeover Hugh Jackman evacuated from the set of The Greatest Showman after fire breaks out Shooting on Sunday when blaze began Nick Cannon was 'shaken to his core' over treatment by NBC after race gag lead to him quitting America's Got Talent Harrison Ford is spotted for the first time returning to the airport where he nearly flew INTO a Boeing 737 as FAA reveals investigation delay  Braless Jess Woodley poses in her underwear and a sexy matching camisole... as she hints at the real reason she quit Made In Chelsea Critics demand Khloe Kardashian's Protein World Tube advert is scrapped by London Underground for 'body shaming' young women  Sienna Miller flashes her bra in sheer jumper as she helps launch clothes designer sister Savannah's bridal collection Five years after dropping shared fashion range The tight stuff! Glam Frankie Essex shows off slimmed-down figure in leather trousers as she heads out for night on the town  That's no reason to feel blue! Louisa Johnson shows off her new electric hair colour as she's unveiled as the face of L'Oreal's Colorista That's one supportive wife! Kim Kardashian posts image where she's beaming at Kanye West hours before his Yeezy 5 show Cindy Crawford and husband Rande Gerber keep the romance alive with sweet Valentine's Day date after nearly 20 years of marriage Sofia Richie flashes her derriere in white thong bodysuit as she teases Kanye West's Yeezy 5 runway show Teased her Instagram followers  Love (Actually) is on the air! Director Richard Curtis reveals plans to unveil a TV sequel to his hit romantic comedy especially for Comic Relief Hilary Duff's ex-husband Mike Comrie pictured out in LA for the first time since former NHL star was accused of 'raping a woman at his home' Pregnant Natalie Portman shows off blossoming bump as she hikes with mother Shelley while counting down to baby No. 2 TOWIE newcomer Yazmin flashes her bra in plunging red blazer as she goes hand-in-hand with new love interest James Lock during filming Starting to show! Ryan Lochte's fiancée Kayla Rae Reid proudly displays growing baby bump in white crop top for mirror selfie Kanye West turns out a camouflage-packed runway for Yeezy Season 5 at his first New York Fashion Week show since his breakdown 'She looks like Jane Pountney!' Katie Price's neighbour is compared to cheating former friend after posing for Valentine's Day selfie with Kieran Hayler Celia Imrie reveals she was celebrating Bastille Day in Nice during last year's terrorist attack that left 84 dead, adding 'it was a miracle I survived'  Jemma Lucy flaunts her pert posterior in a thong in new sultry Insta... days after revealing desire for another boob job to boost her G Cup bust Made In Chelsea's Georgia Toffolo risks a wardrobe malfunction in perilously short mini as she joins leggy co-star Frankie Gaff at LFW bash Revlon ambassador Gwen Stefani talks about 'choosing love' with Blake Shelton but says she spent Valentine's Day alone Jennifer Lopez, Rachel McAdams, and David Beckham star in stunning pictures for photographer Marc Hom's portrait book EXCLUSIVE: SStar Trek's William Shatner goes boldly into court demanding that a $170 million lawsuit by a radio DJ claiming to be his son be thrown out Something to celebrate? Kimberley Walsh and Sarah Harding post gushing tributes to pregnant pal Cheryl... as she counts down to giving birth 'They walked in while I was pushing!': Jessa Duggar reveals her second home birth was so quick her mother and sister almost missed it 'We were actually homeless': Daniel MacPherson reveals struggles of US move alongside wife Zoe Ventoura   'I had $40 and an address!' Nina Agdal reveals she came to America with nothing but a modeling dream just six years ago Red hot Selena Gomez gives a peek at incredibly toned legs in sexy high-slit dress on Valentine's Day Showing a little leg in her chic dress 'She's grown so much!': Pregnant Cally Jane Beech shares throwback baby scan snap as she admits the experience has been emotional John McCain gets Punk'd! Ashton Kutcher blows the senator a kiss during Foreign Relations hearing as they give Obama and Biden a run for their money 'You have to f***ing watch it': Lena Dunham understands why Taylor Swift did not speak up during election Gave opinion in Rolling Stone chat Hilary Duff's ex-husband, former NHL star Mike Comrie is investigated by police for 'raping a woman at his Los Angeles home'  Tallia Storm borrows from the Seventies as she flaunts her taut abs in chic hippy coord while joining a bevy of stars at glitzy pre-LFW bash Quick change artist: Blake Lively switches up her style for second show during New York Fashion Week She went from flirty in floral Braless Emily Ratajkowski shows off her perky assets and enviable abs in racy crop top with sexy secretary style skirt at Michael Kors show   'Sassy!': Blac Chyna sizzles in sheer red dress which leaves little to the imagination in racy Instagram snap An eye-popping display  Not runway ready! Sara Sampaio is makeup-free and wearing odd blue coat as she heads to a show for New York Fashion Week . Sylvester Stallone's model daughter Sistine, 18, makes an elegant fashion fan in a little navy dress as she attends Michael Kors' runway show at NYFW She sure shakes it up! Bella Thorne is spotted grabbing a healthy lunch with a mystery man in LA after being linked to Sam Pepper One last workout! Kim Kardashian hits the gym ahead of husband Kanye West's comeback show at New York Fashion Week  Brooke Burke-Charvet, 45, shows off her super-fit physique in a bandeau bikini as she shares a steamy kiss with husband David in St. Barts Moment 'smirking' X Factor winner James Arthur is smashed over the head with a pint glass by a thug who had just discovered he'd slept with his girlfriend  Kanye West heads to Yeezy Season Five presentation at NYFW... following 'disastrous' show last fall Grunge-inspired Ashley James rocks a quirky bomber and chunky boots as she heads out in London with pal Charlotte de Carle Prue Leith CONFIRMS she's up for Mary Berry's job on  GBBO... as the saucy 13-year affair she had with her mum's best friend's husband is revealed Ruffling feathers? Make-up free Billie Piper opts for a low-key look as she faces off against a swan Family time Her crown jewels! Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks regally racy as she flaunts her ample chest in VERY revealing gown on the set of The Royals They could be sisters! Kate Upton, 24, joins forces with Christie Brinkley, 63, to plug Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue on Today 'Love of my life!': Rosario Dawson and comedian Eric Andre reveal they are dating in a series of sweet snaps on Valentine's Day Fresh as a daisy! Catherine Zeta Jones, 47, flaunts her tiny waist in a floral dress at Feud event in New York  She always exudes elegance Courtney Stodden puts on a busty display in plunging top as she spends Valentine's Day with celebrity surgeon who dated Heather Locklear 'I was born in BEIRUT!' Keanu Reeves slams Alison Hammond as she quizzes him about his Essex roots... despite him telling her he has never been  'Happy mom, happy life!': Mila Kunis wears statement top in LA as it's revealed she 'made out with' Ashton Kutcher during recent date night Hilary Duff and new beau Matthew Koma celebrated V-Day in Costa Rica... as her ex faces rape charges Stayed at lavish resort 'Life is about to get crazy!': Country star Thomas Rhett discovers wife is pregnant just as they adopt African baby Announced the news on social media  'Your girl fell in love with me': The Weeknd taunts Justin Bieber in new song as he continues to romance the Sorry singer's ex Selena Gomez Giving us the shoulder! Orange Is The New Black star Laverne Cox dazzles in sexy black dress as she talks new CBS show Doubt Chic and sophisticated 'Who thought a high functioning sociopath could be so popular?' Benedict's delight as Sherlock is voted the world's favourite BBC TV character  Someone making you smile? Chloe Lewis flashes a coy grin as she heads out to film for TOWIE... after revealing new romance with mystery beau RA boss Neil Portnow says Grammys don't have 'race problem' and claims Kanye skipped show due to 'medical concerns' Still feeling the love! Denzel Washington and wife of 33 years Pauletta have a ball at Lakers game on Valentine's Day Alex Mytton makes up with girlfriend Lottie Moss following Valentine's fallout as they cosy up during day in New York 'I went through every phase - too skinny, too fat!': Christie Brinkley, 63, appears on Today with daughters to talk body image Talked haters Liv Tyler wraps up warm in a chic navy coat as she goes arm-in-arm with her fiancé Dave Gardner in Paris Celebrating Valentine's Day in style  Victoria's Secret model Josephine Skriver flaunts her impeccably toned abs and eye-popping cleavage in sizzling swimwear campaign Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Advertisement Home News Top Stories Local State National World Politics Crime Business Industry Sports High School McNeese State LSU Saints & NFL National Scoreboard Prep Football Schedules Prep Football Stats Outdoors Opinion Jim Beam Scooter Hobbs Jim Gazzolo Informer by Andrew Perzo American Press Editorials Alex Hickey Entertainment Features Events Calendar Life Submit Life Event School Lunch Menu Obits Obituaries Local Funeral Homes Submit Obituaries Classifieds Classified Ads Build Your Own Classified Ad ePaper Today's ePaper ePaper Archives Subscribe to the ePaper Sample 50 Years Ago Subscribers Account Services Subscribe Real Estate Home Preview Galleries Featured Galleries Buy Photos Contact Us Contact Us Advertise Newspapers In Education Shutterbugs Policy About Us Thursday, February 16, 2017 Southwest Louisiana , Boeing vote tells next chapter in Southern unionization Last Modified: Wednesday, February 15, 2017 12:52 PM By The Associated Press NORTH CHARLESTON, S.C. -- Nearly 3,000 production workers at Boeing's South Carolina plant are deciding whether they want to unionize, writing the next chapter in efforts to organize labor in large manufacturing plants across the South. The first round of voting began early Wednesday. A second round of voting was set for Wednesday afternoon to accommodate all the employees. If successful, the balloting on whether employees should join the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers would send a significant message to politicians both in the region and Washington that workers here are demanding the same protections and benefits as their colleagues in other areas. And, to the leaders trying to recruit businesses by promoting their states' lack of union presence, it'd make their jobs more difficult. But this most recent test of Southern acceptance of collective bargaining movements is an uphill battle for the union and its backers. The global aviation giant, which came to South Carolina in part because of the state's minuscule union presence, did so with the aid of millions of dollars in state assistance made possible by officials who spoke out frequently and glowingly with anti-union messages. "It is an economic development tool," Gov. Nikki Haley, now President Donald Trump's ambassador to the United Nations, said in a 2012 address of how she sold companies on why they should come to the state. "We'll make the unions understand full well that they are not needed, not wanted and not welcome in the state of South Carolina." At least that part of the tactic has worked. While some South Carolina workers have representation — just more than 1,900, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics' 2016 figures — most don't. Other major manufacturers in the state, including BMW and Michelin, aren't unionized or haven't experienced major campaigns to do so. The Machinists initially petitioned for a vote at Boeing in 2015 but withdrew the request because of what the union called a toxic atmosphere and political interference. Southern states for decades have recruited manufacturers by promising freedom from the influences of labor unions, which except for some textile mills have been historically rejected by workers as collective action culturally foreign to a South built around family farms, said Jeffrey Hirsch, a law professor who specializes in labor relations at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. A successful union vote at Boeing would have a greater impact on the general view of labor in the South than efforts by autoworkers to unionize Volkswagen in Chattanooga, Tennessee, as a foothold for organizing other Southern car plants. Anti-union advocates could always cite VW as an aberration since representatives of one of its key unions in Germany hold seats on the company's board of directors, Hirsch said. "Boeing is very, very different," Hirsch said. "No one will ever accuse Boeing of being pro-union." A "yes" vote would be meaningful throughout the region, said Daniel Cornfield, sociology professor and labor expert at Vanderbilt University. "Given the dynamism of industrialization in the Southern region now, especially the development ... of the U.S. automotive industry, any type of heavy-industry union victory would certainly inspire other workers in related industrial sectors in the South to think about unionizing." What strikes Cornfield about the Boeing case is the company's silence over consequences for workers. "The company has not been threatening to relocate its operations in the event of a unionization," he said. "It is often the case that companies try to relocate outside of the United States to find cheaper labor and avoid U.S. unions altogether." Boeing already may have abstained from those kinds of threats because of its huge South Carolina plant investment and billions of dollars in federal defense contracts. Threatening to move manufacturing would come after Trump blasted Boeing for its cost of building a new presidential Air Force One for future presidents. "Costs are out of control," Trump tweeted in early December. "Cancel order!" Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg met with Trump two weeks later. "Given the recent pronouncements of President Trump about keeping manufacturing in the United States," Cornfield said, "it would be interesting and an ironic twist that President Trump is possibly defanging large corporations in their efforts to resist unionization by encouraging companies to stay in the United States, giving workers a leg up and unions a leg up in the campaign period." Catherine Templeton, South Carolina's former labor director and successful anti-union lawyer, is no stranger to this fight. When Haley picked Templeton to lead South Carolina's labor department, the governor played up Templeton's union-fighting background and saying she needed her help to "fight the unions" at Boeing. "They cannot legally deliver higher wages, better benefits or a different working environment. Even if they are promising it, they certainly can't deliver it," Templeton said. On Monday, in a final gathering before the vote, several hundred Boeing employees gathered in a hotel ballroom just a mile from the Boeing plant, hearing from activists and members of other unions urging them to vote "yes" on Wednesday. "Suppressing working people is the old way of doing business in South Carolina," Machinists organizer Mike Evans said, to cheers from the crowd. "It's not going to be this way anymore." Print Page Email to a Friend Comments (0 ) Comments made about this article - 0 Total Comment on this article Title: Comments: Your Name: (required - shown on comment approval) Enter text seen above: Copyright © 2017 American Press Privacy Policies: American Press Close
Chicago Mitchell: Children are martyrs — and young men are killers Chicago No bail for man accused of shooting 11-year-old Takiya Holmes Chicago News CPD: Addison Red Line bag checks not related to immigration Chicago Four days after shooting, 12-year-old Kanari Gentry-Bowers dies Chicago CPS sues state over funding, says it violates students’ rights Chicago 11-year-old Takiya Holmes dies after being shot in head Saturday Chicago Progressive Caucus turns up heat on Emanuel over police reforms Chicago News Judge orders Higginbottom — again — to give Mel Reynolds records Chicago News Black History Month documentary: Obama legacy is ‘Power of Words’ Chicago News Brookfield Zoo hopes new polar bear will make love connection 28° News Trending Chicago Public Schools Crime Life on a Ledge News Home Sports Home Politics Home Entertainment Home Columnists Home Opinion Home Lifestyles Home Autos Education Crime Business Chicago Transportation Sponsored Content News Business 02/15/2017, 12:14pm Will Boeing workers defy South’s anti-unionization history? Nearly 3,000 Boeing production workers are eligible to vote in the union election in North Charleston, South Carolina. | AP file photo MEG KINNARD and EMERY P. DALESIO | Associated Press NORTH CHARLESTON, S.C. — Nearly 3,000 production workers at Boeing’s South Carolina plant are deciding whether they want to unionize, writing the next chapter in efforts to organize labor in large manufacturing plants across the South. The first round of voting began early Wednesday. A second round was set for Wednesday afternoon to accommodate all employees. If successful, the balloting on whether employees should join the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers would send a significant message to politicians in the region and Washington that workers here want the same protections and benefits as those in other areas. And, to leaders trying to recruit businesses by promoting their states’ lack of union presence, it’d make their jobs more difficult. But this most recent test of Southern acceptance of collective bargaining movements is an uphill battle for the union and its backers. The global aviation giant, which came to South Carolina in part because of the state’s minuscule union presence, did so with the aid of millions of dollars in state assistance made possible by officials who spoke out frequently and glowingly with anti-union messages. “It is an economic development tool,” Gov. Nikki Haley, now President Donald Trump’s ambassador to the United Nations, said in a 2012 address of how she sold companies on coming to the state. “We’ll make the unions understand full well that they are not needed, not wanted and not welcome in the state of South Carolina.” At least that part of the tactic has worked. Only about 52,000 South Carolina workers have union representation, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics’ 2016 figures. Other major manufacturers in the state, including BMW and Michelin, aren’t unionized or haven’t experienced major campaigns to do so. The Machinists initially petitioned for a vote at Boeing in 2015 but withdrew the request because of what the union called a toxic atmosphere and political interference. Another facet of union opposition in this heavily Republican state is political, given the longstanding relationship between organized labor and Democratic politics. Any lenience toward unions could be seen as giving Democrats a toehold here. Southern states for decades have recruited manufacturers by promising freedom from the influences of labor unions, which except for some textile mills have been historically rejected by workers as collective action culturally foreign to a South built around family farms, said Jeffrey Hirsch, a law professor who specializes in labor relations at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. A successful union vote at Boeing would have a greater regional impact than Volkswagen workers’ efforts to unionize in Chattanooga, Tennessee. Anti-union advocates cited VW as an aberration since representatives of one of its key unions in Germany hold seats on the company’s board of directors, Hirsch said. “Boeing is very, very different,” Hirsch said. “No one will ever accuse Boeing of being pro-union.” A “yes” vote could inspire others in the region to consider unions, said Daniel Cornfield, sociology professor and labor expert at Vanderbilt University. What strikes Cornfield about the Boeing case is the company’s silence over consequences if its workers unionize. “The company has not been threatening to relocate its operations in the event of a unionization,” he said. “It is often the case that companies try to relocate outside of the United States to find cheaper labor and avoid U.S. unions altogether.” Boeing may have abstained from those threats because of its huge South Carolina plant investment and billions of dollars in federal defense contracts the company does not want to risk. Cornfield said Trump’s pressure on business to keep jobs in the U.S. could be “defanging large corporations in their efforts to resist unionization … giving workers a leg up and unions a leg up in the campaign period.” The union vote also comes after Trump blasted Boeing for the cost of building a new Air Force One. “Costs are out of control,” Trump tweeted in early December. “Cancel order!” Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg met with Trump two weeks later. Catherine Templeton, South Carolina’s former labor director and successful anti-union lawyer, is no stranger to this fight. When Haley picked Templeton to lead South Carolina’s labor department, the governor played up Templeton’s union-fighting background and saying she needed her help to “fight the unions” at Boeing. “They cannot legally deliver higher wages, better benefits or a different working environment. Even if they are promising it, they certainly can’t deliver it,” Templeton said. On Monday, several hundred Boeing employees gathered in a hotel ballroom just a mile from the plant, hearing from activists and members of other unions urging them to vote “yes.” “Suppressing working people is the old way of doing business in South Carolina,” Machinists organizer Mike Evans said, to cheers. “It’s not going to be this way anymore.” Previously from Chicago News Obama back in Chicago for first time as former president – Chicago Sun-Times CPD: 5 dead, 3 wounded in Wednesday shootings Four days after shooting, 12-year-old Kanari Gentry-Bowers dies Mitchell: Children are martyrs — and young men are killers # union boeing co. Currently Trending dear abby Dear Abby: Kids' heroin habits break mom's heart dear abby Dear Abby: Brother misbehaved, now girls can't play chicago Obama back in Chicago for first time as former president – Chicago Sun-Times dear abby Dear Abby: I wish my 62-year-old mom wouldn't walk around naked dear abby Dear Abby: I'm cheating on my dentist with someone cheaper CAPTION
Skip to main content Search form Search Tarpit Main menu News All News Acquisition & Contracting Cyber Defense Operations Homeland Security Intelligence Technology Magazine Current Issue Archives Digital Edition Subscribe Chapter News Reprints Sample Digital Issue Blog Blog Home Guest Blog Guidelines Acquisition Cyber Defense Homeland Security Intelligence Technology Newsletters SIGNAL Connections Subscribe Webinars/Online Events Resource Library Advertise About SIGNAL Media 2017 Media Kit Advertisers FAQ Advertiser Press Releases Contact Us U.S. Military Successfully Demonstrates Microdrone Swarm Home / Acquisition and Contracting / Bell-Boeing Awarded V-22 Software Sustainment Funds Blog: Bell-Boeing Awarded V-22 Software Sustainment Funds February 15, 2017 Bell-Boeing Joint Project Office, Amarillo, Texas, is being awarded $58,319,151 for cost-plus-fixed-fee delivery order N0001917F1011 against a previously issued basic ordering agreement (N00019-17-G-0002) in support of the V-22. This order provides for fleet software sustainment that includes engineering and technical support for the V-22 flight control system and on-aircraft avionics software; flight test planning and coordination of changed avionics and flight control configuration; and upgrade planning of avionics and flight controls, including performance of qualification testing and integration testing on software products. Work will be performed at Ridley Park, Pennsylvania (89 percent); and Fort Worth, Texas (11 percent), and is expected to be completed in December 2019. Fiscal 2015 aircraft procurement (Navy); fiscal 2017 aircraft procurement (Navy and Air Force); and fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance (Navy) funds in the amount of $33,418,716 will be obligated at time of award, $25,910,573 of which will expire at the end of the current fiscal year. The Naval Air Systems Command, Patuxent River, Maryland, is the contracting activity. Departments:  Acquisition and Contracting Tags:  Bell-Boeing Project Office V-22 software Navy Contract Awards Tarpit SIGNAL BLOGS Acquisition and Contracting Cyber Defense Operations Homeland Security Intelligence Technology Career Progressions Cool App-titude           About Us About SIGNAL Meet the Staff SIGNAL's Awards Writer's Guide Guest Blogging Guidelines Legal AFCEA Privacy Policy Copyright Disclaimers For Bloggers and Educators AFCEA About AFCEA Join AFCEA Membership AFCEA Chapters AFCEA Events AFCEA Small Business Member Login Contact Us Editorial 703-631-6192 Customer Service 703-631-6100 Advertising 703-631-6181 E-mail Us Contact Form   © AFCEA International. All rights reserved. 4400 Fair Lakes Court, Fairfax, VA 22033
Close Skip to main content sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment browse all sections close Boeing Boeing workers in South Carolina consider unionizing in landmark case Test of southern acceptance of collective bargaining faces challenge at company that came to state with help from anti-union officials An engine and part of a wing from a 787 Dreamliner at Boeing of South Carolina’s North Charleston facility. Photograph: Brad Nettles/AP Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Associated Press Wednesday 15 February 2017 11.53 EST Last modified on Wednesday 15 February 2017 12.09 EST Nearly 3,000 production workers at Boeing’s South Carolina plant are deciding on Wednesday whether they want to unionize, writing the next chapter in efforts to organize labor in large manufacturing plants across the US south. If successful, the balloting on whether employees should join the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers would send a significant message to politicians in the region and Washington that workers here want the same protections and benefits as those in other areas. And, for leaders trying to recruit businesses by promoting their states’ lack of union presence, it would make their jobs more difficult. Trump's tweets keep US manufacturers on their toes Read more But this most recent test of southern acceptance of collective bargaining movements is an uphill battle for the union and its backers. The global aviation giant, which came to South Carolina in part because of the state’s minuscule union presence, did so with the aid of millions of dollars in state assistance made possible by officials who spoke out frequently and glowingly with anti-union messages. “It is an economic development tool,” the then governor, Nikki Haley – now Donald Trump’s ambassador to the United Nations – said in a 2012 address describing how she sold companies on coming to the state. “We’ll make the unions understand full well that they are not needed, not wanted and not welcome in the state of South Carolina.” At least that part of the tactic has worked. Only about 52,000 South Carolina workers have union representation, according to the US Bureau of Labor Statistics’ 2016 figures. Other major manufacturers in the state, including BMW and Michelin, aren’t unionized or haven’t experienced major campaigns to do so. The Machinists initially petitioned for a vote at Boeing in 2015 but withdrew the request because of what the union called a toxic atmosphere and political interference. Another facet of union opposition in this heavily Republican state is political, given the longstanding relationship between organized labor and Democratic politics. Any lenience toward unions could be seen as giving Democrats a toehold here. Southern states for decades have recruited manufacturers by promising freedom from the influences of labor unions, which except for some textile mills have been historically rejected by workers as collective action culturally foreign to a south built around family farms, said Jeffrey Hirsch, a law professor who specializes in labor relations at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. A successful union vote at Boeing would have a greater regional impact than Volkswagen workers’ efforts to unionize in Chattanooga, Tennessee. Anti-union advocates cited VW as an aberration since representatives of one of its key unions in Germany hold seats on the company’s board of directors, Hirsch said. “Boeing is very, very different,” Hirsch said. “No one will ever accuse Boeing of being pro-union.” A “yes” vote could inspire others in the region to consider unions, said Daniel Cornfield, sociology professor and labor expert at Vanderbilt University. What strikes Cornfield about the Boeing case is the company’s silence over consequences if its workers unionize. “The company has not been threatening to relocate its operations in the event of a unionization,” he said. “It is often the case that companies try to relocate outside of the United States to find cheaper labor and avoid US unions altogether.” Boeing may have abstained from those threats because of its huge South Carolina plant investment and billions of dollars in federal defense contracts the company does not want to risk. Facebook Twitter Pinterest Cost of Air Force One order ‘totally out of control’, says Trump Cornfield said Trump’s pressure on business to keep jobs in the US could be “defanging large corporations in their efforts to resist unionization ... giving workers a leg up and unions a leg up in the campaign period”. The union vote also comes after Trump blasted Boeing for the cost of building a new Air Force One. “Costs are out of control,” Trump tweeted in early December. “Cancel order!” Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg met with Trump two weeks later. Catherine Templeton, South Carolina’s former labor director and successful anti-union lawyer, is no stranger to this fight. When Haley picked Templeton to lead South Carolina’s labor department, the governor played up Templeton’s union-fighting background and said she needed her help to “fight the unions” at Boeing. “They cannot legally deliver higher wages, better benefits or a different working environment. Even if they are promising it, they certainly can’t deliver it,” Templeton said. On Monday, several hundred Boeing employees gathered in a hotel ballroom just a mile from the plant, hearing from activists and members of other unions urging them to vote yes. “Suppressing working people is the old way of doing business in South Carolina,” Machinists organizer Mike Evans said, to cheers. “It’s not going to be this way anymore.” More news Topics Boeing US unions Donald Trump Airline industry Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business selected economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Business › Boeing Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
News Sports Entertainment Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Digital Edition News News Local Crime Databases Education Election Politics Nation/World Special Reports Carolina College Bound Columnists Campaign Tracker Retro Charlotte Your Schools Mark Washburn All Blogs & Columns Sports Sports Carolina Panthers Charlotte Hornets That's Racin' High Schools College Sports Charlotte Knights/MLB Other Sports Blogs & Columnists Inside the Panthers Inside the NBA Prep Insiders Scott Says All Blogs & Columns Politics Politics Elections Business Business Banking ShopTalk Top Workplaces National Business Bank Watch What's in Store Development Earth and Energy All Blogs & Columns Living Living Religion Food & Drink Health & Family Home & Garden CLT Style Travel Living Here Guide Deal Diva Everyday Angels Blogs & Columnists I'll Bite Karen Garloch Kathleen Purvis All Blogs & Columns Entertainment Entertainment Events Movie News & Reviews Restaurants Music/Nightlife Television Books Comics Puzzles & Games Contests Media Scene Blogs & Columnists Helen Schwab Sound Bites Lawrence Toppman All Blogs & Columns Opinion Opinion Editorials Kevin Siers Letters Submit a Letter Viewpoint All Blogs & Columns Blogs & Columnists O-Pinion You Write The Caption Taylor Batten Eric Frazier Peter St. Onge Celebrations Obituaries Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Virtual Career Fair Homes Classifieds Shopping Place an ad MomsCharlotte Carolina Bride Magazine Lake Norman Magazine South Park Magazine Business February 15, 2017 11:27 AM Boeing workers hold union vote ahead of Trump visit to South Carolina A Boeing Dreamliner 787 with AirEuropa livery moves past Boeing’s final assembly facility in North Charleston, South Carolina. Travis Dove Bloomberg i By MEG KINNARD and EMERY P. DALESIO Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story NORTH CHARLESTON, S.C. Nearly 3,000 production workers at Boeing’s South Carolina plant are deciding whether they want to unionize, writing the next chapter in efforts to organize labor in large manufacturing plants across the South. The first round of voting began early Wednesday. A second round was set for Wednesday afternoon to accommodate all employees. The voting is taking place with President Donald Trump set to visit North Charleston to attend the rollout of the first Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner, the White House said Thursday. If successful, the balloting on whether employees should join the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers would send a significant message to politicians in the region and Washington that workers here want the same protections and benefits as those in other areas. And, to leaders trying to recruit businesses by promoting their states’ lack of union presence, it’d make their jobs more difficult. But this most recent test of Southern acceptance of collective bargaining movements is an uphill battle for the union and its backers. The global aviation giant, which came to South Carolina in part because of the state’s minuscule union presence, did so with the aid of millions of dollars in state assistance made possible by officials who spoke out frequently and glowingly with anti-union messages. “It is an economic development tool,” Gov. Nikki Haley, now President Donald Trump’s ambassador to the United Nations, said in a 2012 address of how she sold companies on coming to the state. “We'll make the unions understand full well that they are not needed, not wanted and not welcome in the state of South Carolina.” At least that part of the tactic has worked. Only about 52,000 South Carolina workers have union representation, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics’ 2016 figures. Other major manufacturers in the state, including BMW and Michelin, aren’t unionized or haven’t experienced major campaigns to do so. The Machinists initially petitioned for a vote at Boeing in 2015 but withdrew the request because of what the union called a toxic atmosphere and political interference. Another facet of union opposition in this heavily Republican state is political, given the longstanding relationship between organized labor and Democratic politics. Any lenience toward unions could be seen as giving Democrats a toehold here. Southern states for decades have recruited manufacturers by promising freedom from the influences of labor unions, which except for some textile mills have been historically rejected by workers as collective action culturally foreign to a South built around family farms, said Jeffrey Hirsch, a law professor who specializes in labor relations at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. A successful union vote at Boeing would have a greater regional impact than Volkswagen workers’ efforts to unionize in Chattanooga, Tennessee. Anti-union advocates cited VW as an aberration since representatives of one of its key unions in Germany hold seats on the company’s board of directors, Hirsch said. “Boeing is very, very different,” Hirsch said. “No one will ever accuse Boeing of being pro-union.” A “yes” vote could inspire others in the region to consider unions, said Daniel Cornfield, sociology professor and labor expert at Vanderbilt University. What strikes Cornfield about the Boeing case is the company’s silence over consequences if its workers unionize. “The company has not been threatening to relocate its operations in the event of a unionization,” he said. “It is often the case that companies try to relocate outside of the United States to find cheaper labor and avoid U.S. unions altogether.” Boeing may have abstained from those threats because of its huge South Carolina plant investment and billions of dollars in federal defense contracts the company does not want to risk. Cornfield said Trump’s pressure on business to keep jobs in the U.S. could be “defanging large corporations in their efforts to resist unionization … giving workers a leg up and unions a leg up in the campaign period.” The union vote also comes after Trump blasted Boeing for the cost of building a new Air Force One. “Costs are out of control,” Trump tweeted in early December. “Cancel order!” Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg met with Trump two weeks later. Catherine Templeton, South Carolina’s former labor director and successful anti-union lawyer, is no stranger to this fight. When Haley picked Templeton to lead South Carolina’s labor department, the governor played up Templeton’s union-fighting background and saying she needed her help to “fight the unions” at Boeing. “They cannot legally deliver higher wages, better benefits or a different working environment. Even if they are promising it, they certainly can’t deliver it,” Templeton said. On Monday, several hundred Boeing employees gathered in a hotel ballroom just a mile from the plant, hearing from activists and members of other unions urging them to vote “yes.” “Suppressing working people is the old way of doing business in South Carolina,” Machinists organizer Mike Evans said, to cheers. “It’s not going to be this way anymore.” Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Business Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:10 How is a blade born in N.C.? Find out, with A. Sharpe knife Pause 1:40 Harry Jones discusses the power of prayer in his battle with cancer 1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants 0:55 Immigrants protest ICE arrests 0:57 CMPD video: Police chief responds to immigration enforcement concerns 2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do? 0:48 What happens when a young man challenges a deputy to a dance off 1:09 Gentry and Hadley Eddings: A message of forgiveness 5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook 2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 2 days ago Nice day to get a Valentine 0:34 2 days ago Nice day to get a Valentine 2:27 4 days ago Jenna Greenwood shows how she shops for Shipt 1:04 6 days ago Statesville Avenue developments View more video Business After Steph Curry criticism, Under Armour CEO speaks out in full-page ad Andrew Puzder, bruised by GOP doubts, is out as Trump’s labor secretary nominee Boeing workers hold union vote ahead of Trump visit to South Carolina Meet the people making money on Charlotte’s grocery delivery services After a neighborhood pushes back, developer scales down controversial plan for townhouses Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store News in Education Published Corrections Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Get News Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping CLT Digital Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store News in Education Published Corrections Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Get News Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping CLT Digital More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Will Boeing workers defy U.S. south's anti-unionization history? | CTV News Skip to Main Content Skip to Section Links CTV News Mobile CTV Live Now: CTV News Channel HOT TOPICS Found money Eugenie Bouchard Trump's team Search Search CTV News X NEWS VIDEO LOCAL SHOWS CTV NEWS CHANNEL MYNEWS CONNECT ABOUT Sections CTV News Canada World Entertainment Politics Sci-Tech Health Sports Lifestyle Autos Business 5 Things to Know Politics: Don Martin The Green File Weather The Royals Photo Galleries Sections Latest CTV News on the Go Lifestyle Entertainment Health Captured on Camera MyNews Autos Consumer Technology Finance Shows CTV National News Power Play CTV QP W5 LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help CTV Atlantic Calgary Edmonton Kitchener Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg CTV Two Alberta Atlantic Barrie London Ottawa Vancouver Island Windsor News Programs CTV National News QP W5 CTV News Channel Power Play Schedule Follow CTV News Facebook Twitter Google + Pinterest YouTube Instagram LinkedIn Contact Contact CTV News Newsbreaker Subscribe RSS Feeds Breaking news alerts Newsletters LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help SECTIONS About Bell Media CTV News Mobile CTV.ca Contests CTV News Stox CTV News Channel CTV News Channel Schedule CTV Schedule BIOS CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team Advertisement Will Boeing workers defy U.S. south's anti-unionization history? In this Jan. 25, 2011 file photo is the Boeing Company logo on the property in El Segundo, Calif. The company will pay $90 million to settle a lawsuit filed by former Boeing workers over retirement and medical benefits after the sale of the company's Wichita operations. (Reed Saxon/AP Photo) Meg Kinnard and Emery P. Dalesio, The Associated Press Published Wednesday, February 15, 2017 10:39AM EST Last Updated Wednesday, February 15, 2017 1:13PM EST NORTH CHARLESTON, S.C. -- Nearly 3,000 production workers at Boeing's South Carolina plant are deciding whether they want to unionize, writing the next chapter in efforts to organize labour in large manufacturing plants across the South. The first round of voting began early Wednesday. A second round was set for Wednesday afternoon to accommodate all employees. If successful, the balloting on whether employees should join the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers would send a significant message to politicians in the region and Washington that workers here want the same protections and benefits as those in other areas. And, to leaders trying to recruit businesses by promoting their states' lack of union presence, it'd make their jobs more difficult. But this most recent test of Southern acceptance of collective bargaining movements is an uphill battle for the union and its backers. The global aviation giant, which came to South Carolina in part because of the state's minuscule union presence, did so with the aid of millions of dollars in state assistance made possible by officials who spoke out frequently and glowingly with anti-union messages. "It is an economic development tool," Gov. Nikki Haley, now President Donald Trump's ambassador to the United Nations, said in a 2012 address of how she sold companies on coming to the state. "We'll make the unions understand full well that they are not needed, not wanted and not welcome in the state of South Carolina." At least that part of the tactic has worked. Only about 52,000 South Carolina workers have union representation, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics' 2016 figures. Other major manufacturers in the state, including BMW and Michelin, aren't unionized or haven't experienced major campaigns to do so. The Machinists initially petitioned for a vote at Boeing in 2015 but withdrew the request because of what the union called a toxic atmosphere and political interference. Another facet of union opposition in this heavily Republican state is political, given the longstanding relationship between organized labour and Democratic politics. Any lenience toward unions could be seen as giving Democrats a toehold here. Southern states for decades have recruited manufacturers by promising freedom from the influences of labour unions, which except for some textile mills have been historically rejected by workers as collective action culturally foreign to a South built around family farms, said Jeffrey Hirsch, a law professor who specializes in labour relations at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. A successful union vote at Boeing would have a greater regional impact than Volkswagen workers' efforts to unionize in Chattanooga, Tennessee. Anti-union advocates cited VW as an aberration since representatives of one of its key unions in Germany hold seats on the company's board of directors, Hirsch said. "Boeing is very, very different," Hirsch said. "No one will ever accuse Boeing of being pro-union." A "yes" vote could inspire others in the region to consider unions, said Daniel Cornfield, sociology professor and labour expert at Vanderbilt University. What strikes Cornfield about the Boeing case is the company's silence over consequences if its workers unionize. "The company has not been threatening to relocate its operations in the event of a unionization," he said. "It is often the case that companies try to relocate outside of the United States to find cheaper labour and avoid U.S. unions altogether." Boeing may have abstained from those threats because of its huge South Carolina plant investment and billions of dollars in federal defence contracts the company does not want to risk. Cornfield said Trump's pressure on business to keep jobs in the U.S. could be "defanging large corporations in their efforts to resist unionization ... giving workers a leg up and unions a leg up in the campaign period." The union vote also comes after Trump blasted Boeing for the cost of building a new Air Force One. "Costs are out of control," Trump tweeted in early December. "Cancel order!" Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg met with Trump two weeks later. Catherine Templeton, South Carolina's former labour director and successful anti-union lawyer, is no stranger to this fight. When Haley picked Templeton to lead South Carolina's labour department, the governor played up Templeton's union-fighting background and saying she needed her help to "fight the unions" at Boeing. "They cannot legally deliver higher wages, better benefits or a different working environment. Even if they are promising it, they certainly can't deliver it," Templeton said. On Monday, several hundred Boeing employees gathered in a hotel ballroom just a mile from the plant, hearing from activists and members of other unions urging them to vote "yes." "Suppressing working people is the old way of doing business in South Carolina," Machinists organizer Mike Evans said, to cheers. "It's not going to be this way anymore." Dalesio reported from Raleigh, North Carolina Related Stories Boeing, Airbus offer rosy outlooks for aircraft demand Report Error MOST WATCHED false CTV National News for Wednesday, Feb. 15, 2017 Air Date: February 15, 2017 false CTV National News: Trump deflects on Russia ties Air Date: February 15, 2017 false CTV News Channel: 'Treated very unfairly' Air Date: February 15, 2017 false CTV National News: Connection to Downton Abbey Air Date: February 15, 2017 false CTV News Channel: Trump team and Russia Air Date: February 15, 2017 false CTV News Channel: 'Terrific style' Air Date: February 15, 2017 false CTV National News: Dangers of flying over Iraq Air Date: February 15, 2017 false CTV News Channel: 'What the Liberals didn't do' Air Date: February 15, 2017 false CTV National News: Taking aim at 'Pink Tax' Air Date: February 15, 2017 false Thousands of dollars found inside old TV Air Date: February 15, 2017 false Mother still waiting for baby's cause of death Air Date: February 15, 2017 false CTV News Channel: 'Not legal, more a trust issue' Air Date: February 14, 2017 More news from Business Protests disrupt ex-Pharma CEO Martin Shkreli's talk at Harvard Asian stocks mixed on U.S. interest rate speculation Trudeau arrives in Europe to hail trade pact as countermeasure to isolationism Canada Goose files for public offering on Toronto and New York exchanges Alberta regulator shuts down all operations of oil and gas producer Lexin Resources B.C. signs Pacific NorthWest LNG benefits deals with First Nations Join the conversation... Advertisement Sponsored Saving for retirement: Where and how should you build up your nest egg? Sponsored Preparing for a vacation: How to get from dream to destination BNN VIDEOS _ _ WATCH: MoneyTalk: The equity Trump bump and the outlook for gold _ WATCH: MoneyTalk: Trudeau and Trump met, now what? _ WATCH: MoneyTalk for Wednesday, Feb. 15, 2017 _ WATCH: Brian Madden's Top Picks CTV News Video Network false Trump reacts in anger to accusations of ties to Russia false Canadians losing danger pay routinely fly missions over Iraq false Pay up: Mattis talks tough on NATO defence spending false New legal challenge seeks to fight the 'Pink Tax' CTV National News for Feb. 15: Trump deflects on Russia ties Most Popular Stories 1 $100,000 found inside old TV at Ontario recycling plant 1 2 Bouchard pays off Super Bowl bet with date at Brooklyn Nets game 3 Canada Goose files for public offering on Toronto and New York exchanges 4 'Too hot for comfort': BMO says Toronto housing market in a bubble 5 Stuart McLean, host of 'Vinyl Cafe,' has died 2 6 WestJet pilot orders pizza for rerouted Air Canada passengers 7 Court awards $46K to Burger King cook fired for taking 50 cents worth of food 8 'Slow down': Dad condemns driver who splashed baby from roadside puddle 1 9 Alberta regulator shuts down all operations of oil and gas producer Lexin Resources 10 3 men sought in $1.2M theft of surgical equipment from Toronto hospital 1 Don't Miss false Real 'Downton Abbey' played pivotal role in birth of Canada false 'Vinyl Cafe' host Stuart McLean dead at the age of 68 false Honest recycling worker turns in $100K found hidden in TV You will need to enable JavaScript in order to use the Widget. CANADA Calgary jury determining fate of triple-murder suspect Watchdog criticizes RCMP over poor reporting of missing-persons cases in B.C. 'Like a bomb went off': Massive Toronto fire extinguished WORLD Shooting death of Chicago toddler caught on camera Trump administration wrestles with a crush of crises Judge gives treasure hunter a way to provide details over missing coins ENTERTAINMENT Stuart McLean, host of 'Vinyl Cafe,' has died Grammy producer apologizes for Metallica, Caesar glitches In new report, man claims Justin Bieber punched him in June HEALTH China makes deadly opioid carfentanil a controlled substance NYC officials: 1 person dies, 2 ill from rat-related disease Surgeons rude to patients may pose problem in OR, study says POLITICS MPs debate anti-Islamophobia motion Mary Ng, PMO's director of appointments, hopes to run for McCallum's vacant seat Reconciliation with indigenous peoples key to economic growth: Wilson-Raybould SCI-TECH Survey showing support for nuke waste bunker near Lake Huron 'misleading' India launches more than 100 satellites into orbit Fears of exploding whales as New Zealand clears carcasses BUSINESS Protests disrupt ex-Pharma CEO Martin Shkreli's talk at Harvard Asian stocks mixed on U.S. interest rate speculation Trudeau arrives in Europe to hail trade pact as countermeasure to isolationism AUTOS Drivers behaving badly: The young really are the worst, study finds Toyota hopes revamped plug-in sells better than first model 2017 Kia Niro is most affordable hybrid SUV SPORTS NBA scores: Lowry leads Raptors in 90-85 win over Hornets Firing Therrien was difficult, but necessary for Canadiens: Bergevin NHL scores: Blue Jackets hammer Leafs 5-1 Lifestyle The truth about travel with kids: Lessons learned after 21 weeks away American Girl to sell its first-ever boy doll Enduring ukulele trend spawning feel-good strum sessions nationwide CTV News on the Go false News Minute: Trump cites 'fake media' in Flynn resignation Trump cites 'fake media' in Flynn resignation Atlanta zoo trolls Tom Brady after losing bet In Pictures   Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show Six-alarm fire ravages historic Toronto building Toronto Blue Jays spring training in Dunedin Advertise on CTVNews.ca Advertise with Bell Media About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Producer Guidelines Contact Us Local News CTV News Atlantic CTV News Calgary CTV News Edmonton CTV News Kitchener CTV News Montreal CTV News Northern Ontario CTV News Ottawa CTV News Regina CTV News Saskatoon CTV News Toronto CTV News Vancouver CTV News Winnipeg CTV Two Atlantic Alberta Barrie London Ottawa Windsor Vancouver Island CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Video Sign In Video Sign Out CTV News GO Video Help CTV News on Mobile Site login View Mobile Site Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2017 All rights reserved. Bell Media Television Back to top
Subscribe Manage Account LOG IN Don't Miss Announcing the 2016 class of ‘Women of the Year’ Appellate court upholds dismissal of World Trade Center lawsuit Marketing help offered for North Shore businesses Congress blocks rule barring mentally impaired from guns Café Sbisa returns with promising French Quarter fare Puzder’s nomination as Labor secretary in serious trouble Are Baked Lay’s potato chips “guilt-free”? PepsiCo says so Trump’s budget pick clears initial Senate hurdle Yellen defends Fed independence, banking regulations Top residential, commercial building permits Top Construction Projects: 3. Armstrong Airport North Terminal New Orleans CityBusiness The Business Newspaper of Metropolitan New Orleans News FEATURES Commission Accomplished Dining Out Q&A Renovation Report Startup CloseUp These Walls Office Space What’s On Your Phone Money Construction and Real Estate Government and Politics Energy Health Care Law Ports and Transportation Retail and Hospitality Technology Guest Perspective Events Leadership in Law Nomination Form Health Care Heroes Nomination Form Money Makers Nomination Form Women of the Year Nomination Form Best Places to Work Nomination Form Reprints Around Town People this Week Calendar Ones to Watch FYI Special Sections Top Construction Projects Health Care Annual Education Guide Real Estate Trends Path to Excellence Book of Lists E-mail Updates Classifieds Directory Advertising Home / News / Boeing vote tells next chapter in Southern unionization Boeing vote tells next chapter in Southern unionization By: The Associated Press February 15, 2017 0 Nearly 3,000 production workers at Boeing’s South Carolina plant are deciding whether they want to unionize, writing the next chapter in efforts to organize labor in large manufacturing plants across the South. The first round of voting began early Wednesday. A second round was set for Wednesday afternoon to accommodate all employees. If successful, the balloting on whether employees should join the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers would send a significant message to politicians in the region and Washington that workers here want the same protections and benefits as those in other areas. And, to leaders trying to recruit businesses by promoting their states’ lack of union presence, it’d make their jobs more difficult. But this most recent test of Southern acceptance of collective bargaining movements is an uphill battle for the union and its backers. The global aviation giant, which came to South Carolina in part because of the state’s minuscule union presence, did so with the aid of millions of dollars in state assistance made possible by officials who spoke out frequently and glowingly with anti-union messages. “It is an economic development tool,” Gov. Nikki Haley, now President Donald Trump’s ambassador to the United Nations, said in a 2012 address of how she sold companies on coming to the state. “We’ll make the unions understand full well that they are not needed, not wanted and not welcome in the state of South Carolina.” At least that part of the tactic has worked. Only about 52,000 South Carolina workers have union representation, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics’ 2016 figures. Other major manufacturers in the state, including BMW and Michelin, aren’t unionized or haven’t experienced major campaigns to do so. The Machinists initially petitioned for a vote at Boeing in 2015 but withdrew the request because of what the union called a toxic atmosphere and political interference. Another facet of union opposition in this heavily Republican state is political, given the longstanding relationship between organized labor and Democratic politics. Any lenience toward unions could be seen as giving Democrats a toehold here. Southern states for decades have recruited manufacturers by promising freedom from the influences of labor unions, which except for some textile mills have been historically rejected by workers as collective action culturally foreign to a South built around family farms, said Jeffrey Hirsch, a law professor who specializes in labor relations at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. A successful union vote at Boeing would have a greater regional impact than Volkswagen workers’ efforts to unionize in Chattanooga, Tennessee. Anti-union advocates cited VW as an aberration since representatives of one of its key unions in Germany hold seats on the company’s board of directors, Hirsch said. “Boeing is very, very different,” Hirsch said. “No one will ever accuse Boeing of being pro-union.” A “yes” vote could inspire others in the region to consider unions, said Daniel Cornfield, sociology professor and labor expert at Vanderbilt University. What strikes Cornfield about the Boeing case is the company’s silence over consequences if its workers unionize. “The company has not been threatening to relocate its operations in the event of a unionization,” he said. “It is often the case that companies try to relocate outside of the United States to find cheaper labor and avoid U.S. unions altogether.” Boeing may have abstained from those threats because of its huge South Carolina plant investment and billions of dollars in federal defense contracts the company does not want to risk. Cornfield said Trump’s pressure on business to keep jobs in the U.S. could be “defanging large corporations in their efforts to resist unionization … giving workers a leg up and unions a leg up in the campaign period.” The union vote also comes after Trump blasted Boeing for the cost of building a new Air Force One. “Costs are out of control,” Trump tweeted in early December. “Cancel order!” Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg met with Trump two weeks later. Catherine Templeton, South Carolina’s former labor director and successful anti-union lawyer, is no stranger to this fight. When Haley picked Templeton to lead South Carolina’s labor department, the governor played up Templeton’s union-fighting background and saying she needed her help to “fight the unions” at Boeing. “They cannot legally deliver higher wages, better benefits or a different working environment. Even if they are promising it, they certainly can’t deliver it,” Templeton said. On Monday, several hundred Boeing employees gathered in a hotel ballroom just a mile from the plant, hearing from activists and members of other unions urging them to vote “yes.” “Suppressing working people is the old way of doing business in South Carolina,” Machinists organizer Mike Evans said, to cheers. “It’s not going to be this way anymore.” To sign up for free CityBusiness Daily Updates, click here. Share this: Email Print Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google Boeing union 10:24 am Wed, February 15, 2017 New Orleans CityBusiness The Associated Press Tagged with: Boeing union Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website   Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Law Appellate court upholds dismissal of World Trade Center lawsuit February 15, 2017 Judge denies tribes’ request to halt pipeline February 13, 2017 Judge to hear arguments on Dakota Access pipeline work February 13, 2017 Money Trump’s budget pick clears initial Senate hurdle February 15, 2017 Yellen defends Fed independence, banking regulations February 15, 2017 Tech Talk Buffett’s firm invests heavily in Apple, airline stocks February 15, 2017 Microsoft lawsuit vs. secret government searches moves ahead February 10, 2017 Nokia to acquire software firm Comptel for $370M February 9, 2017 Ports & Transportation Buffett’s firm invests heavily in Apple, airline stocks February 15, 2017 Boeing vote tells next chapter in Southern unionization February 15, 2017 Leaders of American Airlines pilots’ union blast CEO February 14, 2017 Drill Bits Decommissioning regs delayed as bankruptcies disrupt process February 14, 2017 Judge denies tribes’ request to halt pipeline February 13, 2017 Judge to hear arguments on Dakota Access pipeline work February 13, 2017 CityBusiness Email Alert Sign Up for New Orleans CityBusiness’ e-mail alerts. Bring the day’s business headlines directly to your desktop or mobile device free of charge. Digital Edition Get your copy of CityBusiness on Friday. Plan next week with an early look at local business news. For subscription information, please call (800) 451-9998 My Account LOG IN SUBSCRIBE MANAGE ACCOUNT PRIVACY POLICY SUBSCRIBER AGREEMENT Recent Posts Appellate court upholds dismissal of World Trade Center lawsuit Marketing help offered for North Shore businesses Congress blocks rule barring mentally impaired from guns Café Sbisa returns with promising French Quarter fare Puzder’s nomination as Labor secretary in serious trouble New Orleans CityBusiness ADVERTISING CONTACT US FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS NEWSSTANDS Copyright © 2017 New Orleans Publishing Group | 3445 N. Causeway Blvd., Suite 901, Metairie, LA 70002 | Phone: (504)834-9292 E-mail: mail@nopg.com Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Budget 2017 SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com News Others High potential for air travel growth in India during 2017: Boeing High potential for air travel growth in India during 2017: Boeing Source : Last Updated: Wed, Feb 15, 2017 21:00 hrs Tweet Mail Print Bangalore, Feb 15 (IANS) Global aerospace major Boeing on Wednesday said that it saw a high potential for air travel growth in India during 2017. "The major factors we watch - the exchange rate, fuel price and the profitability of the airlines - are all still favourable and we remain confident in the strong growth of India's commercial aviation sector," said Dinesh Keskar, Senior Vice President, Asia Pacific and India Sales, Boeing Commercial Airplanes. "We see the potential for travel growth in 2017 to continue to be high in India and we expect more than 100 million passengers to fly domestically this year," Keskar spoke during a briefing organised by Boeing at the 2017 Aero India Airshow in Bangalore. According to Keskar, Boeing continues to provide the airlines in India with the most fuel efficient and capable airplanes in every market segment. "We look forward to delivering several more 787 Dreamliners to Air India this year and the 737 MAX to SpiceJet and Jet Airways in 2018," Keskar said. Earlier, Boeing's 2016 India Current Market Outlook (CMO), had shown that the country's airlines would require 1,850 new airplanes, valued at $265 billion over the next 20 years. As per the 2016 India CMO, single-aisle airplanes such as the Next-Generation 737 and 737 MAX will continue to account for the largest share of new deliveries, while wide-body airplanes such as the 787 Dreamliner and the 777 family, will make up for the remainder of demand. --IANS rv/dg SEARCH More from Sify: talking point on sify news Latest Features AIADMK's shoe politics 'Lioness' Sasikala's fate 'Lioness' Sasikala's fate Floor test for Sasikala When PM Modi ridiculed Manmohan Singh and Rahul Gandhi About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Store Subscribe RSS Newsletter Advertise Contact Us 100-Year Archive Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Aviation Week Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Technology Aircraft Design Advances in Manufacturing Vertical Flight New Civil Aircraft Leading Edge Commercial Aviation New Civil Aircraft From the Flight Deck Airline Fleets and Networks Airline Intel Aircraft Interiors Space Commercial Space Space Exploration In Orbit Defense Combat Aircraft Electronic Warfare Air Combat Safety Intelligence, Surveillance & Reconnaissance Vertical Flight Washington Outlook Business Aviation Vertical Flight Inside Business Aviation MRO Connected Aerospace Products & Services Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Advertisement Home > MRO > Airframe OEMs And The Aftermarket You have access to this content through your organization’s enterprise subscription to the Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN). Would you like to go there now? Your choice will be remembered until you close your browser. No, stay hereYes, go to AWIN Airframe OEMs And The Aftermarket Feb 15, 2017 Daniel James | MRO Network EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Advertisement At the tail end of last year, I wrote about the issues facing MROs as engine OEMs appeared desirous of limiting the extent to which third parties were able to service their latest offerings. That was shaping up to be an acrimonious issue and a number of MROs cried foul in relation to competition issues and the potential abuse of the OEM’s dominant position. The European Commission weighed in back in 2015 but only to the extent of making some enquiries, by way of questionnaire, about the practices of some engine OEMs. No formal investigation has been launched. This is not of course to say the issue has gone away. However, to focus solely on the engine OEMs may be unfair. Over the past few years there has also been a gearing up on the part of airframe OEMs in capturing a segment of, what they have realised to be, a lucrative market. Lately both Boeing and Embraer have announced ambitious MRO plans with Boeing in particular looking to triple its income from MRO services over ten years.  To evidence some of that ambition, Boeing has recently announced the building of a new maintenance facility at Gatwick Airport. Embraer are a little more conservative in their ambitions, looking for a 10% increase in revenue from these services over the next decade, from 15% to 25% of their total revenue, but it certainly marks another deliberate and focused push firmly into the MRO space. Some commentators have considered that the provision of MRO services was thought to be “beneath” the airframe OEMs in the past, and this is why they were not minded to enter that particular space.  Others consider that the move into expanding airframe services has been a tougher decision given that that the majority of airline expenditure with MROs is actually in relation to engine and line maintenance. I do not disagree with either view but also consider that the recent developments, much as we have seen in the engine world, may be premised on the costs of development of new, ever more complex technology and a determination within the industry (not just OEMs) to build greater resilience into business models following the financial collapse in 2008 and in a world ever less certain.      Developing the technology of 21st century aircraft is costly and significant investment is required. The OEMs need to derive further, more diverse, income streams from aircraft to attract and provide adequate return to investors. Selling an aircraft is now only part of the income to be derived. Downturns in orders for aircraft as a result of financial crisis, terrorist events and global conflict, can perhaps be cushioned by the provision of MRO services for those aircraft already delivered.  The ambitions are bold and may represent a further squeeze on third party MRO capabilities and revenues going forward. From what I can ascertain the moves do not seem, at this stage, to be attracting as much controversy as the engine OEMs’ stance, but perhaps this may all change if some of these ambitious airframer targets are hit over the next ten years. View Original Article Print Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles OEMs In Aftermarket: Good, Bad and Ugly   OEM Supply Chain Squeeze Flowing Downstream, Into Aftermarket An Airframe OEM in Engine MRO   PWC: OEMs Could Improve Aftermarket Sales OEMs in Aftermarket Worry Airlines and MROs   Advertisement MRO Links - Current Edition   View Digital Edition PAST ISSUES: January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016   Advertisement MRO Links Numbers Advertisement AviationWeek.com Commercial Aviation Business Aviation Defense MRO Space 100-Year Archive Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Site Features Subscribe Newsletters RSS Sitemap Mobile site Aviation Week Network About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Search AviationWeek.com Search: PISCES Penton Corporate Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Global Economy > Trade > Boeing's Fortunes Brighten as Trump Warms to Value of Ex-Im Bank Boeing's Fortunes Brighten as Trump Warms to Value of Ex-Im Bank Feb 15, 2017 Bloomberg EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Trump will fly to Boeing’s South Carolina factory to attend an event Friday showcasing the newest 787 Dreamliner, where he’s expected to make an announcement about the federal export credit agency. More About: Trump and Manufacturing Boeing factory in North Charleston, South Carolina Boeing Advertisement After a rocky start, Boeing Co. (IW 500/9) Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg appears to have gained the ear of President Donald Trump. The U.S. planemaker was one of Trump’s first post-election corporate targets, and a tweet about soaring Air Force One costs briefly tanked the company’s shares in December. But the Twitter tirade also gave Muilenburg an opening to press the case of the largest U.S. exporter -- and the 1.5 million jobs at its jet-equipment suppliers -- in meetings with Trump. The CEO’s entreaties seem to have worked. Trump has emerged as a booster for Boeing’s F/A-18 fighter jets and voiced support to lawmakers for a key Boeing initiative: re-opening the U.S. Export-Import Bank for major deals. Trump will fly to Boeing’s South Carolina factory to attend an event Friday showcasing the newest 787 Dreamliner, where he’s expected to make an announcement about the federal export credit agency. Popular Now Is Quality a Result or a System? Leaders Must Have 'Strategic Intelligence' The Dawn of the Smart Factory “The supply chain for Boeing doesn’t just run through the state of Washington,” said Howard Rubel, an analyst at Jefferies. The Ex-Im Bank is “a door opener.” Supporting the lender would put Trump at odds with some fellow Republicans, who view the bank as providing corporate welfare. Ex-Im has been dubbed the “Bank of Boeing” for the backing it has given to aircraft purchases by airlines unable to tap conventional credit markets. But it’s been blocked from providing loan guarantees of more than $10 million because it lacks a board member whose nomination has been stuck in a Senate committee since 2015. Committed to a Quorum Trump is committed to reestablishing a quorum on the bank’s board, U.S. Senator Heidi Heitkamp, a Democrat from North Dakota, said after a Feb. 9 bipartisan lunch meeting between the president and lawmakers. That’s needed to allow the bank to lend more as it faces a backlog of as much as $30 billion in projects. Boeing and General Electric Co. have argued that without the financing, they would face a competitive disadvantage against companies in Europe, Canada, Brazil, China and Russia, which don’t face similar restrictions. With the bank hobbled, U.S. manufacturers have been forced to turn to private banks or export credit banks from other countries where they operate to help customers finance big-ticket purchases. Boeing has lost or faces delays on three commercial satellite sales because of the lack of export credit, said Kate Bernard, a spokeswoman for the Chicago-based manufacturer. “It’s put us at a significant competitive disadvantage,” Bernard said. Critics argue that the Ex-Im Bank’s guarantees are heavily weighted toward a few large companies and the U.S. government could potentially be on the hook if borrowers default. In 2014, 40% of all authorizations went to Boeing alone, according to an analysis by George Mason University’s Mercatus Center. Other beneficiaries range from GE to Bechtel Group Inc. “I don’t blame companies like Boeing, Bechtel and GE for using Ex-Im or benefiting from Ex-Im,” said Diane Katz, a senior fellow at the Heritage Foundation, which favors limited government. “But we don’t have to give them the opportunity to do that on the backs of taxpayers.” GE had contracts valued at $11 billion that required Ex-Im Bank financing in 2015, when reauthorization of the bank lapsed. The company rushed to form partnerships with export credit agencies in Canada, the U.K., France and other countries to meet those needs, said Una Pulizzi, a spokeswoman for GE. A representative of Bechtel didn’t respond to a request for comment left outside normal business hours. The Bank is Profitable Ex-Im Bank’s quarterly default rate was 0.27% at the end of September, well below the mandate by Congress. The bank is also profitable, returning $284 million to the U.S. Treasury last year and $675 million in 2014 when it was fully operational. The lender estimates it supported almost 165,000 U.S. jobs in 2014. If U.S. contractors can’t find Ex-Im Bank financing for U.S.-made equipment needed on an overseas projects, they will shift purchases to a country where the guarantees are available, said William Schubert, president of International Trade & Transportation Inc., which helps borrowers find government-backed credit. “When that happens, all the U.S. procurement disappears,” Schubert said. “I know people who are unemployed right now because the bank is down, and that’s unfortunate.” By Julie Johnsson, Thomas Black and Austin Weinstein Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Related Articles It's a New Era for American Energy -- and Energy Exports Export-Minded Small Businesses Should Think Inside the Box A Vote Against the Ex-Im Bank is a Vote Against US Manufacturers Manufacturers Come to Capitol Hill to Stress Need for Ex-Im Bank 1 U.S. Senators Press for Ex-Im Bank Reauthorization THE LATEST Boeing Machinists Vote Down Union in South Carolina Will SolarCity's Loss Affect Tesla? Investors Don't Care--Yet Toyota Sold One Prius in China in December, as Demand Disappears Puzder Said to Be Ready to Withdraw as Trump's Labor Nominee Four Marketing Action Items for Manufacturers Boycott Culture Forces CEOs to Walk Tightrope in Trump Era More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week Feb 13, 2017 News IndustryWeek Bosch’s Electric Outlook The company’s head of battery systems talks about what the future holds for autonomous, hybrid and electric vehicles....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek Attracting, Retaining Talent Is No. 1 Concern in 'Future of Work' Survey Landmarks in Time: Leadership & Management During the Industrial Revolution [SLIDESHOW] 1.3 Million Jobs Created By Closing Trade Deficit Says Think Tank China Buys Auto Parts Makers as Trump's America First Era Looms Boeing's Fortunes Brighten as Trump Warms to Value of Ex-Im Bank IW Webinars Put Your Labor Data to Work: Unlock Improvements in Manufacturing with Engaged Employees How the Cloud and Analytics Improve Manufacturers' Bottom Lines Manufacturing Trends: IndustryWeek/PwC Webinar Series Manufacturing Flash Forward: A Preview of 2017's Top 17 Issues, in 17 Minutes The Additive Cyber Risk of Additive Manufacturing: Six Steps Towards Greater Security in the Supply Chain View All Hot Topics Trump and Manufacturing The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers How Qantas Airlines is using intuitive forecasting to win its fight for survival Optimize Service Parts for Profits Why Planning for Service is a Top Priorityy Embraer Flies High with New Service Parts Strategy Cloud Evolves From Point Solution To Strategic Enabler Of The New Connected Economy  More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
MENU GO 49 Watch Live more... Watch Live News Local Nation & World Entertainment Offbeat Election Election Results KOMO Investigators Consumer Videos Auto Matters Connect to Congress Business Tech Don't Miss Tracking Terror Hooked on Heroin Podcast Eric's Heroes NewsRadio Crime Map Sinclair Cares Weather Radar Scott's Weather Blog Satellite Maps School Delays Weather FAQ Weather Cams KOMO Cams Ski Report Links Hurricane Tracker Bus Stop Benny Traffic Traffic Map Pass Reports WDYC Flight Status Survival Guide Sports Seahawks Mariners Sounders Storm Huskies College Football Tonight Scoreboard HealthWorks TV & Radio Contact KOMO News Contact KOMO Radio What's On TV What's On Radio People TV Contests & Events Radio Contests Hotlinks KOMO Radio Events KOMO Radio Community Events Listener Club Problem Solvers EQC Puzzle of the Night Question of the Day Careers Radio Contest Rules Rules Archive Content for a Cause STEM Live KOMO 4 News KOMO NewsRadio Police Scanner Refined Circa more... News Local Nation & World Entertainment Offbeat Election Election Results KOMO Investigators Consumer Videos Auto Matters Connect to Congress Business Tech Don't Miss Tracking Terror Hooked on Heroin Podcast Eric's Heroes NewsRadio Crime Map Sinclair Cares Weather Radar Scott's Weather Blog Satellite Maps School Delays Weather FAQ Weather Cams KOMO Cams Ski Report Links Hurricane Tracker Bus Stop Benny Traffic Traffic Map Pass Reports WDYC Flight Status Survival Guide Sports Seahawks Mariners Sounders Storm Huskies College Football Tonight Scoreboard HealthWorks TV & Radio Contact KOMO News Contact KOMO Radio What's On TV What's On Radio People TV Contests & Events Radio Contests Hotlinks KOMO Radio Events KOMO Radio Community Events Listener Club Problem Solvers EQC Puzzle of the Night Question of the Day Careers Radio Contest Rules Rules Archive Content for a Cause STEM Live KOMO 4 News KOMO NewsRadio Police Scanner Refined Circa Local Nation & World Entertainment Offbeat Election Election Results KOMO Investigators Consumer Videos Auto Matters Connect to Congress Business Tech Don't Miss Tracking Terror Hooked on Heroin Podcast Eric's Heroes NewsRadio Crime Map Sinclair Cares Radar Scott's Weather Blog Satellite Maps School Delays Weather FAQ Weather Cams KOMO Cams Ski Report Links Hurricane Tracker Bus Stop Benny Traffic Map Pass Reports WDYC Flight Status Survival Guide Seahawks Mariners Sounders Storm Huskies College Football Tonight Scoreboard Contact KOMO News Contact KOMO Radio What's On TV What's On Radio People TV Contests & Events Radio Contests Hotlinks KOMO Radio Events KOMO Radio Community Events Listener Club Problem Solvers EQC Puzzle of the Night Question of the Day Careers Radio Contest Rules Rules Archive Content for a Cause STEM KOMO 4 News KOMO NewsRadio Police Scanner Local Nation & World Entertainment Offbeat Election Election Results KOMO Investigators Consumer Videos Auto Matters Connect to Congress Business Tech Don't Miss Tracking Terror Hooked on Heroin Podcast Eric's Heroes NewsRadio Crime Map Sinclair Cares Radar Scott's Weather Blog Satellite Maps School Delays Weather FAQ Weather Cams KOMO Cams Ski Report Links Hurricane Tracker Bus Stop Benny Traffic Map Pass Reports WDYC Flight Status Survival Guide Seahawks Mariners Sounders Storm Huskies College Football Tonight Scoreboard Contact KOMO News Contact KOMO Radio What's On TV What's On Radio People TV Contests & Events Radio Contests Hotlinks KOMO Radio Events KOMO Radio Community Events Listener Club Problem Solvers EQC Puzzle of the Night Question of the Day Careers Radio Contest Rules Rules Archive Content for a Cause STEM KOMO 4 News KOMO NewsRadio Police Scanner Watch Live News Local Nation & World Entertainment Offbeat Election Election Results KOMO Investigators Consumer Videos Auto Matters Connect to Congress Business Tech Don't Miss Tracking Terror Hooked on Heroin Podcast Eric's Heroes NewsRadio Crime Map Sinclair Cares Weather Radar Scott's Weather Blog Satellite Maps School Delays Weather FAQ Weather Cams KOMO Cams Ski Report Links Hurricane Tracker Bus Stop Benny Traffic Traffic Map Pass Reports WDYC Flight Status Survival Guide Sports Seahawks Mariners Sounders Storm Huskies College Football Tonight Scoreboard HealthWorks TV & Radio Contact KOMO News Contact KOMO Radio What's On TV What's On Radio People TV Contests & Events Radio Contests Hotlinks KOMO Radio Events KOMO Radio Community Events Listener Club Problem Solvers EQC Puzzle of the Night Question of the Day Careers Radio Contest Rules Rules Archive Content for a Cause STEM Live KOMO 4 News KOMO NewsRadio Police Scanner Refined Circa Will S.C. Boeing workers defy South's anti-unionization history? by MEG KINNARD and EMERY P. DALESIO, Associated Press AA NORTH CHARLESTON, S.C. (AP) - Nearly 3,000 production workers at Boeing's South Carolina plant are deciding whether they want to unionize, writing the next chapter in efforts to organize labor in large manufacturing plants across the South. The first round of voting began early Wednesday. A second round was set for Wednesday afternoon to accommodate all employees. If successful, the balloting on whether employees should join the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers would send a significant message to politicians in the region and Washington that workers here want the same protections and benefits as those in other areas. And, to leaders trying to recruit businesses by promoting their states' lack of union presence, it'd make their jobs more difficult. But this most recent test of Southern acceptance of collective bargaining movements is an uphill battle for the union and its backers. The global aviation giant, which came to South Carolina in part because of the state's minuscule union presence, did so with the aid of millions of dollars in state assistance made possible by officials who spoke out frequently and glowingly with anti-union messages. "It is an economic development tool," Gov. Nikki Haley, now President Donald Trump's ambassador to the United Nations, said in a 2012 address of how she sold companies on coming to the state. "We'll make the unions understand full well that they are not needed, not wanted and not welcome in the state of South Carolina." At least that part of the tactic has worked. Only about 52,000 South Carolina workers have union representation, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics' 2016 figures. Other major manufacturers in the state, including BMW and Michelin, aren't unionized or haven't experienced major campaigns to do so. The Machinists initially petitioned for a vote at Boeing in 2015 but withdrew the request because of what the union called a toxic atmosphere and political interference. Another facet of union opposition in this heavily Republican state is political, given the longstanding relationship between organized labor and Democratic politics. Any lenience toward unions could be seen as giving Democrats a toehold here. Southern states for decades have recruited manufacturers by promising freedom from the influences of labor unions, which except for some textile mills have been historically rejected by workers as collective action culturally foreign to a South built around family farms, said Jeffrey Hirsch, a law professor who specializes in labor relations at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. A successful union vote at Boeing would have a greater regional impact than Volkswagen workers' efforts to unionize in Chattanooga, Tennessee. Anti-union advocates cited VW as an aberration since representatives of one of its key unions in Germany hold seats on the company's board of directors, Hirsch said. "Boeing is very, very different," Hirsch said. "No one will ever accuse Boeing of being pro-union." A "yes" vote could inspire others in the region to consider unions, said Daniel Cornfield, sociology professor and labor expert at Vanderbilt University. What strikes Cornfield about the Boeing case is the company's silence over consequences if its workers unionize. "The company has not been threatening to relocate its operations in the event of a unionization," he said. "It is often the case that companies try to relocate outside of the United States to find cheaper labor and avoid U.S. unions altogether." Boeing may have abstained from those threats because of its huge South Carolina plant investment and billions of dollars in federal defense contracts the company does not want to risk. Cornfield said Trump's pressure on business to keep jobs in the U.S. could be "defanging large corporations in their efforts to resist unionization ... giving workers a leg up and unions a leg up in the campaign period." The union vote also comes after Trump blasted Boeing for the cost of building a new Air Force One. "Costs are out of control," Trump tweeted in early December. "Cancel order!" Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg met with Trump two weeks later. Catherine Templeton, South Carolina's former labor director and successful anti-union lawyer, is no stranger to this fight. When Haley picked Templeton to lead South Carolina's labor department, the governor played up Templeton's union-fighting background and saying she needed her help to "fight the unions" at Boeing. "They cannot legally deliver higher wages, better benefits or a different working environment. Even if they are promising it, they certainly can't deliver it," Templeton said. On Monday, several hundred Boeing employees gathered in a hotel ballroom just a mile from the plant, hearing from activists and members of other unions urging them to vote "yes." "Suppressing working people is the old way of doing business in South Carolina," Machinists organizer Mike Evans said, to cheers. "It's not going to be this way anymore." ___ Dalesio reported from Raleigh, North Carolina. close News In Pictures Mudslide blocks major W. Seattle arterial as slide risk grows Photos: Valentine's Day sunrise pics you're sure to love Troopers looking for driver of green Saturn Vue after deadly crash in Puyallup Kate Upton unveiled as Sports Illustrated Swimsuit issue cover girl Trending 1   Woman chained in container says she was raped daily 2   Mexican immigrant 'dreamer' in Seattle sues U.S. over arrest 3   Mudslide blocks major W. Seattle arterial as slide risk grows 4   Light rail could stall with Mercer Island's plan to sue Sound Transit, WSDOT 5   Bill in State Senate would increase fine for so-called 'left lane campers' DON'T MISS OUT Stay Connected with KOMO Like Follow © 2016 Sinclair Broadcast Group TermsPrivacyFCC InfoEEO LOADING ShareTweet × Trending 1 Woman chained in container says she was raped daily 2 Mexican immigrant 'dreamer' in Seattle sues U.S. over arrest 3 Mudslide blocks major W. Seattle arterial as slide risk grows 4 Light rail could stall with Mercer Island's plan to sue Sound Transit, WSDOT 5 Bill in State Senate would increase fine for so-called 'left lane campers' 6 Troopers looking for driver of green Saturn Vue after deadly crash in Puyallup 7 More mothers using laughing gas during child birth 8 Seattle officer uses selfie to get woman her purse back 9 Wounded Mount Vernon officer is home, 'overwhelmed' by support 10 Will S.C. Boeing workers defy South's anti-unionization history?
Log In   Register Now West End Off-Broadway United States NATIONAL TOURS A-D ALABAMA - Birmingham ALASKA - Anchorage ARIZONA - Mesa ARIZONA - Phoenix ARIZONA - Tempe ARIZONA - Tucson ARKANSAS CALIFORNIA - Costa Mesa CALIFORNIA - Los Angeles CALIFORNIA - Palm Springs CALIFORNIA - Sacramento CALIFORNIA - San Diego CALIFORNIA - San Francisco CALIFORNIA - Santa Barbara CALIFORNIA - Thousand Oaks COLORADO - Denver CONNECTICUT DELAWARE E-F FLORIDA - Miami FLORIDA - Ft. Lauderdale FLORIDA - Ft. Myers/Naples FLORIDA - Jacksonville FLORIDA - Orlando FLORIDA - Palm Beach FLORIDA - St. Petersburg FLORIDA - Tallahassee FLORIDA - Tampa G-K GEORGIA - Atlanta HAWAII IDAHO - Boise ILLINOIS - Chicago INDIANA - Indianpolis INDIANA - South Bend IOWA - Des Moines KANSAS - Wichita KENTUCKY - Louisville L-M LOUISIANA - New Orleans MAINE MARYLAND - Baltimore MASSACHUSETTS - Boston MICHIGAN - Detroit MINNESOTA - Minneapolis MINNESOTA - St. Paul MISSISSIPPI - Jackson MISSOURI - Kansas City MISSOURI - St. Louis MONTANA N NEBRASKA - Omaha NEW HAMPSHIRE NEW JERSEY NEVADA - Las Vegas NEW MEXICO - Albuquerque NEW YORK - Brooklyn NEW YORK - Buffalo NEW YORK - Central NY NEW YORK - Long Island NEW YORK - Rockland NEW YORK - Westchester NORTH CAROLINA - Charlotte NORTH CAROLINA - Raleigh NORTH DAKOTA - Fargo O OHIO - Cincinnati OHIO - Cleveland OHIO - Columbus OHIO - Dayton OKLAHOMA - Oklahoma City OKLAHOMA - Tulsa OREGON - Portland P-T PENNSYLVANIA - Central PA PENNSYLVANIA - Philadelphia PENNSYLVANIA - Pittsburgh RHODE ISLAND SOUTH CAROLINA SOUTH DAKOTA - Sioux Falls TENNESSEE - Memphis TENNESSEE - Nashville TEXAS - Austin TEXAS - Dallas TEXAS - Houston TEXAS - San Antonio U-W UTAH - Salt Lake City VERMONT VIRGINIA - Richmond/Norfolk WASHINGTON - Seattle WASHINGTON, DC WEST VIRGINIA WISCONSIN - Appleton WISCONSIN - Madison WISCONSIN - Milwaukee WYOMING - Casper The World NORTH AMERICA CANADA - MONTREAL CANADA - OTTAWA CANADA - TORONTO CANADA - VANCOUVER MEXICO CUBA AUSTRALIA/NEW ZEALAND AUSTRALIA - ADELAIDE AUSTRALIA - BRISBANE AUSTRALIA - MELBOURNE AUSTRALIA - PERTH AUSTRALIA - SYDNEY NEW ZEALAND UK/EUROPE LONDON - WEST END AUSTRIA BELGIUM FINLAND FRANCE GERMANY HUNGARY IRELAND ITALY LUXEMBOURG MONACO NETHERLANDS NORWAY POLAND PRAGUE SCOTLAND SPAIN SWEDEN SWITZERLAND SOUTH AMERICA ARGENTINA BRAZIL COLOMBIA VENEZUELA ASIA CHINA INDIA INDONESIA JAPAN MALAYSIA PHILIPPINES SINGAPORE SOUTH KOREA AFRICA/MIDDLE EAST ISRAEL RUSSIA SOUTH AFRICA TURKEY Entertainment TV/MOVIES CABARET MUSIC BOOKS CLASSICAL MUSIC DANCE OPERA Show Menu Sections Latest News BWW Database CDs/Books/DVDs Grosses - Updated 2/12 Interviews Photos Podcasts Reviews Tony Awards Shows Broadway Shows Broadway Musicals Broadway Plays Off-Broadway Cabarets/Concerts Search by Zip Code Stage to Screen Tours West End Hot Discounts Atlantic Acting Spring Classes If I Forget Save 40% Follow BWW! Don't Miss Out! War Paint Tix on Sale View More Discounts Chat Boards Broadway West End Off-Topic Students Jobs Equity Non Equity Classifieds Students BWW Junior College Center Elementary Center High School Center Student Blogs Video BroadwayWorld TV Broadway Show Previews Backstage w/ Richie Ridge Chewing the Scenery with Randy Rainbow Stage Tube Red Carpets Opening Nights Press Previews VIDEO: Christine Baranski Explains What's Keeping Her from Return to Broadway by TV News Desk BroadwayWorld.com Feb. 15, 2017   Tweet Share      On last night's LATE SHOW, Tony winner Christine Baranski joined Stephen to illustrate what happens when a Congressman skips Valentine's Day breakfast with his wife. Later, the Tony winner recalls starring in COMPANY and reveals that the thing that was most terrifying was Stephen Sondheim himself and "that ensemble stuff." Watch the clips below! Christine Baranski appeared on Broadway most recently in 2008's BOEING-BOEING. Her other Broadway credits include NICK & NORA, THE HOUSE OF BLUE LEAVES, HURLYBURLY, THE REAL THING and HIDE AND SEEK. Stephen Colbert brings his signature satire and comedy to THE LATE SHOW with STEPHEN COLBERT, where he talks with an eclectic mix of guests about what is new and relevant in the worlds of politics, entertainment, business, music, technology and more. Featuring bandleader Jon Batiste and his band Stay Human, the show is broadcast from the historic and newly renovated Ed Sullivan Theater. Stephen Colbert took over as host, executive producer and writer of THE LATE SHOW on September 8, 2015. A multi-talented and respected host, writer, producer, satirist and comedian, Colbert is well-known for his previous late night show, "The Colbert Report," which concluded on Friday, Dec. 18, 2014. The program received wide-spread critical acclaim and earned two Peabody Awards and 29 Emmy Award nominations, including two Emmy wins for Outstanding Variety Series (2013, 2014) and four Emmy wins for Outstanding Writing for a Variety, Music or Comedy Program (2008, 2010, 2013, 2014). Prior to that, Colbert spent eight years as a correspondent on Comedy Central's "The Daily Show" as an on-air personality and writer of news satire for the Emmy and Peabody Award-winning series. Click Here to Play! Related Articles From This Author TV News Desk THE STATE OF CITY HALL Live Taping Set for Kavarna Coffeehouse TLC Reveals New Celebrity Contributors for WHO DO YOU THINK YOU ARE? Figure Skating Championships Coverage From South Korea Begins Tomorrow at Noon ET with the Short Dance on NBCSN THIS IS US Ranks #3 Among Big 4 Telecasts for the Primetime Week 2/6 Four-Part Adaptation of HOWARDS END Coming to TV from Playwright Kenneth Lonergan Spy Series BERLIN STATION Season One Debuts on Digital HD 2/21 Hot Stories THE PRINCE OF EGYPT Will Take World Premiere Bow in Bay Area, then Play Denmark New: Turn Your Database Listing Into Your Own Personal Website What's the Most Romantic Broadway Love Song? 1000+ Make Their Picks! BEAUTY & THE BEAST: Josh Groban Sings 'Evermore' + Josh Gad & Luke Evans Perform 'Gaston' 'GREAT COMET' to Welcome HAMILTON Star This Summer Sexy Shots of Damiano, Rousouli & More in CRUEL INTENTIONS in NYC Morning Brief Feb. 16th, 2017 - Broderick Back Onstage & THE PRICE! BroadwayWorld TV Back to the Banner- Jeremy Jordan Can't Wait to Revisit the NEWSIES Role That Started It All The Heat Is Back On! Meet the Company of MISS SAIGON 'GREAT COMET' to Welcome HAMILTON Star This Summer IN TRANSIT Sings the National Anthem Christine Baranski Explains What's Keeping Her from Return to Broadway Idina Menzel Stars In LATE SHOW's Summer Blockbuster Andrew Rannells Performs at Surprise Proposal That Goes Very Wrong! Phillipa Soo and Chris Jackson Sing Cut Song from Disney's MOANA Annaleigh Ashford Talks 'SUNDAY IN THE PARK' & More Mandy Gonzalez Mashes Up IN THE HEIGHTS and MOANA Ticket Central Browse All Shows WAR PAINT IF I FORGET 54 BELOW ATLANTIC ACTING Watch Now on BWW TV More Subscribe Now Register now for discounts, specials & more! E-mail address Recommended for You Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Tumblr Apps BWW Sister Sites TV/MOVIES MUSIC BOOKS CLASSICAL MUSIC DANCE OPERA BWW Hub BEAUTY & THE BEAST: Josh Groban Sings 'Evermore' + Josh Gad & Luke Evans Perform 'Gaston' VIDEO: Jeremy Jordan Talks Return to NEWSIES on Today 'Live' Advertising Info Contact Us Join the Team Submit News Privacy Policy Report Error © 2017 Wisdom Digital Media Before you go... BroadwayWorld.com Close me!
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Subscribe Manage My Account Advertise PB Inner Circle Sign up for Morning Mail e-Edition Today's Sales Inserts About Us Contact Us Submission Forms Log In News Local News Columns Minnesota Nation World History Special report: ‘Fight for the Union’ Webcams Submit a News Tip Sports High School Sports Local Sports P-B Playbook Minnesota Sports National Sports Outdoors Life Lifestyles Food Wellness Travel Entertainment Celebrations Kid Scoop Opinion Our Views Letters Columnists Cartoons Obituaries Death Notices Submit Information Events Live RochMN 507 Magazine Rochester Magazine Radish Magazine At Home Magazine Business Directory AgriNews Blogs Furst Draft Kiger's Notebook Political Party Jobs Find a job Post a job Recruitment Advertising Buy & Sell Classifieds Autos Homes Sales & Specials Deals 25° Clear Toggle navigation Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Manage My Account Advertise PB Inner Circle Sign up for Morning Mail e-Edition Today's Sales Inserts About Us Contact Us Submission Forms Log In News Local News Crime and Courts Education Business Politics Elections Destination Medical Center Columns Answer Man Heard on the Street Minnesota Nation World History Special report: ‘Fight for the Union’ Webcams Submit a News Tip Sports High School Sports Century Panthers John Marshall Rockets Lourdes Eagles Mayo Spartans Local Sports P-B Playbook Minnesota Sports National Sports Outdoors Life Lifestyles Food Wellness Travel Entertainment 507 Magazine Sudoku TV listings Total TV Celebrations Kid Scoop Opinion Our Views Letters Submit a Letter Commentary Guidelines Columnists Cartoons Obituaries Death Notices Submit Information Events Live RochMN 507 Magazine Rochester Magazine Radish Magazine At Home Magazine Business Directory AgriNews Blogs Furst Draft Kiger's Notebook Political Party Jobs Find a job Post a job Recruitment Advertising Buy & Sell Classifieds Marketplace Community Housing Personals Sale Service Vehicle Place your ad Autos Homes Brokers Builders Agents Open Houses Real Estate Classifieds Advertise Sales & Specials HyVee Deals 25° Rochester, MN (55903) Today Intervals of clouds and sunshine in the morning with more clouds for later in the day. High 41F. Winds SSE at 10 to 20 mph.. Tonight A few clouds from time to time. Low 32F. Winds SSW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: February 16, 2017 @ 12:54 am Full Forecast top right promo - flex2 Home News Nation AP The Latest: Morning round wraps up in Boeing union vote 16 hrs ago (…) NORTH CHARLESTON, S.C. (AP) — The Latest on the vote by employees of Boeing's plant in North Charleston on whether to join a union (all times local): 9:30 a.m. The morning round of voting has concluded among South Carolina Boeing workers considering if they want representation by a union. The first of two voting shifts wrapped up around midmorning at the aviation giant's North Charleston facilities. Nearly 3,000 production workers are eligible to vote in the election to determine if they'll be represented by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. The union initially petitioned for a vote in 2015 but called off that election because of what the union called a toxic atmosphere and political interference. Machinists spokesman Jonathan Battaglia says the union feels Boeing workers are "ready to make history" with the vote. Boeing came to South Carolina in part because of the state's minuscule union presence. Labor experts say a "yes" vote would have repercussions throughout the South, potentially inspiring other workers to think about unionizing. ___ 6:45 a.m. Voting is underway as thousands of workers at Boeing's South Carolina plant decide if they want to unionize. Polling places opened early Wednesday morning throughout the aviation giant's sprawling facility in North Charleston. A second wave of voting takes place this afternoon. Nearly 3,000 production workers are eligible to vote in the election to determine if they'll be represented by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. The union initially petitioned for a vote in 2015 but called off that election because of what the union called a toxic atmosphere and political interference. The global aviation giant came to South Carolina in part because of the state's minuscule union presence. Labor experts say a "yes" vote would have repercussions throughout the South, potentially inspiring other workers to think about unionizing. ___ 4:10 a.m. Nearly 3,000 production workers at Boeing's South Carolina plant are deciding if they want to unionize, writing the next chapter in efforts to organize labor in large manufacturing plants across the South. If successful, Wednesday's balloting on whether employees should join the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers would send a significant message to politicians both in the region and Washington that workers here are demanding the same protections and benefits as their colleagues in other areas. And, to the leaders trying to recruit businesses by promoting their states' lack of union presence, it'd make their jobs more difficult. Labor experts say a "yes" vote would have repercussions throughout the South, potentially inspiring other workers to think about unionizing. Flex2 - Morning Mail - Horizontal for Articles Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags Business General News Labor Unions Labor Issues Social Issues Social Affairs Locations Charleston South Carolina United States North America More Headlines Walz issues statement Appeals court refuses to reinstate Trump travel ban Should Minnesota legalize marijuana for recreational use? VP breaks tie, DeVos confirmed Multimedia Photos: RCTC, Riverland Men's Basketball Photos: Mayo, Mankato East/Loyola boys hockey Photos: Lourdes, Austin boys hockey Photos: Kingdom Kids Preschool Carnival FUNraiser What do you think? Event Calendar Submit an Event View All Events top right promo - flex2 What do you think? Most Viewed Articles Collections Articles Former Lake City doctor sues Mayo Superintendent's welcoming statement questioned Answer Man: Rumors flow on ICE activity Wabasha man in custody after standoff Next four Hall of Fame inductees are announced Red Wing second in Small Business Revolution voting Star Ocean Buffet to start cooking this week Reuters - Gander Mountain prepping to file for bankruptcy Answer Man: New tower promises hundreds of jobs Hotel scraped off site to make way for new one Collections Photos: Demolition begins on the former Clarion Inn building Photos: Father/Daughter Valentine Dance at RAC Photos: Polar Plunge for Special Olympics Photos: Skijouring in Zumbrota Photos: Winterfest 2017 Slideshow: Rochester Magazine's Best Restaurants 2017 Photos: Cy Kubista reunites with his custom-built hot rod Photos: Pro-life and pro-choice supporters rally Photos: John Marshall, Mayo boys hockey Week in Photos: 2-11-17 Today's Paper PostBulletin.com FEATURED ADS Shop Speical at HyVee Featured Businesses Winchester Apartments 507-288-6559 News Sports Life Opinion Multimedia Obituaries Blogs Weather RochesterMN AgriNews Log In Services About Us Contact Us Careers Advertise Subscription Services Purchase Photo Reprints Submission Forms Contact us PostBulletin.com 18 First Ave. S.E. Rochester, MN 55903 Phone: 800-562-1758 or 507-285-7600 Email: webmaster@postbulletin.com © Copyright 2017 Post-Bulletin Company, LLC, 18 First Ave. S.E. Rochester, MN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out12:25 GMT +316 February 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search BREAKING: Clashes Between Syrian Army, Moderate Rebels Fully Stopped - Russian Defense Minister How the New Il-96-400M Airliner Can Help Revive Russia's Civil Aviation Industry © Photo: Dmitry Terekhov Business 18:17 15.02.2017(updated 20:41 15.02.2017) Get short URL 92929391 Cooperation between the United Aircraft Corporation, the Ministry of Industry and the Ministry of Defense has led to the creation of a new, 'deeply modernized' variant of the Il-96-400 wide-body passenger jetliner – the Il-96-400M. Aviation expert Yuri Sytnik explains how production of the aircraft will help revive Russia's civil aviation industry. On Tuesday, Russian business newspaper Kommersant reported, citing a source familiar with the situation, that the new version of the Ilyushin Il-96, presently under development, is designed to replace foreign-leased long-haul wide-body passenger aircraft whose service life is nearing its end. Next week, the responsible ministries are expected to draw up a timetable for the withdrawal of these foreign aircraft from Russia's airlines, and their substitution with the new Ilyushin. The decision to revive production of the Il-96, an advanced, long-range version of the Soviet-era Ilyushin Il-86 wide-body airliner, was made in May 2016. At that time, Industry and Trade Minister Denis Manturov said that the government will be committing about 50 billion rubles to the program. © Sputnik/ Dmitriy Petrochenko Plan B: Russian Defense Ministry Considers Major Overhaul of Its Airliner FleetThe Il-96, developed in the twilight of the Soviet Union by the Ilyushin Design Bureau and built by the Voronezh Aircraft Plant, made its debut test flight in September 1988, and was rolled out for service with Russian state carrier Aeroflot in late 1992.  However, due to the economic crisis facing Russia and the rest of the former Soviet Union throughout the 1990s, only 30 units of the prospective aircraft were ever built. Today, Aeroflot is believed to have between 8-10 Il-96s in their inventory. However, according to aviation expert and former Vnukovo Airlines flight director Yuri Sytnik, these planes have all been decommissioned after putting on 55,000 flight hours. © Flickr/ Alexander Babashov An Aeroflot Il-96-300 landing at Moscow's Sheremetyevo Airport. File photo. © Wikipedia/ Alexey Demin Sukhoi Ascendant: High-Ranking Russian Officials Switch to SuperjetIn the 1990s, Russia's massive civilian aviation industry, once one of the largest in the world, was brought to the brink of collapse. In the interim, citing safety, engine noise regulations, and high fuel costs, Russian airlines began purchasing foreign aircraft, particularly from Airbus and Boeing. By the early 2010s, foreign planes accounted for two thirds or more of many airlines' fleets, particularly in the long-haul segment. However, in the mid-2010s, after the downturn in relations with Western countries in 2014 over the crisis in Ukraine, the Russian government started paying greater attention to the domestic commercial passenger aircraft industry, devoting energy and resources to encourage development, production and sales of modern aircraft at home, and promoting them abroad. Speaking to RIA Novosti about the prospects of the new Il-96-400M, Sytnik noted that "if the Il-96 did get an upgrade, what we would get is a model quite comparable to some Boeing and Airbus planes."  © Sputnik/ Alexander Polyakov The long range Il-96-400 jet airliner, designed by the Ilyushin experimental design office. Of course, he added, for a design from the late 1980s to really compete against modern foreign designs, nearly everything would be subject to upgrade or replacement, including parts of the fuselage. With the Il-96 effectively becoming a fundamentally new plane, all that would be left from the original design is the conceptual design. © Photo: vaso.ru Russia Developing 'Transformer' Flying TankerRIA Novosti recalled that the main problem of the original Il-96, like many other Russian civilian passenger aircraft, was high fuel consumption. If the comparable Boeing or Airbus burn an average of about 17.5 grams of fuel per passenger kilometer, their Russian counterparts consume significantly more, from 21-28 grams. However, this problem is on the brink of being solved. Russia's newest generation of aircraft engines feature reduced fuel consumption, and others, with fuel use of as little as 15.5 grams of fuel per passenger kilometer, are under development. Last summer, during a visit to the Voronezh Aircraft Plant, Deputy Prime Minister Dmitri Rogozin said that Russian engineers had effectively resolved the fuel consumption issue with the new-generation PD-14 turbofan engine. The PD-14 and its variants have already found demand in the domestic civil aviation sector, and can be mounted aboard the Il-96-300, the Tupolev-214, and the MC-21 in its 200, 300 and 400 variants. Rogozin stressed that the new engine would help guarantee Russian passenger liners' competitiveness with Boeing and Airbus, decreasing not only fuel costs, but maintenance costs as well. © Sputnik/ Mikhail Voskresenskiy Visitors at the PD-14 aircraft engine displayed by the United Engine Corporation at the MAKS-2015 air show in Zhukovsky in the Moscow Region Sytnik noted that in terms of avionics technology too, Russian technology has demonstrated its capabilities, including aboard planes such as the Tu-160 supersonic strategic bomber, the Sukhoi Superject 100 twin-engine regional jet liner, and the Irkut MC-21, a short and medium-range airliner.  Furthermore, he noted the new Il-96 variant may be fitted with embedded ladders underneath the plane, as with its predecessor, the Il-86. This, Sytnik noted, would significantly reduce loading and unloading time, and save on expenses for ramps at airports. © Sputnik/ Ilya Bogachev First Flight of Russia’s Il-112V Transport Jet to Be Carried Out Until July 1Ultimately, the aviation expert noted that reviving the IL-96 will necessitate making significant changes to the design, but would still be better and more cost-effective than trying to create a totally new plane. It would also be quicker, taking a maximum of five years to create, compared with the ten years necessary for a new plane. The revival will also have positive knock-on effects, the expert said. "Passengers will pay airfare and fly onboard our aircraft, and we will not pay to lease foreign planes, each of which costs between $60 and $120 million dollars," Sytnik noted. If the new Il-96 replaces even a portion of the foreign planes, this is money that will remain in Russia. © Sputnik/ Sergey Mamontov Russian Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin, left, and Governor of the Voronezh Region Alexei Gordeyev visit the VASO Voronezh Aircraft Plant Part of that money will then go to the manufacturer for the purchase of new equipment and machine tools. Furthermore, "in the process of the modernization of the Il-96, we will receive a crop of well-trained workers; in this way, in 10-15 years it will be possible to build a new, contemporary aircraft," the expert concluded.  In 1990, the Soviet Union produced nearly 30 percent of the world's civilian airliners. After the country's collapse, Russia's production, which contributed a significant portion of the Soviet figure, fell to the low-single digits. Over the last few years, Russia has come out swinging with several promising new aircraft designs to help correct this imbalance. Once it begins taking to the skies among Russia's civil commercial carriers, the Il-96-400M will help make these hopes and expectations into reality. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 391 Related: Plan B: Russian Defense Ministry Considers Major Overhaul of Its Airliner Fleet Russia Developing 'Transformer' Flying Tanker Sukhoi Ascendant: High-Ranking Russian Officials Switch to Superjet Rising Like a Phoenix: New Russian Airliner Engine Competes With Boeing, Airbus Russian Military Gets Customized Il-96-400 'Doomsday Plane' First Flight of Russia’s Il-112V Transport Jet to Be Carried Out Until July 1 Year in Review: Trend-Setting Year for Russia’s Aircraft Manufacturing Tags: aviation industry, Il-96-400, Il-96, Ilyushin, Russia TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 12:08Cyprus Encourages Russia to Participate in Cypriot Energy Market – Ambassador 12:04Cyprus Relies on EU Protection Amid Turkey's Military Threat - Ambassador 11:53Cyprus to Discuss Brexit Impact on Economy With UK - Ambassador 11:50Clashes Between Syrian Gov't and Moderate Opposition Forces Ended - Shoigu 11:46Assad Resolutely Opposes Amnesty International Observers' Visit to SyriaAll news Remains of a 'Giant' Discovered Alongside Ancient Treasure Trove in Iran 21228 ‘He Will Die in Jail’ – Intelligence Apparatus Admits ‘Going Nuclear’ on Trump 18795 #LockHerUp: Hillary Clinton Gradually Losing Veneer of Being 'Too Big to Jail' 16932 'A Very Serious Military Mission': Why NATO Warships 'Escorted' Russia's Carrier 11431 China Reveals Launch Date of New Aircraft Carriers 9395All news Trump Expects Russia to 'Return Crimea' to Ukraine - White House 139 ‘He Will Die in Jail’ – Intelligence Apparatus Admits ‘Going Nuclear’ on Trump 89 'Russia Does Not Return Its Territories' - Moscow on WH Statement on Crimea 41 US Asking Russia to Return Crimea is Like Moscow Asking US to Return California 40 Revenge of Neocons? Who Will Replace Michael Flynn and What It Tells Us 36All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics 'Red Army' for Kids: Chinese Primary School Teaches Students Patriotism Let My Crimea Go! How the EU Has Changed News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Redkite wide-area sensor takes first flight with Insitu Integrator Wide-area motion imagery system now small enough to fit payload bay of tactical UAS Integrator Launch with Redkite Wide-Area Motion Imagery Sensor Bay (Photo: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Integrator Launch with Redkite Wide-Area Motion Imagery Sensor Bay (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail February 15, 2017 08:00 AM Eastern Standard Time FAIRFAX, Va.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Logos Technologies and Insitu, a subsidiary of The Boeing Company, are proud to announce the successful initial flight test of the Redkite wide-area sensor aboard the Integrator small tactical unmanned aircraft. Conducted early this month in Boardman, Ore., the test marks the first time a wide-area motion imagery (WAMI) system has been carried in the internal payload bay of a small UAS. “In the past, we’ve mounted podded versions of our lightweight WAMI systems to rotary- and fixed-wing aircraft,” says John Marion, president of Logos Technologies. “Now, thanks to further reductions in weight, we can easily fit a Redkite inside a tactical unmanned platform, as demonstrated with our recent flights on the Insitu Integrator.” Despite its compact form, Redkite can image a city-sized area (over 12 square kilometers) all at once—detecting, tracking and recording all significant movers within the scene. It also stores up to eight hours of this geo-tagged mission data on onboard solid state drives (SSDs). While the WAMI sensor is flying, multiple users on the ground can select real-time and/or historical video feeds within its expansive coverage area and view them on desktop screens, tablets and other mobile devices. Redkite can transmit up to 10 unique views to hundreds of users at one time. “Insitu is pleased to collaborate with Logos to provide yet another way for our customers to get the critical information they need,” said Pete Kunz, chief technology officer for Insitu. “Integrator with Redkite enables an even broader set of missions to aid the warfighter in a complex operational environment.” In addition, the new sensor weight (under 30lbs) means that Redkite can potentially be integrated with even smaller unmanned aircraft in the future, notes Marion. Logos Technologies will be unveiling a full-size model of the new internal payload version of Redkite at the International Defence Exhibition and Conference (IDEX) 2017, held February 19-23 in Abu Dhabi, in the United Arab Emirates. For more information on Logos Technologies and its WAMI solutions, please visit Stand 03-B29 at the Abu Dhabi National Exposition Centre. About Logos Technologies Founded in 1996, Logos Technologies LLC is a diversified science, engineering and technology company specializing in the fields of advanced sensors, wide-area motion imagery, advanced analytics and processing of large, multisource datasets. Logos serves government customers, including the Department of Defense, Intelligence Community and Department of Homeland Security, as well as a range of customers in commercial and international markets. Learn more at www.logos-technologies.com. Contacts Logos Technologies Susan Kerin, +1 703-237-6550 Director of Communications skerin@logos-technologies.com Release Summary Logos Technologies' Redkite wide-area sensor takes first flight with Insitu Integrator. The wide-area motion imagery system is now small enough to fit in the bay of the tactical UAS. #Hashtags #airborne #UAS #IDEX #defence #defense #Insitu2017 #UAV #sensor Social Media Profiles Logos Technologies on Facebook Logos Technologies on Twitter Logos Technologies on LinkedIn Contacts Logos Technologies Susan Kerin, +1 703-237-6550 Director of Communications skerin@logos-technologies.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
WHBQ Memphis LIVE http://www.fox13memphis.com/cmg-main-theme/css WHBQ Memphis SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your whbq profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 7249941 Home 7249947 Weather FOX13 Radar 7 Day Forecast Hour by Hour Video Forecast Accuweather FOX13 Weather App 7249989 News Black History Month Politics News Videos Zika Virus Recalls 230989619 Family Focus Speaker Request Partners Resources Calendar Request Initiatives 7250109 Traffic 8435464 Investigates Crime/Most Wanted Submit a tip Missing Children 7250151 Sports Super Bowl Memphis Tigers Memphis Grizzlies Tennessee Titans High School Football 7250313 Video FOX13 Video Forecast 7250361 Watch Live News and Replay Live Breaking News 7250265 About Us FOX13 News Staff Contests What's on FOX13 Get Social Cox Careers Advertise with FOX13 Contact Us Newsletters Sign Up More AP Top Business News at 11:30 p.m. EST Updated: Feb 14, 2017 - 11:00 PM Twtter Boeing workers maintain South's anti-unionization history Yellen defends Fed independence, banking regulations Puzder withdraws nomination to be Trump's labor secretary Trump's budget pick clears initial Senate hurdle Asian stocks mixed on upbeat US data, rate hike expectations Gene editing patent ruling sways fortune of biotech hopefuls Seoul court begins to deliberate Samsung chief's arrest PepsiCo sees growth from "guilt-free" items like Baked Lay's Under Armour CEO responds to criticism of Trump praise Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Twtter AP Top Business News at 11:30 p.m. EST AP Top Entertainment News at 1:50 a.m. EST AP Top News at 4:13 a.m. EST AP Top International News at 4:13 a.m. EST AP Top Sports News at 2:49 a.m. EST News Local News National/World News Video Traffic FOX13 Weather Weather Download the FOX13 Weather App Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About FOX13 What's on FOX13 FCC EEO Report FOX13 Public File © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad BC-AP News Digest 6 pm By Associated Press Published: 18:03 EST, 15 February 2017 | Updated: 18:03 EST, 15 February 2017 e-mail Here are the AP's latest coverage plans, top stories and promotable content. All times EST. ADDS: TRUMP-LABOR SECRETARY; TILLERSON-EUROPE; HATE GROUPS; MISSING TEENS-INDIANA; OIL PIPELINE-CAMP CLEANUP; MINNESOTA LEGISLATURE-POLICE SHOOTINGS; EX-CONVICT TURNS LAWYER. ---------------- President Donald Trump and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu arrive for a joint news conference in the East Room of the White House in Washington, Wednesday, Feb. 15, 2017. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci) TOP STORIES ---------------- TRUMP-LABOR SECRETARY -President Donald Trump's nominee for labor secretary abruptly withdraws his nomination after Senate Republicans balk at supporting him. By Laurie Kellman. SENT: 500 words, photo. UNITED STATES-ISRAEL - Charting a striking new course for the Middle East, President Donald Trump withholds clear support for an independent Palestine and declares he could endorse a one-nation solution to the long and deep dispute between Palestinians and Israelis. By Vivian Salama. SENT: 990 words, photos, video. With ISRAEL-PALESTINIANS-ALTERNATIVES-ANALYSIS - Few alternatives to Palestinian state (sent). TRUMP-WHITE HOUSE TURMOIL - Donald Trump's White House is nearly paralyzed by crisis, divisions and dysfunction. Policy announcements have slowed to a crawl, and aides are undercutting each other in leaks. By Jonathan Lemire. UPCOMING: 1,120 words by 6:30 p.m., photos. UNITED STATES-NATO - In an ultimatum to America's allies, Defense Secretary Jim Mattis tells fellow NATO members to increase military spending by year's end or risk seeing the U.S. curtail its defense support. By Lolita C. Baldor. SENT: 850 words, photos. With UNITED STATES-NATO-GLANCE - Country-by-country NATO defense spending (sent). ICE-DREAMER ARREST - Immigrant rights groups are calling for federal authorities to release a Seattle-area man who was brought to the U.S. illegally as a child but was protected from deportation under a policy by President Barack Obama. By Gene Johnson. SENT: 700 words, photos. With ICE-DREAMER ARREST-THE LATEST. ADHD-BRAINS, HFR - Children with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder have several brain regions that are slightly smaller than usual, more evidence that the disorder should be considered a neurological condition, a new study says. By Medical Writer Maria Cheng. UPCOMING: 450 words at 6:30 p.m., photo. HOLD FOR RELEASE AT 6:30 P.M. -------------------------------------- WHAT WE'RE TALKING ABOUT -------------------------------------- TRUMP-AUTISM-FACT CHECK - Trump's iffy grasp of autism research. SENT: 490 words, photo. TRUMP-SPELLING - The mangled spellings that were a staple of Trump's presidential campaign are flourishing in the White House. SENT: 880 words, photo. DAY WITHOUT IMMIGRANTS - Immigrant workers, families to protest by staying home. SENT: 360 words, photo. AMERICAN GIRL-BOY DOLL - American Girl to sell its first-ever boy doll. SENT: 140 words. RUDE SURGEONS - Surgeons who are rude to patients and others may pose a problem in the operating room. SENT: 520 words, photo. -------------------------------- WASHINGTON & POLITICS -------------------------------- FBI-COMEY - Democrats contend the FBI's public disclosures about Hillary Clinton's emails and its tight-lipped probe of potential contacts between President Donald Trump's aides and Russians show a double standard. SENT: 850 words, photos. With TRUMP-FLYNN - Trump blames the media and intelligence officials for Michael Flynn's ouster; FLYNN-SECURITY CLEARANCE - The Defense Intelligence Agency suspends Flynn's access to classified information; FLYNN-INVESTIGATIONS-GLANCE - A look at the different ways the government could investigate Flynn's conduct (all sent). TILLERSON-EUROPE - On his first overseas trip as America's top diplomat, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson faces a blizzard of questions about the Trump administration's foreign policy from nervous Asian and European allies. By Diplomatic Writer Matthew Lee. SENT: 570 words, photo. HATE GROUPS - The number of anti-Muslim hate groups in the United States has nearly tripled since 2015, the Southern Poverty Law Center says in a new report. SENT: 460 words, photo. ------------ NATIONAL ------------ DAMAGE DAM-SAFETY - Six months before rushing water ripped a huge hole in a channel that drains a Northern California reservoir, state inspectors said the concrete spillway was sound. SENT: 620 words, photos, video. With DAMAGED DAM-THE LATEST; DAMAGE DAM-SAFETY - Cracks may offer clues to California dam's troubles (sent). MISSING TEENS-INDIANA - Two bodies found along a northern Indiana stream are those of two 13-year-old girls who went missing Monday and their deaths are being investigated as homicides, authorities say. SENT: 510 words, photos, video. UPCOMING: Developing. OIL PIPELINE-CAMP CLEANUP - The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers plans to hire a contractor to accelerate cleanup efforts at a camp in southern North Dakota that has housed hundreds and sometimes thousands of Dakota Access pipeline opponents. SENT: 430 words, photos. With CONGRESS-OIL PIPELINE - Pipeline exec compares Dakota protesters to terrorists (sent). MINNESOTA LEGISLATURE-POLICE SHOOTINGS - Minnesota lawmakers are moving to require diversity training for law enforcement officers following high-profile fatal shootings of black men by police in the state. SENT: 670 words. EX-CONVICT TURNS LAWYER - A man who spent nine years in prison for a sexual assault before being cleared is now a lawyer - and he's trying to clear another person he claims has been wrongfully convicted of sexual assault. SENT: 880 words, photos, video. -------------------- INTERNATIONAL -------------------- MALAYSIA-NORTH KOREA - Malaysian police arrest a woman in connection with the death of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un's half brother. SENT: 1,000 words, photos. With NKOREA-KIM'S BROTHER-WHY NOW? - Did a South Korean news report doom Kim Jong Un's brother? POISONING ATTEMPTS-GLANCE - A look at assassination attempts involving chemicals (both sent). RUSSIA-TRUMP-POPULARITY - As questions over the Trump administration's contacts with Russia roil U.S. politics, the Kremlin is carefully weighing what it says to avoid jeopardizing a chance for better relations between Moscow and Washington. SENT: 1,070 words, photos. JORDAN-SYRIA - The head of Jordan's border guard says armed Islamic State extremists are setting up more cells in a sprawling camp for tens of thousands of Syrian refugees on the Jordanian border, posing a growing danger to the pro-Western kingdom. SENT: 810 words, photos. ------------ BUSINESS ------------ ON THE MONEY-ART OF THE CAR DEAL - If you do your homework, now is the time to practically steal a new sedan from your car dealer. By Auto Writer Tom Krisher. SENT: 840 words, photos. ------------ HEALTH/SCIENCE/TECHNOLOGY ------------ YAHOO-CYBERSECURITY - Yahoo is warning users of potentially malicious activity on their accounts between 2015 and 2016. It's the latest development in the internet company's investigation of a mega-breach that exposed 1 billion users' data several years ago. By Cybersecurity Writer Raphael Satter. SENT: 330 words, photo. ------------ ENTERTAINMENT/ARTS ------------ TRUMP-MEDIA - President Donald Trump steps up his attacks on the "fake media" but the media is fighting back, objecting to a presidential news conference that avoids tough questions and, in the case of one MSNBC program, banning presidential aide Kellyanne Conway from the air. By Television Writer David Bauder. SENT: 890 words, photos. ------------ SPORTS ------------ BBN--CUBS BEGIN - Joe Maddon's Chicago Cubs take the field at spring training for their first pitchers and catchers workout as defending World Series champions. By Baseball Writer Janie McCauley. UPCOMING: 600 words by 7 p.m., photos. ------------------------- HOW TO REACH US ------------------------- At the Nerve Center, Mike Stewart can be reached at 800-845-8450 (ext. 1600). For photos, Alyssa Goodman (ext. 1900). For graphics and interactives, Phil Holm (ext. 7636). Expanded AP content can be obtained from http://www.apexchange.com. For access to AP Exchange and other technical issues, contact apcustomersupport@ap.org or call 877-836-9477. French conservative presidential candidate Francois Fillon, center, arrives in Compiegne, north of Paris, for a meeting on security matters, Wednesday, Feb. 15, 2017. Fillon's campaign has been flailing since weekly newspaper Le Canard Enchaine revealed that his wife and children were paid public funds for allegedly fake jobs as his parliamentary aides. (AP Photo/Michel Euler) A doctor holds his stethoscope in the air as he and other medical staff protest the detention of their union leaders, outside an appeal court in Nairobi, Kenya, Wednesday, Feb. 15, 2017. A Kenyan court has released seven doctors who are officials in the medics' union and who were jailed earlier this week for not calling off a strike by doctors working in public institutions. (AP Photo/Ben Curtis) Faithful use their phones to take pictures and videos of Pope Francis upon his arrival in the Paul VI hall on the occasion of the weekly general audience at the Vatican, Wednesday, Feb. 15, 2017. (AP Photo/Gregorio Borgia) NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg, front left, and U.S. Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis, front left, stand with other NATO defense ministers during a group photo at NATO headquarters in Brussels on Wednesday, Feb. 15, 2017. For U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, the next few days will be a reassurance tour with a twist. He is expected to tell allies the U.S. is committed to NATO and is also hoping to secure bigger defense spending commitments. (AP Photo/Virginia Mayo) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Squeaky clean Holly Willoughby suffers wardrobe malfunction as she unwittingly slips out of flimsy top in throwback clip to kids' TV days 'So proud of my baby!' Kim Kardashian heaps praise on Kanye West as they head out after his 'amazing' New York Fashion Week show 'I don't feel myself at the moment': Miranda Hart 'hints mystery illness forced her to pull out of Call The Midwife'... months after citing busy schedule as her reason 'A man can try': Jamie O'Hara admits he IS trying to win back his model ex on Dubai break... and reveals the real reason he dumped Bianca Gascoigne 'She's a golddigger': Ferne McCann is slammed for 'forgetting her purse' and not offering to pay while romancing on Celebs Go Dating Still strutting! Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid walk in their third NYFW show in one day as they join Taylor Hill on the Ralph Lauren catwalk  They believe in Yeezy! Kylie Jenner wraps up as she takes Tyga to Kanye West's NYFW show Pier 59 Studios played host  Lady Gaga 'gave her engagement ring back to Taylor Kinney' before going public with new beau Christian Carino Broke up in July Tara Palmer-Tomkinson NEVER had a brain tumour despite claiming she was ill her sister reveals as friends say the It Girl made it up 'as a cry for help' 'I'm SO embarrassed': Atomic Kitten's Michelle Heaton is left red-faced when Lorraine Kelly grills her on being sick out of a taxi while on Australian tour 'He's on his way!' Kirk Norcross gets some rest as his mystery girlfriend goes into labour... amid row with ex over access to his baby daughter CBB's Bianca Gascoigne slams ex-boyfriend CJ Meeks after he was spotted on a date with lookalike blonde model 'You make me and mum smile every single day': Dan Osborne shares sweet posts of daughter Ella with Jacqueline Jossa as their toddler turns two Crisis on the cobbles! Coronation Street bosses 'at loggerheads over disturbing child grooming storyline'... as viewers express their 'discomfort' George Clooney, 55, is 'excited but nervous' about having twins with wife Amal Clooney, 39  Like any first-time parent, actor is understandably anxious  'Those sleepless nights!': Matt Damon jokes about George Clooney's delayed start and becoming an old dad at 55 Mariah Carey makes triumphant return to real-time TV on Jimmy Kimmel Live after NYE Times Square debacle  Passionate performance on live TV Date night! Mariah Carey and Bryan Tanaka grab sushi before heading to Lakers game... after she debuts new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live Holding down the homefront! Kourtney Kardashian takes children out on the West Coast as brother-in-law Kanye West debuts new collection A model family! Teresa Giudice's daughter Milania walks the runway at Rookies New York Fashion Week show Stylish duo Helen Mirren oozes sophistication in power suit and red lace camisole as she attends The Great Wall premiere with husband Taylor Hackford So in love! Matt Damon looks besotted with wife Luciana Barroso as he takes her to The Great Wall premiere in LA One of the luckiest men around Date night! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend glam up for another evening out together after Valentine's Day Time to hit the town again Singer Boy George reveals he was having a drug-induced 'psychotic episode' when he kept a male escort prisoner in his London flat Chloe Who-is? Defiant Jake Hall dismisses ex Chloe Lewis' new romance revelation as he enjoys date night with lookalike girlfriend Missé Beqiri Model mother! Lara Bingle dotes over son Rocket Zot and her precious newborn as she jets out of New York  'It was an emotional reunion': Jeremy McConnell has finally met his four-week-old son Caben-Albi... and also spent time with ex Stephanie Davis 'It seems like 2017 is the year to get pregnant': Heidi Montag congratulates former The Hills co-stars Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad on baby news Catherine Zeta-Jones turns on the glamour as she heads to LAX with Michael Douglas and their teenage daughter Carys Always chic 'We should have bashed each other!' Trainspotting's Danny Boyle says he and Ewan McGregor would have settled their feud earlier if they'd had a punch up Rhian Sugden nails the Playboy look as she shows off her incredible cleavage and tiny waist in iconic corset with bunny ears for sizzling video Newsnight presenter Kirsty Wark suffered 'hard menopause' after ditching HRT over cancer fears  The 62-year-old endured sleepless nights  Sheer delight! Christie Brinkley wears VERY thin sweater while out with daughters in NYC The 63-year-old siren donned a super sheer sweater Baby's first catwalk! Coco Austin and Ice-T help adorable daughter Chanel walk the runway at Rookie USA NY Fashion Week show Braless Paris Jackson shows off nipple rings as she enjoys girl's day out in LA before an altercation at a gas station Ashley Greene looks elegant in flowing split dress at Hollywood premiere of In Dubious Battle  Stole the show in her super chic dress A model metabolism! Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner grab greasy McDonald's as they head to another NYFW show She's no shrinking violet! Kim Kardashian forgoes her bra in sheer purple outfit at Kanye's Yeezy Season 5 show in New York 'I was nervous about the fans': Bella Heathcote feared public reaction to her role as Christian Grey's ex in Fifty Shades Darker Silver siren! Gwen Stefani stuns in metallic mini dress with matching glittered shoes for appearance on The Tonight Show Like mother like daughter! Cindy Crawford and Kaia Gerber look supermodel chic as they get ready for NYFW Looked like sisters Mel Gibson in talks to direct Suicide Squad sequel as Oscar nominee continues to enjoy career renaissance Sheer-ly amazing! Mandy Moore flashes her bra in Victorian-inspired lace at the Marchesa show during NYFW Model family! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber upstaged by kids Kaia and Presley at NYC Marc Jacobs event Center of attention What is her recipe? Domestic goddess Nigella Lawson, 57, looks remarkably wrinkle-free as she steps out in style for a night of revelry Legs for days! Cameron Diaz shows off pencil thin stems in skintight jeans while out in Beverly Hills Leggy lady Her biggest fans! Charlotte McKinney flashes some skin as she celebrates her Ocean Drive cover with her parents in Miami Bodacious in blue! Mariah Carey shows off curves in skintight mini dress as she arrives for first performance since NYE debacle From crop tops to cocktail frocks! Coco Rocha goes to two shows back-to-back and manages to make a full outfit change with minutes to spare  New 'do! Lea Michele shows off sleek shorter hair while out and about in LA after debuting it at Grammys Glee alum looked in good spirits  Top of the crops! Gorgeous Martha Hunt flashes cleavage and toned tummy at Michael Kors NYFW show The 27-year-old kept up with appearances  Back again! Ashley Graham shows off her incredible curves in tiny bikinis as she returns to the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue In slinky swimwear  Jessica Biel stuns in classy black lace dress as she sits front row at the Ralph Lauren NYFW show Stole the show Brooke Shields, 51, shows off youthful glow and flawless complexion while taking in an off-Broadway show in NYC Can still rock a red carpet  Heavenly! Olivia Culpo stands out in frilly ruched frock as she sits front row at Marchesa's NYFW runway show She's a former beauty queen She's 58, with four children already - one of whom she's lost custody of - so why WAS Madonna allowed to adopt these twins? 'I've not seen my sister in EIGHT years': Mel B's estranged sibling Danielle Brown shoots down reports of a family reunion as long-running feud continues 'What is your intention with her?': Corrine's nanny grills Nick Viall in teaser for Bachelor hometown dates episode Katherine Heigl looks slim in white blouse and jeans two months after welcoming son Joshua Jr.  Introduced her newborn on the Late Late Show  Bandaged Chloe Khan exhibits results of 'corrective nose job'... after admitting she's spent £50K going under the knife Blue singer Lee Ryan set to 'ruffle feathers and break hearts' as he lands a role in EastEnders as Albert Square's 'colourful' new bad boy California here we come! Sam Faiers and her boyfriend Paul Knightley share hugs with their adorable son Paul Jr. as they excitedly jet off to LA Rolling in the dough! Adele earned more than £500k EACH NIGHT on her hugely successful Live tour last year  Unprecedented success  Katherine Heigl shows off newborn son Joshua Jr as she reveals John Mayer helped husband Josh Kelley get serious about their relationship 'It wasn't just the flu!' Ailing Vicky Pattison scolds fan after being accused of wasting a 'valuable hospital bed' for virus Defended herself  'She got very offended': Regis Philbin reveals Kelly Ripa took his departure personally and explains they do not 'really' stay in contact Lady Mary's Valentine kiss for tragic fiance: Michelle Dockery posts poignant selfie with caption 'kiss cancer goodbye' John Dineen died of brain cancer in 2015 'I'm even excited about being tired': Mahershala Ali scores THR cover and Oscar nominee discusses childhood 'melancholy' and pending fatherhood Susan Sarandon and Lindsay Lohan among celebs enjoying night at risque NY club The Box - but Trump adviser Elon Musk stays out of view as Pussy Riot yell 'f**k Trump, f**k Putin' Airing his dirty laundry! Lauren Goodger spends Valentine's Day in PRISON with jailbird Joey Morrison... and leaves with his washing  Chloe Goodman strips down to just a thong while undergoing non-surgical 'booty makeover'... after previously working as a bum double for Cheryl  Mario Falcone 'set to make explosive return to TOWIE two years after slimming pill suspension'... despite insisting he's 'too intelligent' for show  Bootylicious! Jennifer Lopez posts very cheeky Valentine's day snap in a sexy red clinging two-piece Gave followers a treat Charlotte Crosby shows off her endless legs beneath skin-tight mini for circus launch... after posing in just lingerie ahead of solo Valentine's day MIC's Tiffany Watson adds a little sex appeal to her date night outfit in a lace bralet and fishnet tights as she joins beau Sam Thompson for pre-LFW bash Clothing optional! Nicki Minaj poses topless on a bed as she jokes about her stripper past in latest naughty Instagram post Freezing for fashion? Jessica Gomes takes a solo stroll in FREEZING New York conditions wearing a stylish thin camisole and velvet blazer . Kendall Jenner didn't make Kanye's Yeezy 5 show because she was busy walking the runway for Anna Sui with pals Gigi and Bella Hadid 'How cute!' Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid deliver McDonald's feast to sister Kim Kardashian after Kanye's Yeezy 5 show No point being coy now! Audacious Lisa Appleton bares breasts in sheer lace bodysuit for night out... before covering her face with a tiger mask TOWIE star Chloe Sims gets a little heavy-handed with the bronzer as she picks out mother-daughter fluffy coats for girls' night with Madison, 11 Justin Bieber 'named as suspect in assault investigation'... after video surfaced of him fighting man twice his size A memoir.... that Mick Jagger doesn't remember writing! Publisher claims he has manuscript of autobiography written during the 1980s  Kylie Jenner arrives LATE to join Kim Kardashian at Kanye's Yeezy 5 show... as Khloe, Kourtney, Kendall and even Kris Jenner are absent 'I'm open!' Susan Sarandon, 70, declares herself BISEXUAL as she reveals she would date a woman Promoting new movie  Bella Hadid dons lace bodysuit for Valentine's Day dinner with Kaia and Presley Gerber in New York The friends made quite the stylish group  'I owe him everything!': Blake Lively looks flirty in floral as she praises Michael Kors while cheering on his fashion show with Anna Wintour Kate Upton keeps her voluptuous figure under wraps with a heavy coat as she plugs her latest Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue Glammed-up Frankie Bridge leads The Saturdays' reunion with Vanessa White as they support bandmate Una Healy's first headline solo gig No jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio looks bright as she bares her toned tummy in a crop top at Sao Paulo airport Looks good anywhere EXCLUSIVE: Never-before-seen pictures of secretly pregnant Marilyn Monroe, who confided that her Lco-star Yves Montand was the baby's father Look away Keith! Nicole Kidman wraps her arms around Moonlight star Mahershala Ali as she talks first kiss in W magazine 'I'm not a size two but I'm strong!': Serena Williams strips off her tennis skirt to look sensational in Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue Charli XCX flashes her cleavage and abs in sheer crop top emblazoned with the words 'Sex Symbol' as she makes head-turning arrival at NME Awards Pregnant Billie Faiers masks her bump while going edgy in embroidered denim as she brings daughter Nelly to star-studded kids' bash 'You need to eat a few wholesome meals hun': Abbey Clancy sparks concerns among fans as she shares super-slim selfie Concerned response 'I have the utmost respect for her': Carlos Santana APOLOGISES after claiming Adele won Grammys because Beyonce is 'beautiful but not a singer' Kendall Jenner flaunts her figure in quirky tasselled dress as she storms the runway with Bella Hadid and Ashley Graham at Michael Kors' NYFW show Kesha submits emails in court case against her 'abuser' Dr. Luke who criticised her for breaking juice cleanse and called her a 'fat f**king refrigerator' 'Curvy' model Hunter McGrady dedicates her nude Sports Illustrated's spread to 'every woman who has ever felt uncomfortable in her body' 'Lies! Lies!': Jessica Biel is shocked to hear about ancestors as she and Courteney Cox explore roots on Who Do You Think You Are? Karlie Kloss apologizes after backlash over 'culturally insensitive' Geisha-themed photo shoot in Vogue's issue meant to celebrate diversity Hollywood activist Shailene Woodley talks about 'inspiring' meeting with Malia Obama during a Dakota pipeline protest Wonderful in winter white! Hailey Baldwin shows off her toned legs as she heads to Kanye West's Yeezy 5 show Show of support Social butterfly! Paris Hilton spring-time ready in a garden print dress at the Vivienne Tam show during NYFW Blooming lovely MIC's Stephanie Pratt flashes her bra in a semi-sheer nude bodycon after wowing in a bridal inspired gown as she launches new fashion line Strip club being sued by Joanna Krupa for using her picture in ads without permission hits back claiming she's too 'pretty' to work there Gigi to the rescue! Hadid the model citizen lends a hand after woman is knocked over on New York sidewalk Helped disentangle a pavement pileup 'Yet another breathtaking view': Oprah Winfrey and Reese Witherspoon explore New Zealand in between filming scenes for new Disney movie Specs appeal! Nicole Kidman rocks eyeglasses as she bundles up in puffer jacket on NYC set of Untouchable with Bryan Cranston She's with Rio, she is a showgirl! Kate Wright flaunts her amazing figure in racy bikini flashback... as Ferdinand romance shocks TOWIE cast Naked ambition! Gigi Hadid's younger sister Bella strips off her clothes to flash her chest in V Magazine after taking NYFW by storm 'Never a rivalry like theirs': Susan Sarandon and Jessica Lange get their claws out as Bette Davis and Joan Crawford in new trailer for FX's Feud Matt Damon reveals it took 12 hours and 700 extensions to get his long man bun for The Great Wall role He found the process 'weird.' 'A little shot of fireball gets a girl going!': RHOBH star Erika Jayne, 45, shows off fit figure in blue lingerie for very racy XXPEN$IVE music video 'They are at it again!': Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna have ANOTHER major fight as rumors of their split continue 'My greatest fear is that I won't wake up': Lisa Riley breaks down over major surgery fears... ahead of 'excess skin removal and having her lady garden tidied' 'She looks like a waxwork': Holly Hagan's fans are divided over star's transformation as they struggle to recognise her following very glam makeover Hugh Jackman evacuated from the set of The Greatest Showman after fire breaks out Shooting on Sunday when blaze began Nick Cannon was 'shaken to his core' over treatment by NBC after race gag lead to him quitting America's Got Talent Harrison Ford is spotted for the first time returning to the airport where he nearly flew INTO a Boeing 737 as FAA reveals investigation delay  Braless Jess Woodley poses in her underwear and a sexy matching camisole... as she hints at the real reason she quit Made In Chelsea Critics demand Khloe Kardashian's Protein World Tube advert is scrapped by London Underground for 'body shaming' young women  Sienna Miller flashes her bra in sheer jumper as she helps launch clothes designer sister Savannah's bridal collection Five years after dropping shared fashion range The tight stuff! Glam Frankie Essex shows off slimmed-down figure in leather trousers as she heads out for night on the town  That's no reason to feel blue! Louisa Johnson shows off her new electric hair colour as she's unveiled as the face of L'Oreal's Colorista That's one supportive wife! Kim Kardashian posts image where she's beaming at Kanye West hours before his Yeezy 5 show Cindy Crawford and husband Rande Gerber keep the romance alive with sweet Valentine's Day date after nearly 20 years of marriage Sofia Richie flashes her derriere in white thong bodysuit as she teases Kanye West's Yeezy 5 runway show Teased her Instagram followers  Love (Actually) is on the air! Director Richard Curtis reveals plans to unveil a TV sequel to his hit romantic comedy especially for Comic Relief Hilary Duff's ex-husband Mike Comrie pictured out in LA for the first time since former NHL star was accused of 'raping a woman at his home' Pregnant Natalie Portman shows off blossoming bump as she hikes with mother Shelley while counting down to baby No. 2 TOWIE newcomer Yazmin flashes her bra in plunging red blazer as she goes hand-in-hand with new love interest James Lock during filming Starting to show! Ryan Lochte's fiancée Kayla Rae Reid proudly displays growing baby bump in white crop top for mirror selfie Kanye West turns out a camouflage-packed runway for Yeezy Season 5 at his first New York Fashion Week show since his breakdown 'She looks like Jane Pountney!' Katie Price's neighbour is compared to cheating former friend after posing for Valentine's Day selfie with Kieran Hayler Celia Imrie reveals she was celebrating Bastille Day in Nice during last year's terrorist attack that left 84 dead, adding 'it was a miracle I survived'  Jemma Lucy flaunts her pert posterior in a thong in new sultry Insta... days after revealing desire for another boob job to boost her G Cup bust Made In Chelsea's Georgia Toffolo risks a wardrobe malfunction in perilously short mini as she joins leggy co-star Frankie Gaff at LFW bash Revlon ambassador Gwen Stefani talks about 'choosing love' with Blake Shelton but says she spent Valentine's Day alone Jennifer Lopez, Rachel McAdams, and David Beckham star in stunning pictures for photographer Marc Hom's portrait book EXCLUSIVE: SStar Trek's William Shatner goes boldly into court demanding that a $170 million lawsuit by a radio DJ claiming to be his son be thrown out Something to celebrate? Kimberley Walsh and Sarah Harding post gushing tributes to pregnant pal Cheryl... as she counts down to giving birth 'They walked in while I was pushing!': Jessa Duggar reveals her second home birth was so quick her mother and sister almost missed it 'We were actually homeless': Daniel MacPherson reveals struggles of US move alongside wife Zoe Ventoura   'I had $40 and an address!' Nina Agdal reveals she came to America with nothing but a modeling dream just six years ago Red hot Selena Gomez gives a peek at incredibly toned legs in sexy high-slit dress on Valentine's Day Showing a little leg in her chic dress 'She's grown so much!': Pregnant Cally Jane Beech shares throwback baby scan snap as she admits the experience has been emotional John McCain gets Punk'd! Ashton Kutcher blows the senator a kiss during Foreign Relations hearing as they give Obama and Biden a run for their money 'You have to f***ing watch it': Lena Dunham understands why Taylor Swift did not speak up during election Gave opinion in Rolling Stone chat Hilary Duff's ex-husband, former NHL star Mike Comrie is investigated by police for 'raping a woman at his Los Angeles home'  Tallia Storm borrows from the Seventies as she flaunts her taut abs in chic hippy coord while joining a bevy of stars at glitzy pre-LFW bash Quick change artist: Blake Lively switches up her style for second show during New York Fashion Week She went from flirty in floral Braless Emily Ratajkowski shows off her perky assets and enviable abs in racy crop top with sexy secretary style skirt at Michael Kors show   'Sassy!': Blac Chyna sizzles in sheer red dress which leaves little to the imagination in racy Instagram snap An eye-popping display  Not runway ready! Sara Sampaio is makeup-free and wearing odd blue coat as she heads to a show for New York Fashion Week . Sylvester Stallone's model daughter Sistine, 18, makes an elegant fashion fan in a little navy dress as she attends Michael Kors' runway show at NYFW She sure shakes it up! Bella Thorne is spotted grabbing a healthy lunch with a mystery man in LA after being linked to Sam Pepper One last workout! Kim Kardashian hits the gym ahead of husband Kanye West's comeback show at New York Fashion Week  Brooke Burke-Charvet, 45, shows off her super-fit physique in a bandeau bikini as she shares a steamy kiss with husband David in St. Barts Moment 'smirking' X Factor winner James Arthur is smashed over the head with a pint glass by a thug who had just discovered he'd slept with his girlfriend  Kanye West heads to Yeezy Season Five presentation at NYFW... following 'disastrous' show last fall Grunge-inspired Ashley James rocks a quirky bomber and chunky boots as she heads out in London with pal Charlotte de Carle Prue Leith CONFIRMS she's up for Mary Berry's job on  GBBO... as the saucy 13-year affair she had with her mum's best friend's husband is revealed Ruffling feathers? Make-up free Billie Piper opts for a low-key look as she faces off against a swan Family time Her crown jewels! Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks regally racy as she flaunts her ample chest in VERY revealing gown on the set of The Royals They could be sisters! Kate Upton, 24, joins forces with Christie Brinkley, 63, to plug Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue on Today 'Love of my life!': Rosario Dawson and comedian Eric Andre reveal they are dating in a series of sweet snaps on Valentine's Day Fresh as a daisy! Catherine Zeta Jones, 47, flaunts her tiny waist in a floral dress at Feud event in New York  She always exudes elegance Courtney Stodden puts on a busty display in plunging top as she spends Valentine's Day with celebrity surgeon who dated Heather Locklear 'I was born in BEIRUT!' Keanu Reeves slams Alison Hammond as she quizzes him about his Essex roots... despite him telling her he has never been  'Happy mom, happy life!': Mila Kunis wears statement top in LA as it's revealed she 'made out with' Ashton Kutcher during recent date night Hilary Duff and new beau Matthew Koma celebrated V-Day in Costa Rica... as her ex faces rape charges Stayed at lavish resort 'Life is about to get crazy!': Country star Thomas Rhett discovers wife is pregnant just as they adopt African baby Announced the news on social media  'Your girl fell in love with me': The Weeknd taunts Justin Bieber in new song as he continues to romance the Sorry singer's ex Selena Gomez Giving us the shoulder! Orange Is The New Black star Laverne Cox dazzles in sexy black dress as she talks new CBS show Doubt Chic and sophisticated 'Who thought a high functioning sociopath could be so popular?' Benedict's delight as Sherlock is voted the world's favourite BBC TV character  Someone making you smile? Chloe Lewis flashes a coy grin as she heads out to film for TOWIE... after revealing new romance with mystery beau RA boss Neil Portnow says Grammys don't have 'race problem' and claims Kanye skipped show due to 'medical concerns' Still feeling the love! Denzel Washington and wife of 33 years Pauletta have a ball at Lakers game on Valentine's Day Alex Mytton makes up with girlfriend Lottie Moss following Valentine's fallout as they cosy up during day in New York 'I went through every phase - too skinny, too fat!': Christie Brinkley, 63, appears on Today with daughters to talk body image Talked haters Liv Tyler wraps up warm in a chic navy coat as she goes arm-in-arm with her fiancé Dave Gardner in Paris Celebrating Valentine's Day in style  Victoria's Secret model Josephine Skriver flaunts her impeccably toned abs and eye-popping cleavage in sizzling swimwear campaign Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Subscribe Manage My Account Advertise PB Inner Circle Sign up for Morning Mail e-Edition Today's Sales Inserts About Us Contact Us Submission Forms Log In News Local News Columns Minnesota Nation World History Special report: ‘Fight for the Union’ Webcams Submit a News Tip Sports High School Sports Local Sports P-B Playbook Minnesota Sports National Sports Outdoors Life Lifestyles Food Wellness Travel Entertainment Celebrations Kid Scoop Opinion Our Views Letters Columnists Cartoons Obituaries Death Notices Submit Information Events Live RochMN 507 Magazine Rochester Magazine Radish Magazine At Home Magazine Business Directory AgriNews Blogs Furst Draft Kiger's Notebook Political Party Jobs Find a job Post a job Recruitment Advertising Buy & Sell Classifieds Autos Homes Sales & Specials Deals 25° Clear Toggle navigation Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Manage My Account Advertise PB Inner Circle Sign up for Morning Mail e-Edition Today's Sales Inserts About Us Contact Us Submission Forms Log In News Local News Crime and Courts Education Business Politics Elections Destination Medical Center Columns Answer Man Heard on the Street Minnesota Nation World History Special report: ‘Fight for the Union’ Webcams Submit a News Tip Sports High School Sports Century Panthers John Marshall Rockets Lourdes Eagles Mayo Spartans Local Sports P-B Playbook Minnesota Sports National Sports Outdoors Life Lifestyles Food Wellness Travel Entertainment 507 Magazine Sudoku TV listings Total TV Celebrations Kid Scoop Opinion Our Views Letters Submit a Letter Commentary Guidelines Columnists Cartoons Obituaries Death Notices Submit Information Events Live RochMN 507 Magazine Rochester Magazine Radish Magazine At Home Magazine Business Directory AgriNews Blogs Furst Draft Kiger's Notebook Political Party Jobs Find a job Post a job Recruitment Advertising Buy & Sell Classifieds Marketplace Community Housing Personals Sale Service Vehicle Place your ad Autos Homes Brokers Builders Agents Open Houses Real Estate Classifieds Advertise Sales & Specials HyVee Deals 25° Rochester, MN (55903) Today Intervals of clouds and sunshine in the morning with more clouds for later in the day. High 41F. Winds SSE at 10 to 20 mph.. Tonight A few clouds from time to time. Low 32F. Winds SSW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: February 16, 2017 @ 12:54 am Full Forecast top right promo - flex2 Home Business AP Boeing vote tells next chapter in Southern unionization By MEG KINNARD Associated Press 22 hrs ago (…) NORTH CHARLESTON, S.C. (AP) — Nearly 3,000 production workers at Boeing's South Carolina plant are deciding Wednesday on whether they want to unionize, writing the next chapter in efforts to organize labor in large manufacturing plants across the South. If successful, the balloting on whether employees should join the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers would send a significant message to politicians both in the region and Washington that workers here are demanding the same protections and benefits as their colleagues in other areas. And, to the leaders trying to recruit businesses by promoting their states' lack of union presence, it'd make their jobs more difficult. But this most recent test of Southern acceptance of collective bargaining movements is an uphill battle for the union and its backers. The global aviation giant, which came to South Carolina in part because of the state's minuscule union presence, did so with the aid of millions of dollars in state assistance made possible by officials who spoke out frequently and glowingly with anti-union messages. "It is an economic development tool," Gov. Nikki Haley, now President Donald Trump's ambassador to the United Nations, said in a 2012 address of how she sold companies on why they should come to the state. "We'll make the unions understand full well that they are not needed, not wanted and not welcome in the state of South Carolina." At least that part of the tactic has worked. While some South Carolina workers have representation — just more than 1,900, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics' 2016 figures — most don't. Other major manufacturers in the state, including BMW and Michelin, aren't unionized or haven't experienced major campaigns to do so. The Machinists initially petitioned for a vote at Boeing in 2015 but withdrew the request because of what the union called a toxic atmosphere and political interference. Southern states for decades have recruited manufacturers by promising freedom from the influences of labor unions, which except for some textile mills have been historically rejected by workers as collective action culturally foreign to a South built around family farms, said Jeffrey Hirsch, a law professor who specializes in labor relations at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. A successful union vote at Boeing would have a greater impact on the general view of labor in the South than efforts by autoworkers to unionize Volkswagen in Chattanooga, Tennessee, as a foothold for organizing other Southern car plants. Anti-union advocates could always cite VW as an aberration since representatives of one of its key unions in Germany hold seats on the company's board of directors, Hirsch said. "Boeing is very, very different," Hirsch said. "No one will ever accuse Boeing of being pro-union." A "yes" vote would be meaningful throughout the region, said Daniel Cornfield, sociology professor and labor expert at Vanderbilt University. "Given the dynamism of industrialization in the Southern region now, especially the development ... of the U.S. automotive industry, any type of heavy-industry union victory would certainly inspire other workers in related industrial sectors in the South to think about unionizing." What strikes Cornfield about the Boeing case is the company's silence over consequences for workers. "The company has not been threatening to relocate its operations in the event of a unionization," he said. "It is often the case that companies try to relocate outside of the United States to find cheaper labor and avoid U.S. unions altogether." Boeing already may have abstained from those kinds of threats because of its huge South Carolina plant investment and billions of dollars in federal defense contracts. Threatening to move manufacturing would come after Trump blasted Boeing for its cost of building a new presidential Air Force One for future presidents. "Costs are out of control," Trump tweeted in early December. "Cancel order!" Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg met with Trump two weeks later. "Given the recent pronouncements of President Trump about keeping manufacturing in the United States," Cornfield said, "it would be interesting and an ironic twist that President Trump is possibly defanging large corporations in their efforts to resist unionization by encouraging companies to stay in the United States, giving workers a leg up and unions a leg up in the campaign period." Catherine Templeton, South Carolina's former labor director and successful anti-union lawyer, is no stranger to this fight. When Haley picked Templeton to lead South Carolina's labor department, the governor played up Templeton's union-fighting background and saying she needed her help to "fight the unions" at Boeing. "They cannot legally deliver higher wages, better benefits or a different working environment. Even if they are promising it, they certainly can't deliver it," Templeton said. On Monday, in a final gathering before the vote, several hundred Boeing employees gathered in a hotel ballroom just a mile from the Boeing plant, hearing from activists and members of other unions urging them to vote "yes" on Wednesday. "Suppressing working people is the old way of doing business in South Carolina," Machinists organizer Mike Evans said, to cheers from the crowd. "It's not going to be this way anymore." ___ Associated Press writer Emery P. Dalesio in Raleigh, North Carolina, contributed to this report. ___ Kinnard can be reached at http://twitter.com/MegKinnardAP . Read more of her work at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/meg-kinnard/ . Flex2 - Morning Mail - Horizontal for Articles Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags Business General News Labor Unions Labor Issues Social Issues Social Affairs Production Facilities Corporate News Aerospace And Defense Industry Industrial Products And Services Locations South Carolina United States North America More Headlines Culture clash or culture compatibility can make all the difference at work Global stocks mostly lower as investors await Yellen remarks Aetna, Humana call off $34 billion deal Age difference a big factor in retirement decisions Multimedia Photos: RCTC, Riverland Men's Basketball Photos: Mayo, Mankato East/Loyola boys hockey Photos: Lourdes, Austin boys hockey Photos: Kingdom Kids Preschool Carnival FUNraiser What do you think? Event Calendar Submit an Event View All Events top right promo - flex2 What do you think? Stocks News Sports Life Opinion Multimedia Obituaries Blogs Weather RochesterMN AgriNews Log In Services About Us Contact Us Careers Advertise Subscription Services Purchase Photo Reprints Submission Forms Contact us PostBulletin.com 18 First Ave. S.E. Rochester, MN 55903 Phone: 800-562-1758 or 507-285-7600 Email: webmaster@postbulletin.com © Copyright 2017 Post-Bulletin Company, LLC, 18 First Ave. S.E. Rochester, MN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Budget 2017 SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance News US-India Business Council leads executive mission to Aero India 2017 US-India Business Council leads executive mission to Aero India 2017 Source : Last Updated: Wed, Feb 15, 2017 12:47 hrs Tweet Mail Print [India], Feb 15 (ANI): The US-India Business Council led its delegation to Aero India 2017 in Bangalore, showcasing continuity in the defense and security partnership between the United States and India following designation of India as a "Major Defense Partner", which directs the US government to prioritize defense trade with India. The international delegation consisted of more than 20 senior executives from American aerospace and defense companies. It conducted a seminar on opportunities to integrate India into the global supply chain that included global expert Tom Captain of Deloitte. USIBC's Executive Mission was led by George Standridge, Vice President for Strategy and Business Development for Lockheed Martin, and Tom Bell, Senior Vice President, Boeing. Senior executives representing America's top defense companies, including Arconic, Telephonics, Raytheon, Honeywell, Harris Corporation, and Textron Systems are part of USIBC's delegation. "India is an important partner for US industry. With a presence in India for over 25 years, Lockheed Martin is pleased to participate alongside the US-India Business Council at Aero India 2017. This is an excellent venue to further discussions in support of Prime Minister Modi's call to Make in India, and we are committed to sharing knowledge, skills, and technology, today and in the future," said VP for Strategy and Business Development for Lockheed Martin Aeronautics, Mission co-lead, George Standridge. "The US and Indian defense industries are poised to work collaboratively to position India as a major defense partner of the United States. Boeing is committed to facilitating the ecosystem for India's defense industrial base in a manner that supports job growth in both countries," said Senior Vice President of Global Sales and Marketing for Boeing Defense, Space and Security (BDS), Tom Bell. "As a 49 percent shareholder of the aerospace and defense focused operational joint venture Mahindra Telephonic Integrated Systems (MTIS) and OEM of strategic electronics integrated in numerous active rotary and fixed-wing military platforms in India for over 20 years, we are very excited to play a part in the US-India Business Council Delegation at Aero India 2017. It is an ideal venue to exchange lessons learned and showcase our commitment and progress supporting the Indian market and the Make in India initiative," said Corporate Vice President for Telephonic Corporation, Hector F. Colon. "We look forward to continue our effort with USIBC to strengthen the Make in India campaign and also foster the blossoming India-US Defense collaboration," added Colon. USIBC's Director of Aerospace and Defense, Ben Schwartz said, "2017 should be an exciting year for the defense industry. We are hopeful that some key changes will take place that augur well for the bilateral partnership such as an agreement on communications security and the reform of defense offset management." (ANI) SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 28120.00 (-0.46%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 28830.00 (0.8%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 28700.00 (0.35%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 28440.00 (-0.59%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 27600.00 (-0.36%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 27750.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 28250.00 (-0.07%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 41835.00 (-0.7%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 41835.00 (-0.7%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 41835.00 (-0.7%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 41835.00 (-0.7%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 41835.00 (-0.7%) more talking point on sify finance About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #BudgetSpeech #Personal I-T rate #Budget2017 #PopulistBudget #IRCTC News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Current Affairs » News » National Researchers come across black hole capable of producing stars Business Standard US-India Business Council leads executive mission to Aero India 2017 International delegation consisted of more than 20 senior executives from American aerospace ANI  |  New Delhi  February 15, 2017 Last Updated at 14:58 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UTQCII Indian Air Force's aerobatic team "Suryakiran" performs during the inauguration of the 11th biennial edition of AERO INDIA 2017 ALSO READ Tata Power to make Javelin missile with Lockheed Martin JV Trump reopens Boeing v/s Lockheed rivalry with a tweet Lockheed Martin & Raytheon rope in Tata Power to co-produce Javelin missile system Lockheed Martin CEO meets Donald Trump; vows to create thousands of jobs Lockheed shares sink further on Trump's F-35 threat The US-India Business Council led its delegation to Aero India 2017 in Bangalore, showcasing continuity in the defense and security partnership between the United States and India following designation of India as a "Major Defense Partner", which directs the US government to prioritize defense trade with India. The international delegation consisted of more than 20 senior executives from American aerospace and defense companies. It conducted a seminar on opportunities to integrate India into the global supply chain that included global expert Tom Captain of Deloitte. USIBC's Executive Mission was led by George Standridge, Vice President for Strategy and Business Development for Lockheed Martin, and Tom Bell, Senior Vice President, Boeing. Senior executives representing America's top defense companies, including Arconic, Telephonics, Raytheon, Honeywell, Harris Corporation, and Textron Systems are part of USIBC's delegation. "India is an important partner for US industry. With a presence in India for over 25 years, Lockheed Martin is pleased to participate alongside the US-India Business Council at Aero India 2017. This is an excellent venue to further discussions in support of Prime Minister Modi's call to Make in India, and we are committed to sharing knowledge, skills, and technology, today and in the future," said VP for Strategy and Business Development for Lockheed Martin Aeronautics, Mission co-lead, George Standridge. "The US and Indian defense industries are poised to work collaboratively to position India as a major defense partner of the United States. Boeing is committed to facilitating the ecosystem for India's defense industrial base in a manner that supports job growth in both countries," said Senior Vice President of Global Sales and Marketing for Boeing Defense, Space and Security (BDS), Tom Bell. "As a 49 percent shareholder of the aerospace and defense focused operational joint venture Mahindra Telephonic Integrated Systems (MTIS) and OEM of strategic electronics integrated in numerous active rotary and fixed-wing military platforms in India for over 20 years, we are very excited to play a part in the US-India Business Council Delegation at Aero India 2017. It is an ideal venue to exchange lessons learned and showcase our commitment and progress supporting the Indian market and the Make in India initiative," said Corporate Vice President for Telephonic Corporation, Hector F. Colon. "We look forward to continue our effort with USIBC to strengthen the Make in India campaign and also foster the blossoming India-US Defense collaboration," added Colon. USIBC's Director of Aerospace and Defense, Ben Schwartz said, "2017 should be an exciting year for the defense industry. We are hopeful that some key changes will take place that augur well for the bilateral partnership such as an agreement on communications security and the reform of defense offset management. Read More On Usibc | Lockheed Martin | Tom Bell | Arconic | Telephonics | Raytheon | Honeywell | Harris Corporation | Boeing | Current Affairs | National PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Banking conveinience on the go, anytime...anywhere Save Tax on Your Premium u s 80D Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Double Benefits Cashless Treatments plus Tax Savings Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Exploring Untapped Potential of Mutual Funds. IIM Bangalore: Aerospace Management Programme Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Supercharge your Indian property portfolio Main Jahan, Mera Bank Wahan New to investing in shares? Bengal Global Business Summit. click here Your Loan Eligibility Holds the Key to Your Dream Home Rise and fall of Bitcoin, does history repeat itself? New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Why are More People Applying for Personal Loans? US-India Business Council leads executive mission to Aero India 2017 International delegation consisted of more than 20 senior executives from American aerospace International delegation consisted of more than 20 senior executives from American aerospace The US-India Business Council led its delegation to Aero India 2017 in Bangalore, showcasing continuity in the defense and security partnership between the United States and India following designation of India as a "Major Defense Partner", which directs the US government to prioritize defense trade with India. The international delegation consisted of more than 20 senior executives from American aerospace and defense companies. It conducted a seminar on opportunities to integrate India into the global supply chain that included global expert Tom Captain of Deloitte. USIBC's Executive Mission was led by George Standridge, Vice President for Strategy and Business Development for Lockheed Martin, and Tom Bell, Senior Vice President, Boeing. Senior executives representing America's top defense companies, including Arconic, Telephonics, Raytheon, Honeywell, Harris Corporation, and Textron Systems are part of USIBC's delegation. "India is an important partner for US industry. With a presence in India for over 25 years, Lockheed Martin is pleased to participate alongside the US-India Business Council at Aero India 2017. This is an excellent venue to further discussions in support of Prime Minister Modi's call to Make in India, and we are committed to sharing knowledge, skills, and technology, today and in the future," said VP for Strategy and Business Development for Lockheed Martin Aeronautics, Mission co-lead, George Standridge. "The US and Indian defense industries are poised to work collaboratively to position India as a major defense partner of the United States. Boeing is committed to facilitating the ecosystem for India's defense industrial base in a manner that supports job growth in both countries," said Senior Vice President of Global Sales and Marketing for Boeing Defense, Space and Security (BDS), Tom Bell. "As a 49 percent shareholder of the aerospace and defense focused operational joint venture Mahindra Telephonic Integrated Systems (MTIS) and OEM of strategic electronics integrated in numerous active rotary and fixed-wing military platforms in India for over 20 years, we are very excited to play a part in the US-India Business Council Delegation at Aero India 2017. It is an ideal venue to exchange lessons learned and showcase our commitment and progress supporting the Indian market and the Make in India initiative," said Corporate Vice President for Telephonic Corporation, Hector F. Colon. "We look forward to continue our effort with USIBC to strengthen the Make in India campaign and also foster the blossoming India-US Defense collaboration," added Colon. USIBC's Director of Aerospace and Defense, Ben Schwartz said, "2017 should be an exciting year for the defense industry. We are hopeful that some key changes will take place that augur well for the bilateral partnership such as an agreement on communications security and the reform of defense offset management. ANI Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 US-India Business Council leads executive mission to Aero India 2017 International delegation consisted of more than 20 senior executives from American aerospace The US-India Business Council led its delegation to Aero India 2017 in Bangalore, showcasing continuity in the defense and security partnership between the United States and India following designation of India as a "Major Defense Partner", which directs the US government to prioritize defense trade with India. The international delegation consisted of more than 20 senior executives from American aerospace and defense companies. It conducted a seminar on opportunities to integrate India into the global supply chain that included global expert Tom Captain of Deloitte. USIBC's Executive Mission was led by George Standridge, Vice President for Strategy and Business Development for Lockheed Martin, and Tom Bell, Senior Vice President, Boeing. Senior executives representing America's top defense companies, including Arconic, Telephonics, Raytheon, Honeywell, Harris Corporation, and Textron Systems are part of USIBC's delegation. "India is an important partner for US industry. With a presence in India for over 25 years, Lockheed Martin is pleased to participate alongside the US-India Business Council at Aero India 2017. This is an excellent venue to further discussions in support of Prime Minister Modi's call to Make in India, and we are committed to sharing knowledge, skills, and technology, today and in the future," said VP for Strategy and Business Development for Lockheed Martin Aeronautics, Mission co-lead, George Standridge. "The US and Indian defense industries are poised to work collaboratively to position India as a major defense partner of the United States. Boeing is committed to facilitating the ecosystem for India's defense industrial base in a manner that supports job growth in both countries," said Senior Vice President of Global Sales and Marketing for Boeing Defense, Space and Security (BDS), Tom Bell. "As a 49 percent shareholder of the aerospace and defense focused operational joint venture Mahindra Telephonic Integrated Systems (MTIS) and OEM of strategic electronics integrated in numerous active rotary and fixed-wing military platforms in India for over 20 years, we are very excited to play a part in the US-India Business Council Delegation at Aero India 2017. It is an ideal venue to exchange lessons learned and showcase our commitment and progress supporting the Indian market and the Make in India initiative," said Corporate Vice President for Telephonic Corporation, Hector F. Colon. "We look forward to continue our effort with USIBC to strengthen the Make in India campaign and also foster the blossoming India-US Defense collaboration," added Colon. USIBC's Director of Aerospace and Defense, Ben Schwartz said, "2017 should be an exciting year for the defense industry. We are hopeful that some key changes will take place that augur well for the bilateral partnership such as an agreement on communications security and the reform of defense offset management. ANI Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Shopping Jobs Driving Homes Remembering Celebrating Newspapers TV Networks National Post The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Oddities News Happening Now Local National World Oddities Photo Galleries Weather Business Money Markets Mortgages Sports Hockey NHL Video Highlights Football-CFL Football-NFL Baseball Basketball Winter Sports Golf Racing Soccer Tennis MMA Entertainment Celebrity Music Movies Television Books TV Listings Lifestyle Fashion & Beauty Food Parenting Relationships Astrology Health Diet & Fitness Sexual Health Seniors Family & Child Men Women Travel Destinations Technology Gaming Internet Tech-Biz Space Personal Tech         Boeing union bid fails in South averse to organizing     By Meg Kinnard, The Associated Press February 16, 2017 2:20 AM     Story Photos ( 2 )     FILE - In this Tuesday, Feb. 16, 2016 file photo, An engine and part of a wing from the 100th 787 Dreamliner to be built at Boeing of South Carolina's North Charleston, S.C., facility are seen outside the plant. The morning round of voting has concluded Wednesday, Feb. 15, 2017, among South Carolina Boeing workers considering if they want representation by a union. Nearly 3,000 production workers are eligible to vote in the election to determine if they'll be represented by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. (Brad Nettles/The Post and Courier via AP, File) NORTH CHARLESTON, S.C. - Production workers at Boeing's South Carolina plant have rejected an effort to unionize, maintaining Southern reluctance toward unionization and setting up a picture-perfect stop for President Donald Trump, who visits the facilities this week. Vote totals weren't immediately available Wednesday, but the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers' lead organizer said it's "the workers who dictate what happens next." National Labor Relations Board rules require workers wait a year before another union vote. Wednesday's balloting came just two days before Trump was slated to make the first visit by a sitting president to the sprawling North Charleston complex, where Boeing makes the 787 Dreamliner. On Friday, Trump is coming to town for the rollout of the first 787-10 model. The presidential visit marks a photo finish for Boeing, which for weeks vigorously campaigned against the Machinists' effort. Billboards, radio and television ads blanketed the Charleston area, arguing to employees why they should not surrender their rights to the union. In its campaign, Boeing didn't threaten to move its operations abroad if workers unionized — a tactic that often surfaces when collective bargaining efforts arise — perhaps abstaining from those threats because of its huge South Carolina plant investment and billions of dollars in federal defence contracts the company does not want to risk. Trump himself engaged with the company during the presidential campaign, blasting Boeing for the cost of building a new Air Force One. "Costs are out of control," Trump tweeted in early December. "Cancel order!" Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg met with Trump two weeks later. If successful, the balloting on whether employees should join the union would have sent a significant message to politicians in the region and Washington that workers here want the same protections and benefits as those in other areas. And, to leaders trying to recruit businesses by promoting their states' lack of union presence, it'd it would have made their jobs more difficult. But this most recent test of Southern acceptance of collective bargaining movements was an uphill battle for the union and its backers. The global aviation giant, which came to South Carolina in part because of the state's minuscule union presence, did so with the aid of millions of dollars in state assistance made possible by officials who spoke out frequently and glowingly with anti-union messages. "It is an economic development tool," Gov. Nikki Haley, now President Donald Trump's ambassador to the United Nations, said in a 2012 address of how she sold companies on coming to the state. "We'll make the unions understand full well that they are not needed, not wanted and not welcome in the state of South Carolina." At least that part of the tactic has worked. Only about 52,000 South Carolina workers have union representation, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics' 2016 figures. Other major manufacturers in the state, including BMW and Michelin, aren't unionized or haven't experienced major campaigns to do so. The Machinists initially petitioned for a vote at Boeing in 2015 but withdrew the request because of what the union called a toxic atmosphere and political interference. Another facet of union opposition in this heavily Republican state is political, given the longstanding relationship between organized labour and Democratic politics. Any lenience toward unions could be seen as giving Democrats a toehold in the state. Southern states for decades have recruited manufacturers by promising freedom from the influences of labour unions, which except for some textile mills have been historically rejected by workers as collective action culturally foreign to a South built around family farms, said Jeffrey Hirsch, a law professor who specializes in labour relations at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. Asked earlier Wednesday about the vote, South Carolina Gov. Henry McMaster said he didn't feel unions were needed in the state, where Boeing and other companies have been successful, and where, he feels, workers are generally happy. "I think we're doing just fine without a union presence," he said. In a statement, Boeing vice-president and general manager Joan Robinson-Berry was already looking toward Trump's visit, the first by a sitting president to the company's North Charleston facilities. "It is great to have this vote behind us as we come together to celebrate that event," she said. ___ Emery Dalesio contributed to this report from Raleigh, North Carolina. ___ Kinnard can be reached at http://twitter.com/MegKinnardAP . Read more of her work at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/meg-kinnard/ .       E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article           Story Tools   E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article   Font: * * * * *   Image: * * * *   Previous Next     FILE - In this Tuesday, Feb. 16, 2016 file photo, An engine and part of a wing from the 100th 787 Dreamliner to be built at Boeing of South Carolina's North Charleston, S.C., facility are seen outside the plant. The morning round of voting has concluded Wednesday, Feb. 15, 2017, among South Carolina Boeing workers considering if they want representation by a union. Nearly 3,000 production workers are eligible to vote in the election to determine if they'll be represented by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. (Brad Nettles/The Post and Courier via AP, File)       E-mail this Gallery Print this Gallery Share this Gallery         Photo Galleries »   Leonard Cohen Photos: Leonard Cohen honoured... Leonard Cohen is honoured at the Glenn Gould Prize... more »   Gallery: Italian cruise ship disaster... Passengers leapt into the sea and fought over lifejackets... more »   Photos: Deadly winds hit U.K. One man dies as winds of over 160kph hit Britain and... more » Video: Winds batter Britain Toronto issues 'extreme' cold alert as mercury to drop to -16C   Gallery: Republican candidates... Republican presidential candidates race across Iowa... more »     More Photo Galleries »     Related Topics   business Boeing Company The Canadian Press         Business Videos         Most Popular canada.com E-mailed Shared     Sponsored By           FP Business Wire »   FP Business Wire   Kodak Signs ARCHOS as European Tablet Brand Licensee NTT Communications Positioned as a "Leader" in Gartner 2017 Report: "Magic Quadrant for Network Services, Global" for the 4th Consecutive Year Lenovo’s Third Quarter FY 2016/17 Results Led by Growth In PC Business           News Business Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Health Travel Technology Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Most Popular Formats Sitemap / RSS Contests Blogs Photo Galleries Videos Canada.com About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us FAQs Tools Canada.com Search for a Job Buy / Sell a Car Infomart Place a Classified Ad Newsletters and Alerts Flyercity.ca About canada.com | Privacy Statement | Terms | Copyright & Permissions © 2010-2017 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining People Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Place an Ad Weekly Ads e-Edition Activate your subscription Jobs Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 35° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today Sunshine and clouds mixed. High 36F. Winds NW at 10 to 15 mph.. Tonight Partly cloudy skies. Low 26F. Winds light and variable. Updated: February 15, 2017 @ 2:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell Breaking President Donald Trump's labor secretary pick withdraws nomination Close Brad Nettles FILE - In this Tuesday, Feb. 16, 2016 file photo, An engine and part of a wing from the 100th 787 Dreamliner to be built at Boeing of South Carolina's North Charleston, S.C., facility are seen outside the plant. The morning round of voting has concluded Wednesday, Feb. 15, 2017, among South Carolina Boeing workers considering if they want representation by a union. Nearly 3,000 production workers are eligible to vote in the election to determine if they'll be represented by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. (Brad Nettles/The Post and Courier via AP, File) AP Will Boeing workers defy South's anti-unionization history? By MEG KINNARD and EMERY P. DALESIO Associated Press Feb 15, 2017 Updated 2 hrs ago 0 Brad Nettles FILE - In this Tuesday, Feb. 16, 2016 file photo, An engine and part of a wing from the 100th 787 Dreamliner to be built at Boeing of South Carolina's North Charleston, S.C., facility are seen outside the plant. The morning round of voting has concluded Wednesday, Feb. 15, 2017, among South Carolina Boeing workers considering if they want representation by a union. Nearly 3,000 production workers are eligible to vote in the election to determine if they'll be represented by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. (Brad Nettles/The Post and Courier via AP, File) NORTH CHARLESTON, S.C. (AP) — Nearly 3,000 production workers at Boeing's South Carolina plant are deciding whether they want to unionize, writing the next chapter in efforts to organize labor in large manufacturing plants across the South. The first round of voting began early Wednesday. A second round was set for Wednesday afternoon to accommodate all employees. If successful, the balloting on whether employees should join the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers would send a significant message to politicians in the region and Washington that workers here want the same protections and benefits as those in other areas. And, to leaders trying to recruit businesses by promoting their states' lack of union presence, it'd make their jobs more difficult. But this most recent test of Southern acceptance of collective bargaining movements is an uphill battle for the union and its backers. The global aviation giant, which came to South Carolina in part because of the state's minuscule union presence, did so with the aid of millions of dollars in state assistance made possible by officials who spoke out frequently and glowingly with anti-union messages. "It is an economic development tool," Gov. Nikki Haley, now President Donald Trump's ambassador to the United Nations, said in a 2012 address of how she sold companies on coming to the state. "We'll make the unions understand full well that they are not needed, not wanted and not welcome in the state of South Carolina." At least that part of the tactic has worked. Only about 52,000 South Carolina workers have union representation, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics' 2016 figures. Other major manufacturers in the state, including BMW and Michelin, aren't unionized or haven't experienced major campaigns to do so. The Machinists initially petitioned for a vote at Boeing in 2015 but withdrew the request because of what the union called a toxic atmosphere and political interference. Another facet of union opposition in this heavily Republican state is political, given the longstanding relationship between organized labor and Democratic politics. Any lenience toward unions could be seen as giving Democrats a toehold here. Southern states for decades have recruited manufacturers by promising freedom from the influences of labor unions, which except for some textile mills have been historically rejected by workers as collective action culturally foreign to a South built around family farms, said Jeffrey Hirsch, a law professor who specializes in labor relations at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. A successful union vote at Boeing would have a greater regional impact than Volkswagen workers' efforts to unionize in Chattanooga, Tennessee. Anti-union advocates cited VW as an aberration since representatives of one of its key unions in Germany hold seats on the company's board of directors, Hirsch said. "Boeing is very, very different," Hirsch said. "No one will ever accuse Boeing of being pro-union." A "yes" vote could inspire others in the region to consider unions, said Daniel Cornfield, sociology professor and labor expert at Vanderbilt University. What strikes Cornfield about the Boeing case is the company's silence over consequences if its workers unionize. "The company has not been threatening to relocate its operations in the event of a unionization," he said. "It is often the case that companies try to relocate outside of the United States to find cheaper labor and avoid U.S. unions altogether." Boeing may have abstained from those threats because of its huge South Carolina plant investment and billions of dollars in federal defense contracts the company does not want to risk. Cornfield said Trump's pressure on business to keep jobs in the U.S. could be "defanging large corporations in their efforts to resist unionization ... giving workers a leg up and unions a leg up in the campaign period." The union vote also comes after Trump blasted Boeing for the cost of building a new Air Force One. "Costs are out of control," Trump tweeted in early December. "Cancel order!" Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg met with Trump two weeks later. Catherine Templeton, South Carolina's former labor director and successful anti-union lawyer, is no stranger to this fight. When Haley picked Templeton to lead South Carolina's labor department, the governor played up Templeton's union-fighting background and saying she needed her help to "fight the unions" at Boeing. "They cannot legally deliver higher wages, better benefits or a different working environment. Even if they are promising it, they certainly can't deliver it," Templeton said. On Monday, several hundred Boeing employees gathered in a hotel ballroom just a mile from the plant, hearing from activists and members of other unions urging them to vote "yes." "Suppressing working people is the old way of doing business in South Carolina," Machinists organizer Mike Evans said, to cheers. "It's not going to be this way anymore." ___ This story has been corrected to show that 52,000 South Carolina workers have union representation, rather than 1,900. ___ Dalesio reported from Raleigh, North Carolina. ___ Kinnard can be reached at http://twitter.com/MegKinnardAP . Read more of her work at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/meg-kinnard/ . Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. FindTheCompany | Graphiq Tags Wire Business General News Labor Unions Labor Issues Social Issues Social Affairs Production Facilities Corporate News Aerospace And Defense Industry Industrial Products And Services Government And Politics × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. loading... POPULAR IN THIS SECTION Rural Bangor aquaponics facility grows tilapia and produce for sale year-round Steve Cahalan: Hallmark store in Valley View Mall to close Drivers see higher premiums after not-at-fault crashes Senate confirms former wrestling exec McMahon to lead SBA Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Nasdaq Composite Index Value Over Time | FindTheCompany S&P 500 Value Over Time | FindTheCompany News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Home» Feeds» Canadian Press» World FILE - In this Tuesday, Feb. 16, 2016 file photo, An engine and part of a wing from the 100th 787 Dreamliner to be built at Boeing of South Carolina's North Charleston, S.C., facility are seen outside the plant. The morning round of voting has concluded Wednesday, Feb. 15, 2017, among South Carolina Boeing workers considering if they want representation by a union. Nearly 3,000 production workers are eligible to vote in the election to determine if they'll be represented by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. (Brad Nettles/The Post and Courier via AP, File) FILE - In this Tuesday, Feb. 16, 2016 file photo, An engine and part of a wing from the 100th 787 Dreamliner to be built at Boeing of South Carolina's North Charleston, S.C., facility are seen outside the plant. The morning round of voting has concluded Wednesday, Feb. 15, 2017, among South Carolina Boeing workers considering if they want representation by a union. Nearly 3,000 production workers are eligible to vote in the election to determine if they'll be represented by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. (Brad Nettles/The Post and Courier via AP, File) Boeing union bid fails in South averse to organizing Add to ... Meg Kinnard NORTH CHARLESTON, S.C. — The Associated Press Published Wednesday, Feb. 15, 2017 4:15AM EST Last updated Thursday, Feb. 16, 2017 3:20AM EST Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Production workers at Boeing's South Carolina plant have rejected an effort to unionize, maintaining Southern reluctance toward unionization and setting up a picture-perfect stop for President Donald Trump, who visits the facilities this week. Vote totals weren't immediately available Wednesday, but the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers' lead organizer said it's "the workers who dictate what happens next." National Labor Relations Board rules require workers wait a year before another union vote. Wednesday's balloting came just two days before Trump was slated to make the first visit by a sitting president to the sprawling North Charleston complex, where Boeing makes the 787 Dreamliner. On Friday, Trump is coming to town for the rollout of the first 787-10 model. The presidential visit marks a photo finish for Boeing, which for weeks vigorously campaigned against the Machinists' effort. Billboards, radio and television ads blanketed the Charleston area, arguing to employees why they should not surrender their rights to the union. In its campaign, Boeing didn't threaten to move its operations abroad if workers unionized — a tactic that often surfaces when collective bargaining efforts arise — perhaps abstaining from those threats because of its huge South Carolina plant investment and billions of dollars in federal defence contracts the company does not want to risk. Trump himself engaged with the company during the presidential campaign, blasting Boeing for the cost of building a new Air Force One. "Costs are out of control," Trump tweeted in early December. "Cancel order!" Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg met with Trump two weeks later. If successful, the balloting on whether employees should join the union would have sent a significant message to politicians in the region and Washington that workers here want the same protections and benefits as those in other areas. And, to leaders trying to recruit businesses by promoting their states' lack of union presence, it'd it would have made their jobs more difficult. But this most recent test of Southern acceptance of collective bargaining movements was an uphill battle for the union and its backers. The global aviation giant, which came to South Carolina in part because of the state's minuscule union presence, did so with the aid of millions of dollars in state assistance made possible by officials who spoke out frequently and glowingly with anti-union messages. "It is an economic development tool," Gov. Nikki Haley, now President Donald Trump's ambassador to the United Nations, said in a 2012 address of how she sold companies on coming to the state. "We'll make the unions understand full well that they are not needed, not wanted and not welcome in the state of South Carolina." At least that part of the tactic has worked. Only about 52,000 South Carolina workers have union representation, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics' 2016 figures. Other major manufacturers in the state, including BMW and Michelin, aren't unionized or haven't experienced major campaigns to do so. The Machinists initially petitioned for a vote at Boeing in 2015 but withdrew the request because of what the union called a toxic atmosphere and political interference. Another facet of union opposition in this heavily Republican state is political, given the longstanding relationship between organized labour and Democratic politics. Any lenience toward unions could be seen as giving Democrats a toehold in the state. Southern states for decades have recruited manufacturers by promising freedom from the influences of labour unions, which except for some textile mills have been historically rejected by workers as collective action culturally foreign to a South built around family farms, said Jeffrey Hirsch, a law professor who specializes in labour relations at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. Asked earlier Wednesday about the vote, South Carolina Gov. Henry McMaster said he didn't feel unions were needed in the state, where Boeing and other companies have been successful, and where, he feels, workers are generally happy. "I think we're doing just fine without a union presence," he said. In a statement, Boeing vice-president and general manager Joan Robinson-Berry was already looking toward Trump's visit, the first by a sitting president to the company's North Charleston facilities. "It is great to have this vote behind us as we come together to celebrate that event," she said. ___ Emery Dalesio contributed to this report from Raleigh, North Carolina. ___ Kinnard can be reached at http://twitter.com/MegKinnardAP . Read more of her work at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/meg-kinnard/ . This content appears as provided to The Globe by the originating wire service. It has not been edited by Globe staff.   BA-NBoeing Co Latest Price$169.30 0.00 (0.00%) Updated February 15 4:00 PM EST. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. Topics The Boeing Company United States of America Donald Trump NLRB Volkswagen AG International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers Air Force One Mike Evans Nikki Haley South Carolina Charleston, West Virginia Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » News Watch as White House spokesman Sean Spicer flubs Justin Trudeau's name in briefing Report on Business Carrick Talks Money: Who has the best deals on high rate savings accounts? Report on Business This tiny Toronto house sold for $370,000 over asking Sports New breeds debut at the Westminster Dog Show News Trump and Netanyahu praise each other at joint news conference News Trump calls leaks 'illegal' and 'unfair' in defence of former national security adviser Flynn Report on Business Fed will likely raise interest rates: Yellen Life Rumor becomes top dog at Westminster show News Trudeau and Trump share handshake in Oval Office Report on Business U.S. firms in China change their tune on trade Report on Business 'Yellen trade' keeps world stocks riding high Technology India launches record 104 satellites in one go ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Globe Investor Workers in the ‘gig’ economy face challenges in saving for retirement Report on Business Marijuana industry searches for large spaces to grow crops More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business MasterCard Canada reaches deal with small-business group to lower fees Life Eugene Melnyk launches campaign to shorten organ transplant wait times Most popular Fighting Trump’s ban to honour a ‘legacy of light and laughter and love’ CBC radio personality and Vinyl Cafe host Stuart McLean dead at 68 Feb. 16: Your daily horoscope Stuart McLean's bent vision Conservatives argue motion to condemn Islamophobia impacts freedom of speech X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
News Sports Business Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Business February 15, 2017 9:05 PM Boeing workers maintain South's anti-unionization history FILE - In this Tuesday, Feb. 16, 2016 file photo, An engine and part of a wing from the 100th 787 Dreamliner to be built at Boeing of South Carolina's North Charleston, S.C., facility are seen outside the plant. The morning round of voting has concluded Wednesday, Feb. 15, 2017, among South Carolina Boeing workers considering if they want representation by a union. Nearly 3,000 production workers are eligible to vote in the election to determine if they'll be represented by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. The Post and Courier via AP, File Brad Nettles i By MEG KINNARD Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story NORTH CHARLESTON, S.C. Production workers at Boeing's South Carolina plant voted Wednesday not to join the Machinists, maintaining southern reluctance toward unionization. Vote totals weren't immediately available. Under NLRB rules, workers must wait a year before another union vote. In a statement, Machinists organizer Mike Evans said the union was disappointed with the vote but vowed to stay in close touch with Boeing workers to figure out next steps. "Ultimately it will be the workers who dictate what happens next," Evans said. "We've been fortunate enough to talk with hundreds of Boeing workers over the past few years. Nearly every one of them, whether they support the union or not, have improvements they want to see at Boeing. Frankly, they deserve better." The vote among nearly 3,000 workers preceded by two days a visit by President Donald Trump to attend the rollout of the first Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner from the aircraft maker's campus. If successful, the balloting on whether employees should join the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers would have sent a significant message to politicians in the region and Washington that workers here want the same protections and benefits as those in other areas. And, to leaders trying to recruit businesses by promoting their states' lack of union presence, it'd it would have made their jobs more difficult. But this most recent test of Southern acceptance of collective bargaining movements was an uphill battle for the union and its backers. The global aviation giant, which came to South Carolina in part because of the state's minuscule union presence, did so with the aid of millions of dollars in state assistance made possible by officials who spoke out frequently and glowingly with anti-union messages. "It is an economic development tool," Gov. Nikki Haley, now President Donald Trump's ambassador to the United Nations, said in a 2012 address of how she sold companies on coming to the state. "We'll make the unions understand full well that they are not needed, not wanted and not welcome in the state of South Carolina." At least that part of the tactic has worked. Only about 52,000 South Carolina workers have union representation, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics' 2016 figures. Other major manufacturers in the state, including BMW and Michelin, aren't unionized or haven't experienced major campaigns to do so. The Machinists initially petitioned for a vote at Boeing in 2015 but withdrew the request because of what the union called a toxic atmosphere and political interference. Another facet of union opposition in this heavily Republican state is political, given the longstanding relationship between organized labor and Democratic politics. Any lenience toward unions could be seen as giving Democrats a toehold here. Southern states for decades have recruited manufacturers by promising freedom from the influences of labor unions, which except for some textile mills have been historically rejected by workers as collective action culturally foreign to a South built around family farms, said Jeffrey Hirsch, a law professor who specializes in labor relations at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. A successful union vote at Boeing would have had a greater regional impact than Volkswagen workers' efforts to unionize in Chattanooga, Tennessee. Anti-union advocates cited VW as an aberration since representatives of one of its key unions in Germany hold seats on the company's board of directors, Hirsch said. "Boeing is very, very different," Hirsch said. "No one will ever accuse Boeing of being pro-union." Boeing didn't threaten to move its operations abroad if workers unionized, perhaps abstaining from those threats because of its huge South Carolina plant investment and billions of dollars in federal defense contracts the company does not want to risk. The union vote also came after Trump blasted Boeing for the cost of building a new Air Force One. "Costs are out of control," Trump tweeted in early December. "Cancel order!" Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg met with Trump two weeks later. Catherine Templeton, South Carolina's former labor director and successful anti-union lawyer, is no stranger to this fight. When Haley picked Templeton to lead South Carolina's labor department, the governor played up Templeton's union-fighting background and saying she needed her help to "fight the unions" at Boeing. "They cannot legally deliver higher wages, better benefits or a different working environment. Even if they are promising it, they certainly can't deliver it," Templeton said. Asked earlier Wednesday about the vote, South Carolina Gov. Henry McMaster said he didn't feel unions were needed in this state, where Boeing and other companies have been successful, and where, he feels, workers are generally happy. "I think we're doing just fine without a union presence," he said. In a statement emailed to reporters, Boeing vice president and general manager Joan Robinson-Berry was already looking toward Trump's visit, the first by a sitting president to the company's North Charleston facilities. "It is great to have this vote behind us as we come together to celebrate that event," she said. ___ This story has been corrected to show that 52,000 South Carolina workers have union representation, rather than 1,900. ___ Emery Dalesio contributed to this report from Raleigh, North Carolina. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Business Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:04 Protesters, supporters clash at President Donald Trump protest in Tampa Pause 1:19 Marlins' submariner Ziegler on his pitching style 1:19 Trump says he gets along well with Japanese prime minister 3:19 Spoelstra says Heat got back to identity in win over Rockets 1:11 Whiteside on All-Star snub: 'I would have loved for a center to represent the East.' 2:10 Dragic on his knack for drawing fouls on threes 2:30 Tyler Johnson on Hassan Whiteside: "He's Whiteout." 2:21 MIA holds important emergency drill 1:07 Florida lawmakers want to reform school assessment schedule 0:49 Report: Marlins have ‘handshake agreement’ to sell team Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 19 days ago Are you up for the Challenge? 0:42 19 days ago Are you up for the Challenge? 1:05 19 days ago Norwegian's Free At Sea - January 2017 0:41 a month ago Pollo Tropical looks to get back on top View more video Business How to buy a home in South Florida now Miami vs. Airbnb: City proposes partial short-term rental ban and strict regulations It may look real, but scene at MIA was an emergency drill Waterfront mansion with 2-story water slide sells in Miami Beach for $22.5M Oceania cruises adds more Cuba trips from Miami with multiple stops on the island Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Expert Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Expert Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Expert Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Expert Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: Workforce•Improper Payments•First 100 Days•FBI•Mike Causey•Multimedia Gallery Headlines Get Email Alerts Business News Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Boeing workers maintain South's… Boeing workers maintain South’s anti-unionization history By MEG KINNARD February 15, 2017 9:03 pm 4 min read Share NORTH CHARLESTON, S.C. (AP) — Production workers at Boeing’s South Carolina plant voted Wednesday not to join the Machinists, maintaining southern reluctance toward unionization. Vote totals weren’t immediately available. Under NLRB rules, workers must wait a year before another union vote. In a statement, Machinists organizer Mike Evans said the union was disappointed with the vote but vowed to stay in close touch with Boeing workers to figure out next steps. “Ultimately it will be the workers who dictate what happens next,” Evans said. “We’ve been fortunate enough to talk with hundreds of Boeing workers over the past few years. Nearly every one of them, whether they support the union or not, have improvements they want to see at Boeing. Frankly, they deserve better.” Some feds miss out on pay raise as salary compression worsens The vote among nearly 3,000 workers preceded by two days a visit by President Donald Trump to attend the rollout of the first Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner from the aircraft maker’s campus. Advertisement If successful, the balloting on whether employees should join the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers would have sent a significant message to politicians in the region and Washington that workers here want the same protections and benefits as those in other areas. And, to leaders trying to recruit businesses by promoting their states’ lack of union presence, it’d it would have made their jobs more difficult. But this most recent test of Southern acceptance of collective bargaining movements was an uphill battle for the union and its backers. The global aviation giant, which came to South Carolina in part because of the state’s minuscule union presence, did so with the aid of millions of dollars in state assistance made possible by officials who spoke out frequently and glowingly with anti-union messages. “It is an economic development tool,” Gov. Nikki Haley, now President Donald Trump’s ambassador to the United Nations, said in a 2012 address of how she sold companies on coming to the state. “We’ll make the unions understand full well that they are not needed, not wanted and not welcome in the state of South Carolina.” At least that part of the tactic has worked. Only about 52,000 South Carolina workers have union representation, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics’ 2016 figures. Other major manufacturers in the state, including BMW and Michelin, aren’t unionized or haven’t experienced major campaigns to do so. The Machinists initially petitioned for a vote at Boeing in 2015 but withdrew the request because of what the union called a toxic atmosphere and political interference. Another facet of union opposition in this heavily Republican state is political, given the longstanding relationship between organized labor and Democratic politics. Any lenience toward unions could be seen as giving Democrats a toehold here. Southern states for decades have recruited manufacturers by promising freedom from the influences of labor unions, which except for some textile mills have been historically rejected by workers as collective action culturally foreign to a South built around family farms, said Jeffrey Hirsch, a law professor who specializes in labor relations at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. A successful union vote at Boeing would have had a greater regional impact than Volkswagen workers’ efforts to unionize in Chattanooga, Tennessee. Anti-union advocates cited VW as an aberration since representatives of one of its key unions in Germany hold seats on the company’s board of directors, Hirsch said. “Boeing is very, very different,” Hirsch said. “No one will ever accuse Boeing of being pro-union.” Boeing didn’t threaten to move its operations abroad if workers unionized, perhaps abstaining from those threats because of its huge South Carolina plant investment and billions of dollars in federal defense contracts the company does not want to risk. The union vote also came after Trump blasted Boeing for the cost of building a new Air Force One. “Costs are out of control,” Trump tweeted in early December. “Cancel order!” Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg met with Trump two weeks later. Catherine Templeton, South Carolina’s former labor director and successful anti-union lawyer, is no stranger to this fight. When Haley picked Templeton to lead South Carolina’s labor department, the governor played up Templeton’s union-fighting background and saying she needed her help to “fight the unions” at Boeing. “They cannot legally deliver higher wages, better benefits or a different working environment. Even if they are promising it, they certainly can’t deliver it,” Templeton said. Asked earlier Wednesday about the vote, South Carolina Gov. Henry McMaster said he didn’t feel unions were needed in this state, where Boeing and other companies have been successful, and where, he feels, workers are generally happy. “I think we’re doing just fine without a union presence,” he said. In a statement emailed to reporters, Boeing vice president and general manager Joan Robinson-Berry was already looking toward Trump’s visit, the first by a sitting president to the company’s North Charleston facilities. “It is great to have this vote behind us as we come together to celebrate that event,” she said. ___ This story has been corrected to show that 52,000 South Carolina workers have union representation, rather than 1,900. ___ Emery Dalesio contributed to this report from Raleigh, North Carolina. ___ Kinnard can be reached at http://twitter.com/MegKinnardAP . Read more of her work at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/meg-kinnard/ . Topics: Business News U.S. News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Boeing workers maintain South's… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Today in History 1933: FDR escapes assassination in Miami Photos of the amazing, moving, important and amusing things happening in the federal community. Fed Photo of the Day National Guard assists tornado cleanup A daily update of important moments in the history of the U.S. government. Recommended White House prepping government reorg executive order Top Story Labor Department employees get their wish as Puzder withdraws First 100 Days 2020 Census among new additions to GAO High-Risk List Hearings/Oversight Tracking the bills facing the federal workforce, at a glance Legislation Half of agency supervisors say they’re confident they could remove ‘bad apples’ Management Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Marketing Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Partners & Events Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2016 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
Skip to content Menu Local News Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Business Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Login Subscribe Business Nation & World Boeing workers maintain South’s anti-unionization history Originally published February 15, 2017 at 1:11 am Updated February 15, 2017 at 6:05 pm FILE – In this Tuesday, Feb. 16, 2016 file photo, An engine and part of a wing from the 100th 787 Dreamliner to be built at Boeing of South Carolina’s North Charleston, S.C., facility are seen outside the plant. (Brad Nettles/The Post and Courier via AP, File) Share story By MEG KINNARD The Associated Press NORTH CHARLESTON, S.C. (AP) — Production workers at Boeing’s South Carolina plant voted Wednesday not to join the Machinists, maintaining southern reluctance toward unionization. Vote totals weren’t immediately available. Under NLRB rules, workers must wait a year before another union vote. In a statement, Machinists organizer Mike Evans said the union was disappointed with the vote but vowed to stay in close touch with Boeing workers to figure out next steps. “Ultimately it will be the workers who dictate what happens next,” Evans said. “We’ve been fortunate enough to talk with hundreds of Boeing workers over the past few years. Nearly every one of them, whether they support the union or not, have improvements they want to see at Boeing. Frankly, they deserve better.” The vote among nearly 3,000 workers preceded by two days a visit by President Donald Trump to attend the rollout of the first Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner from the aircraft maker’s campus. Most Read Stories Disappearance of Seattle-based crab boat, crew a ‘mystery’ T-Mobile one-ups Verizon’s new unlimited data plan; 4Q results top forecasts Cellphone of admitted UW shooter outside Milo Yiannopoulos event was wiped clean, records show Getting richer: Is your neighborhood one of Seattle's hot spots for rising wages? | FYI Guy More rain on way, as Seattle may be headed to wet-weather record  VIEWUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. If successful, the balloting on whether employees should join the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers would have sent a significant message to politicians in the region and Washington that workers here want the same protections and benefits as those in other areas. And, to leaders trying to recruit businesses by promoting their states’ lack of union presence, it’d it would have made their jobs more difficult. But this most recent test of Southern acceptance of collective bargaining movements was an uphill battle for the union and its backers. The global aviation giant, which came to South Carolina in part because of the state’s minuscule union presence, did so with the aid of millions of dollars in state assistance made possible by officials who spoke out frequently and glowingly with anti-union messages. “It is an economic development tool,” Gov. Nikki Haley, now President Donald Trump’s ambassador to the United Nations, said in a 2012 address of how she sold companies on coming to the state. “We’ll make the unions understand full well that they are not needed, not wanted and not welcome in the state of South Carolina.” At least that part of the tactic has worked. Only about 52,000 South Carolina workers have union representation, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics’ 2016 figures. Other major manufacturers in the state, including BMW and Michelin, aren’t unionized or haven’t experienced major campaigns to do so. The Machinists initially petitioned for a vote at Boeing in 2015 but withdrew the request because of what the union called a toxic atmosphere and political interference. Another facet of union opposition in this heavily Republican state is political, given the longstanding relationship between organized labor and Democratic politics. Any lenience toward unions could be seen as giving Democrats a toehold here. Southern states for decades have recruited manufacturers by promising freedom from the influences of labor unions, which except for some textile mills have been historically rejected by workers as collective action culturally foreign to a South built around family farms, said Jeffrey Hirsch, a law professor who specializes in labor relations at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. A successful union vote at Boeing would have had a greater regional impact than Volkswagen workers’ efforts to unionize in Chattanooga, Tennessee. Anti-union advocates cited VW as an aberration since representatives of one of its key unions in Germany hold seats on the company’s board of directors, Hirsch said. “Boeing is very, very different,” Hirsch said. “No one will ever accuse Boeing of being pro-union.” Boeing didn’t threaten to move its operations abroad if workers unionized, perhaps abstaining from those threats because of its huge South Carolina plant investment and billions of dollars in federal defense contracts the company does not want to risk. The union vote also came after Trump blasted Boeing for the cost of building a new Air Force One. “Costs are out of control,” Trump tweeted in early December. “Cancel order!” Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg met with Trump two weeks later. Catherine Templeton, South Carolina’s former labor director and successful anti-union lawyer, is no stranger to this fight. When Haley picked Templeton to lead South Carolina’s labor department, the governor played up Templeton’s union-fighting background and saying she needed her help to “fight the unions” at Boeing. “They cannot legally deliver higher wages, better benefits or a different working environment. Even if they are promising it, they certainly can’t deliver it,” Templeton said. Asked earlier Wednesday about the vote, South Carolina Gov. Henry McMaster said he didn’t feel unions were needed in this state, where Boeing and other companies have been successful, and where, he feels, workers are generally happy. “I think we’re doing just fine without a union presence,” he said. In a statement emailed to reporters, Boeing vice president and general manager Joan Robinson-Berry was already looking toward Trump’s visit, the first by a sitting president to the company’s North Charleston facilities. “It is great to have this vote behind us as we come together to celebrate that event,” she said. ___ This story has been corrected to show that 52,000 South Carolina workers have union representation, rather than 1,900. ___ Emery Dalesio contributed to this report from Raleigh, North Carolina. ___ Kinnard can be reached at http://twitter.com/MegKinnardAP . Read more of her work at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/meg-kinnard/ . MEG KINNARD Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story Dutch bank ABN Amro sees profits grow in fourth quarter Previous Story Softbank adds Fortress Investment to growing empire Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Your Morning Brief will arrive every weekday morning. Back to the story
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Boeing workers maintain South's anti-unionization history Meg Kinnard, Associated Press Associated PressFebruary 16, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share FILE - In this Tuesday, Feb. 16, 2016 file photo, An engine and part of a wing from the 100th 787 Dreamliner to be built at Boeing of South Carolina's North Charleston, S.C., facility are seen outside the plant. The morning round of voting has concluded Wednesday, Feb. 15, 2017, among South Carolina Boeing workers considering if they want representation by a union. Nearly 3,000 production workers are eligible to vote in the election to determine if they'll be represented by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. (Brad Nettles/The Post and Courier via AP, File) More NORTH CHARLESTON, S.C. (AP) -- Production workers at Boeing's South Carolina plant voted Wednesday not to join the Machinists, maintaining southern reluctance toward unionization. Vote totals weren't immediately available. Under NLRB rules, workers must wait a year before another union vote. In a statement, Machinists organizer Mike Evans said the union was disappointed with the vote but vowed to stay in close touch with Boeing workers to figure out next steps. "Ultimately it will be the workers who dictate what happens next," Evans said. "We've been fortunate enough to talk with hundreds of Boeing workers over the past few years. Nearly every one of them, whether they support the union or not, have improvements they want to see at Boeing. Frankly, they deserve better." The vote among nearly 3,000 workers preceded by two days a visit by President Donald Trump to attend the rollout of the first Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner from the aircraft maker's campus. If successful, the balloting on whether employees should join the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers would have sent a significant message to politicians in the region and Washington that workers here want the same protections and benefits as those in other areas. And, to leaders trying to recruit businesses by promoting their states' lack of union presence, it'd it would have made their jobs more difficult. But this most recent test of Southern acceptance of collective bargaining movements was an uphill battle for the union and its backers. The global aviation giant, which came to South Carolina in part because of the state's minuscule union presence, did so with the aid of millions of dollars in state assistance made possible by officials who spoke out frequently and glowingly with anti-union messages. "It is an economic development tool," Gov. Nikki Haley, now President Donald Trump's ambassador to the United Nations, said in a 2012 address of how she sold companies on coming to the state. "We'll make the unions understand full well that they are not needed, not wanted and not welcome in the state of South Carolina." At least that part of the tactic has worked. Only about 52,000 South Carolina workers have union representation, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics' 2016 figures. Other major manufacturers in the state, including BMW and Michelin, aren't unionized or haven't experienced major campaigns to do so. The Machinists initially petitioned for a vote at Boeing in 2015 but withdrew the request because of what the union called a toxic atmosphere and political interference. Another facet of union opposition in this heavily Republican state is political, given the longstanding relationship between organized labor and Democratic politics. Any lenience toward unions could be seen as giving Democrats a toehold here. Southern states for decades have recruited manufacturers by promising freedom from the influences of labor unions, which except for some textile mills have been historically rejected by workers as collective action culturally foreign to a South built around family farms, said Jeffrey Hirsch, a law professor who specializes in labor relations at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. A successful union vote at Boeing would have had a greater regional impact than Volkswagen workers' efforts to unionize in Chattanooga, Tennessee. Anti-union advocates cited VW as an aberration since representatives of one of its key unions in Germany hold seats on the company's board of directors, Hirsch said. "Boeing is very, very different," Hirsch said. "No one will ever accuse Boeing of being pro-union." Boeing didn't threaten to move its operations abroad if workers unionized, perhaps abstaining from those threats because of its huge South Carolina plant investment and billions of dollars in federal defense contracts the company does not want to risk. The union vote also came after Trump blasted Boeing for the cost of building a new Air Force One. "Costs are out of control," Trump tweeted in early December. "Cancel order!" Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg met with Trump two weeks later. Catherine Templeton, South Carolina's former labor director and successful anti-union lawyer, is no stranger to this fight. When Haley picked Templeton to lead South Carolina's labor department, the governor played up Templeton's union-fighting background and saying she needed her help to "fight the unions" at Boeing. "They cannot legally deliver higher wages, better benefits or a different working environment. Even if they are promising it, they certainly can't deliver it," Templeton said. Asked earlier Wednesday about the vote, South Carolina Gov. Henry McMaster said he didn't feel unions were needed in this state, where Boeing and other companies have been successful, and where, he feels, workers are generally happy. "I think we're doing just fine without a union presence," he said. In a statement emailed to reporters, Boeing vice president and general manager Joan Robinson-Berry was already looking toward Trump's visit, the first by a sitting president to the company's North Charleston facilities. "It is great to have this vote behind us as we come together to celebrate that event," she said. ___ This story has been corrected to show that 52,000 South Carolina workers have union representation, rather than 1,900. ___ Emery Dalesio contributed to this report from Raleigh, North Carolina. ___ Kinnard can be reached at http://twitter.com/MegKinnardAP . Read more of her work at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/meg-kinnard/ . Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Trump now owns Obamacare 7524 messages3%65%32% The Last Diet You'll Ever Need The Mayo Clinic DietSponsored Justin Bieber might have thrown shade at The Weeknd Mom Says This Photo Shows the Ghost of Her Son Watching Over His Twin 1169 messages3%78%19% Police brutality protests in Paris suburbs 44 messages2%69%29% The No. 1 Stock to Own for 2017 Banyan HillSponsored Inside one of world's largest mermaid convention's fin-tastic weekend ‘Deadliest Catch’ Family Joins in Mourning the Loss of Bering Sea Brothers Aboard the F/V Destination 507 messages8%63%29% Melania Trump Is ‘Miserable’ as First Lady, ‘Unhappy With How Her Life Ended Up’ 3578 messages4%57%39% Celebs That Now Work Regular Jobs College FreakzSponsored Scarlett Johansson Talks About the Challenges of Monogamy After Splitting With Romain Dauriac 3971 messages6%71%23% Photos of the day - February 15, 2017 24 messages4%92%4% Questions surround Trump associates' reported communications with Russia Bradley Coopers Ex-Wife's Warning For New Fiancée Trend ChaserSponsored A crush of crises all but buries the young Trump White House 6466 messages4%57%39% 'I don't believe in fake news': 'Morning Joe' host explains why she barred Kellyanne Conway from the show 14383 messages5%57%38% Trump now owns Obamacare STEVE: 35 days and Trump owns Obamas mess that Obama created in 8 years? You have to pass the bill to read the bill? Really? Join the Conversation 1 / 5 7.5k Yahoo-ABC News Network Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
Subscribe Login Slight chance of snow / Tonight's low: 26° The Gazette 2014 Pulitzer Prize Winner News Sports Business Politics Opinion Life A&E Obits Shopping About Us Popular Top Local News U.S. & World Crime & Justice Weather Graduations Closings & Delays Military Education Colorado Politics Special Interest Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic The Cheyenne Edition The Woodmen Edition Submit a news tip Colorado bill eliminating death penalty fails on party-line vote as emotions run high Southwest Colorado Springs residents keep up pressure to reject affordable housing project Archives Subscriber Benefits Search Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Employment Opportunities Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Report an Issue Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Popular Top Sports Stories Olympics David Ramsey Paul Klee Woody Paige Brent Briggeman Blog Joe Paisley Blog Paul Klee Blog Pro Teams Broncos Avalanche Rockies Sky Sox Switchbacks FC Nuggets College Teams Air Force Academy Colorado College UCCS Preps Coverage Preps Peak Performers Preps Game of the Week Vista Ridge's Jeff Flippen sheds 50 pounds to make state wrestling weight Popular Top Business Stories Economic Indicators Movers & Shakers Get a Job Monday Ted Rayburn Resources Leading Lawyers Leading Medical Professionals Fort Carson to host job fair Thursday Better Business Bureau warns consumers about online Colorado Springs retailer Popular Top Life Stories Out There Travel Home & Garden Food Health Faith & Values Parenting Around Town My Colorado Pets Advertising Special Sections OutThereColorado.com Nonprofit News Think Pink Celebrate Pulse Heart Health Month Stroke Awareness Month Business Spotlight White House chef a premier culinary position Trader Joe's portobello mushroom fries and 3 more food finds worth seeking Popular GO! Top Entertainment ColoradoSprings.com Best of the Springs Dining & Drink Restaurant Reviews Discover Guide Cinema Guide Pop Culture Beer Map Fun Comics/Puzzles Horoscopes Celebs TV Billy Bob Thornton and the Boxmasters to make stop near Colorado Springs TV Preview - 10 takeaways from the ‘Billions’ season 2 premiere Popular Top Editorials Guest Editorial Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Blogs Popular Top Politics Election 2016 Local/County State Colorado Politics Photos Top Images The Latest Best of Local Best of Sports Videos Top Videos Best of Local Best of Sports Best of Life Best of Military Features Government Videos A&E Videos Blogs Business Spotlight Eric Singer Air Force basketball's Sid Tomes on breakout game Pikes Peak region forecast Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Deals Circulars Jobs Deal of the Day Real Estate Garage Sales Shop for Cars Legal Notices Classifieds Merchandise Dogs Rentals Service Directory Springs Coupons Various/Misc. Post an ad Toggle navigation Home Account Login Register Search Google Survey FAQ Contact Us Contact Contact Us Become a Carrier Carrier Portal Employment Opportunities Report an Issue Mobile Apps Archives Subscriber Benefits News Local News Local News Top Local headlines Crime & Justice Government Elections Military Education Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic Closings & Delays Submit a News Tip U.S. & World U.S. & World Sports Sports Top Sports Headlines David Ramsey Paul Klee Broncos Peyton Manning Nuggets Avs Rockies Sky Sox Switchbacks FC Air Force Academy Colorado College Olympics Preps OutThere Colorado Business Business Top Business Headlines Local Stocks Wall Street Journal Economic Indicators Opinion Opinion Top Editorial Guest Editorial Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Life Life Top Life Headlines OutThere Colorado Travel Home & Garden Dining & Drink Beer Map Food Health Faith & Values Parenting My Colorado Around Town Pets A&E A&E Top A&E Headlines Entertainment Best of the Springs Discover Guide ColoradoSprings.com Cinema Guide Celebrity News T.V. Comics & Puzzles Horoscopes Colorado Politics Video & Photo Top Videos Videos News Videos Sports Videos Life Videos Military Videos Government Videos A&E Videos Business Spotlight Eric Singer Top Photos Photos View Photos Buy Photos Most Recent Videos Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Coupons and Deals Deal of the Day Circulars Springs Coupons Marketplace Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds Classifieds Garage Sales Legal Notices Merchandise Real Estate Rentals Service Directory Various/Misc. Post an ad Colorado Springs News, Sports & Business | Colorado Springs Gazette, News News: Local News Colorado bill eliminating death penalty fails on party-line vote as emotions run high Wed, Feb 15, 2017 - 10:06 PM 0 An effort to eliminate the death penalty in Colorado was rejected by a legislative committee Wednesday night after an emotional hearing. The effort from... El Paso County prosecutors seeking death penalty for first time in a decade BLAME: After dubious initial investigation, sisters spur reopening of Colorado cold-case Wed, Feb 15, 2017 - 7:59 AM 0 Editor's note: Blame is a collaboration between 9NEWS Denver and The Gazette. Part 2 of 3. Julie Evenson walked through the door into the lobby of the Lincoln County... BLAME: Accident or Murder? Questions abound in Colorado cold-case death News: Local News Colorado Springs cyclists applaud downtown plan that would impact drivers Wed, Feb 15, 2017 - 7:35 PM 0 In a few months, downtown Colorado Springs will become more walkable and bike-friendly. The prospect was cheered by many in the local biking community... Colorado mother of 4 takes refuge in church to avoid deportation Wed, Feb 15, 2017 - 5:10 PM 0 CENTENNIAL — A Mexican woman seeking to avoid deportation is taking refuge in a Denver church... Southwest Colorado Springs residents keep up pressure to reject affordable housing project Wed, Feb 15, 2017 - 10:43 PM 0 Opposition to a planned affordable housing project in the Broadmoor Bluffs neighborhood remained... Latest Local 1-year-old Boulder girl missing for three days is found with dad in Oklahoma; mom still missing By: The Denver Post - 8 hr ago Colorado has 834 million dead trees; fires could get worse By: DAN ELLIOTT, Associated Press - 8 hr ago Woman breaks Pueblo County jail window while attempting to contact love interest on Valentine's Day By: Ellie Mulder - 8 hr ago Colorado Democrats end Republican effort to curb fetal-tissue research programs By: Peter Marcus - 9 hr ago Ex-Fort Carson soldier sentenced to life without parole in escort slaying By: Lance Benzel - 9 hr ago Fountain police to hold 'Coffee with a Cop' event By: Rachel Riley - 9 hr ago Small Colorado Springs charter high school wins Distinguished Improvement Award By: Debbie Kelley - 9 hr ago Top Stories Malaysia arrests 2nd suspect in North Korean's death By: EILEEN NG, Associated Press - 4 hr ago Vista Ridge's Jeff Flippen sheds 50 pounds to make state wrestling weight By: Brent W. New - 5 hr ago IRS won’t withhold tax refunds if Americans ignore ACA insurance requirement By: Amy Goldstein, The Washington Post - 8 hr ago Puzder withdraws nomination to be Trump's labor secretary By: LAURIE KELLMAN and CATHERINE LUCEY, Associated Press - 9 hr ago WATCH: Trump slams intel officials, media over Flynn and Russia By: JULIE PACE, AP White House Correspondent - 9 hr ago WATCH: Ohio officers pepper-spraying a person in a restraint chair — again By: Peter Holley, The Washington Post - 10 hr ago Astronomers find 60 new planets, including a 'super Earth' By: Mary Bowerman, USA Today - 15 hr ago <p>Your browser does not support IFrame Embeds, please update your browser to view this gallery</p> Photo Galleries Looking for a new car? Here are top 10 vehicles stuck on dealer lots 13 free things to see and do in and around Colorado Springs Harrison 70, Mitchell 65 A Look Back Chancellor Pam Shockley-Zalabak: Through the Years at UCCS Cripple Creek Ice Festival 2017 Peak Performers 2016-17 DU 5 - CC 1 4A state girls swimming finals Lewis Palmer at 5A State Swimming Finals 9 places to have a romantic Valentine's Day dinner around Colorado Springs Boys basketball: Widefield 75, Mitchell 57 Top 11 most desirable places to live in the U.S. Girls basketball: Rampart 46, Liberty 41 11 best places to live in the U.S. A Look Back A wicked good time: Pikes Peak Patriots fans celebrate Super Bowl LI Patriots vs. Falcons: Best of Super Bowl LI 2017 PPAC/4A Metro Girls Swim Championships Air Force vs. Wyoming men's basketball Stand with Our Muslim and Immigrant Neighbors Rally Cheyenne Mountain vs. Aspen Ice Hockey Our 15 favorite football movies of all time Frosty, foggy morning in Colorado Springs National Letter of Intent Day Our favorite romantic movies for Valentine's Day A Look Back Touch-A-Truck Event Introducing ColoradoPolitics.com, driving the state's political conversation every day Latest Local 3 hr ago Colorado Springs Republican takes offense at being called 'half Latino" by Democrat 6 hr ago Robert Kennedy grandson pleads guilty in Aspen bar fight 6 hr ago Wary White House reportedly sizing up Hickenlooper for 2020 presidential race 6 hr ago Man killed in avalanche while snowbiking in NW Colorado ID'd 7 hr ago Muslim ban opponents ask federal judge to allow DIA protests without advance permit 7 hr ago Departing UCCS chancellor saw change from commuter school to major university 7 hr ago Attack on homeless couple in Colorado Springs was unprovoked, court documents show Most Read BLAME: Accident or Murder? Questions abound in Colorado cold-case death Whole Foods closing Colorado Springs store amid stiffer competition Bernice Abeyta, who spent 31 years searching for missing Colorado Springs son, dies without answers Body found in northern Colorado Springs Zio's restaurant closes its doors in northwest Colorado Springs Louisville rocked by 52 overdose calls in just 32 hours A full moon, lunar eclipse and comet all in one night? Here’s how to watch it Friday. Shots fired, woman dragged as car stolen from garage of Colorado Springs home EDITORIAL: Everyone wants to live in Colorado Springs Woman killed after vehicle runs stop sign in north Colorado Springs Sports 3 hr ago Wednesday's prep roundup: Vista Ridge locks up PPAC as coach Joe Hites notches win No. 400 3 hr ago Freshman Sid Tomes breaks out for Air Force in lopsided loss 3 hr ago David Ramsey: Courtney Shepherd obeys coach, pushes Lewis-Palmer girls to massive upset 4 hr ago CSU looked into Larry Eustachy's behavior in 2013-14 4 hr ago Wiggins' 40 points leads T-Wolves over Nuggets 4 hr ago Liberty family hockey trio laces it up for one last time at home 4 hr ago Fourteen tough first-round state wrestling matchups Business 1 min ago Puzder withdrawal stark example of rough start for Trump WH 5 min ago Boeing union bid fails in South averse to organizing 5 min ago Senate to confirm Trump budget chief 14 min ago Colorado warms to pot clubs, despite federal uncertainty 15 min ago House GOP batting around options for revamping health law 24 min ago Asian stocks mixed on upbeat US data, rate hike expectations 1 hr ago Fire alarm, protests disrupt ex-pharma exec Shkreli's talk Opinion 11 hr ago GUEST COLUMN: Give Colorado's neediest kids a chance to succeed right now 16 hr ago EDITORIAL: Two Colorado bills would defend property rights from activists' threats 16 hr ago LETTERS: Peaceful assembly gone; judge allowed to retire Wed, Feb 15, 2017 LETTERS: Support law enforcement; cutting wasteful spending Tue, Feb 14, 2017 EDITORIAL: Visualize marketing Colorado Springs as a city with a purpose Mon, Feb 13, 2017 LETTERS: Repeal Obamacare now; poor choice for Cabinet position Sun, Feb 12, 2017 EDITORIAL: Stop symbols of hate, but be consistent Around the Web 5 hr ago Little Caesars founder quietly paid Rosa Parks' rent for years 8 hr ago American Girl to sell its first-ever boy doll 10 hr ago WATCH: Ohio officers pepper-spraying a person in a restraint chair — again 10 hr ago Republicans explore curbing the Endangered Species Act 15 hr ago Astronomers find 60 new planets, including a 'super Earth' 16 hr ago Kate Upton goes topless for her third 'SI' Swimsuit Edition cover 17 hr ago Denver’s homicides hit a 10-year high in 2016 after domestic violence killings spiked Latest Videos Pikes Peak region forecast Trump Slams Intel Officials, Media Over Flynn Maggie Tibbitt anchored the 200 medley relay Must See Must Do Weekend to-do list for Colorado Springs This week in Go! Homeless cleanup in Colorado Springs means moving day New and improved Colorado Springs Switchbacks team you need to meet! Huge Colorado Springs Switchbacks Announcement The Westminster Dog Show Welcomes New Breeds Homeless Camp about to be cleared out in Colorado Springs Raw: Video Shows Water Gush Through Dam Spillway Artists of ice return for 10th Annual Cripple Creek Ice Festival Sports Latest Sports Wednesday's prep roundup: Vista Ridge locks up PPAC as coach Joe Hites notches win No. 4003 hr ago Freshman Sid Tomes breaks out for Air Force in lopsided loss3 hr ago David Ramsey: Courtney Shepherd obeys coach, pushes Lewis-Palmer girls to massive upset4 hr ago CSU looked into Larry Eustachy's behavior in 2013-144 hr ago Broncos Siemian, Lynch start offseason even but will another arrive?Wed, Feb 8, 2017 Paul Klee: Allegations complicate feelings on Denver Broncos head coach Vance JosephWed, Feb 8, 2017 Woody Paige: Manning, Brady and 8 more reasons the past sports year was the bestWed, Feb 8, 2017 Broncos' McCoy glad to go back to calling plays, if not the shotsTue, Feb 7, 2017 Photo Galleries Peak Performers 2016-17 DU 5 - CC 1 4A state girls swimming finals Lewis Palmer at 5A State Swimming Finals Boys basketball: Widefield 75, Mitchell 57 Girls basketball: Rampart 46, Liberty 41 A wicked good time: Pikes Peak Patriots fans celebrate Super Bowl LI Patriots vs. Falcons: Best of Super Bowl LI 2017 PPAC/4A Metro Girls Swim Championships Air Force vs. Wyoming men's basketball Cheyenne Mountain vs. Aspen Ice Hockey Our 15 favorite football movies of all time National Letter of Intent Day CC shuts out North Dakota 3-0 Doherty 61, Liberty 53 Opinion Gazette Editorials EDITORIAL: Two Colorado bills would defend property rights from activists' threats16 hr ago EDITORIAL: Visualize marketing Colorado Springs as a city with a purposeTue, Feb 14, 2017 EDITORIAL: Stop symbols of hate, but be consistentSun, Feb 12, 2017 EDITORIAL: Everyone wants to live in Colorado SpringsSat, Feb 11, 2017 Letters to the Editor LETTERS: Peaceful assembly gone; judge allowed to retire16 hr ago LETTERS: Support law enforcement; cutting wasteful spendingWed, Feb 15, 2017 LETTERS: Repeal Obamacare now; poor choice for Cabinet positionMon, Feb 13, 2017 LETTERS: Worldwide efforts of the Red Cross; stance against terrorismSun, Feb 12, 2017 Columns GUEST COLUMN: Give Colorado's neediest kids a chance to succeed right now11 hr ago GUEST COLUMN: Trump's presidency will benefit students in ColoradoSat, Feb 11, 2017 GUEST COLUMN: Colorado energy industry prioritizes safetyFri, Feb 10, 2017 FAGIN: 'Hiring freeze' will accomplish nothingThu, Feb 9, 2017 Local News Local News Colorado Springs Republican takes offense at being called 'half Latino" by Democrat3 hr ago Wary White House reportedly sizing up Hickenlooper for 2020 presidential race6 hr ago Man killed in avalanche while snowbiking in NW Colorado ID'd6 hr ago Muslim ban opponents ask federal judge to allow DIA protests without advance permit7 hr ago Local and State Politics Colorado Springs Republican takes offense at being called 'half Latino" by Democrat3 hr ago Wary White House reportedly sizing up Hickenlooper for 2020 presidential race6 hr ago Colorado Democrats end Republican effort to curb fetal-tissue research programs9 hr ago Would-be Colorado Springs City Council candidate gets $11,000 in donations but fails to get 50 required signatures9 hr ago Local Business Better Business Bureau warns consumers about online Colorado Springs retailer13 hr ago Fort Carson to host job fair ThursdayTue, Feb 14, 2017 Colorado College alumna taking over Big Idea competitionTue, Feb 14, 2017 Get a Job Monday: Get a Phenomenal career with Phenomenal Construction and RemodelingMon, Feb 13, 2017 More Top Reads Nation and World Colorado warms to pot clubs, despite federal uncertainty14 min ago 2 women with foreign passports arrested in N. Korean's death22 min ago North Koreans, in eye of storm, fete leader's birthday33 min ago Cardinal sent to Guam to investigate sex abuse claims37 min ago Military Boeing union bid fails in South averse to organizing6 min ago Oliver scores 25 to help Nevada rebound at Air Force, 78-594 hr ago Boeing workers maintain South's anti-unionization history6 hr ago The Latest: Boeing workers reject efforts to unionize plant6 hr ago Blogs RAPID REACTION: Falcons lose, but find something productive in the process5 hr ago 15 Colorado College players garner National Collegiate Hockey Conference all-academic honors12 hr ago TV Preview - 10 takeaways from the ‘Billions’ season 2 premiereTue, Feb 14, 2017 World's first cannabis-funded scholarship program accepting applicationsMon, Feb 13, 2017 Crime and Justice Local Crime Robert Kennedy grandson pleads guilty in Aspen bar fight6 hr ago Attack on homeless couple in Colorado Springs was unprovoked, court documents show7 hr ago Woman breaks Pueblo County jail window while attempting to contact love interest on Valentine's Day8 hr ago Fremont County Sheriff's Office lieutenant suspended after decades-old allegation of 'intimate relationship' with student emerges11 hr ago National Crime Father accused of throwing 7-month-old son from bridgeTue, Feb 14, 2017 Man convicted of stealing $500K in cigarettes from warehouseTue, Feb 14, 2017 Jerry Sandusky's son Jeffrey arrested on child sex chargesMon, Feb 13, 2017 Republican green-card holder who voted illegally in Texas gets 8 years in prisonSun, Feb 12, 2017 Life Life AROUND TOWN: Heart Ball a 'Midwinter Night's Dream' to remember in Colorado Springs9 hr ago Trader Joe's portobello mushroom fries and 3 more food finds worth seeking15 hr ago Colorado Springs area cooking classes and events starting Feb. 15, 2017Wed, Feb 15, 2017 Small sandwiches add up to a worthy meal22 hr ago Arts and Entertainment Pikes Pick: New album from indie rockers Dr. Dog worth a listen11 hr ago Pikes Picks: 'Hamilton' mixtape for your ears; 'Ultimate Beastmaster' on your TV11 hr ago Must See Must Do: Stargazing, a film fest and a 1920s party this weekend in the Pikes Peak region11 hr ago Pikes Pub: Firkin Rendezvous in Colorado Springs draws beer fans, creators11 hr ago Religion Trump retains LGBT State Department official, frustrating Christian conservatives10 hr ago Jewish groups dismayed by Trump’s response to anti-Semitism question10 hr ago Pope appears to back native tribes in Dakota Pipeline conflict10 hr ago Why America needs Marvel superhero Kamala Khan now more than ever10 hr ago National National Politics Colorado Springs Republican takes offense at being called 'half Latino" by Democrat3 hr ago Wary White House reportedly sizing up Hickenlooper for 2020 presidential race6 hr ago Colorado police defeat forfeiture oversight proposal7 hr ago Muslim ban opponents ask federal judge to allow DIA protests without advance permit7 hr ago National Business Puzder withdrawal stark example of rough start for Trump WH1 min ago Boeing union bid fails in South averse to organizing5 min ago Senate to confirm Trump budget chief5 min ago Colorado warms to pot clubs, despite federal uncertainty14 min ago Get the Newsletter The latest breaking news, delivered straight to your email! Subscribe Get a Subscription Access all of our premium content, get unlimited digital access and more! Subscribe Follow our Facebook Get real time news updates Follow × Login Required You must be logged in to post a comment. If you already have an account, login here: Login New user? Register Now Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Work For Us Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Gazette.com Coloradosprings.com Gazettepreps.com Best of the Springs My Colorado OutThereColorado.com Privacy Policy Terms of Service © 2017 Produced by Colorado Springs Gazette
rediff.com Rediff Business News Business Movies Sports Get Ahead  rediff NewsApp  NewsApp (Free)Read news as it happens Available on   Sign in  |  Create a Rediffmail account Rediff News  All News  Rediff.com  » Business » Do Boeing, GE have US permission to Make in India? Do Boeing, GE have US permission to Make in India? February 15, 2017 13:29 IST Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar says global aircraft makers will have to get approval from their own governments to transfer technology and build jets in India. Alnoor Peermohamed reports from the Aero India show. IMAGE: Indian Air Force Commandoes exit a Lockheed Martin C-130J-30 Super Hercules after its induction ceremony at Hindan Air Force Station in Uttar Pradesh. Lockheed Martin has offered to transfer its Fort Worth, Texas, production line to India and make the latest Block-70 of F-16 fighters. Photograph: Adnan Abidi/Reuters. Trump govt taking fresh look at F16 sale to India: Lockheed   India has mandated that global aircraft makers such as Lockheed Martin and Boeing get approvals of their governments to transfer technology and build jets with a local partner in India, if they are to bid for the country's single-engine fighter requirement. "The product which I want to buy, I want it to be made in India. Export to a third nation is an additional bonus. If someone wants to shift a facility to India it's their choice, or they wants to assemble a new one. I am no way concerned with it," said Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar after inaugurating the biennial Aero India show on Tuesday. "If they're proposing something, their government has to give them in-principle approval so that they can quote it to me. If something is not given or someone has not given it to them, then they cannot give a quote to me," he said, but did not clarify whether a request for proposal has been issued. Parrikar was responding to queries on US President Donald Trump's push for Make in America, to revive US manufacturing and generate local jobs. In October, India floated a request for information to global jet makers to partner with Indian companies and jointly bid to sell single-engine fighters for the Indian Air Force. The contest is different from the 126 medium multi-role combat aircraft, which was finalised with a 36-plane order from France's Rafale, which will begin delivery from September 2019. Lockheed Martin has offered to transfer its Fort Worth production line to India and make the latest Block-70 of F-16 fighters. Saab, which makes the Gripen fighter, has not only offered to help with Mark-1 and Mark-2 of India's light combat aircraft Tejas, but also co-develop the advanced medium combat aircraft, which the Defence Research and Development Organisation plans to develop. Independently, the Indian Navy has floated a tender to supply and produce 57 twin-engine carrier-borne fighters, for which Boeing has expressed interest to participate with its F-18 twin-engine planes. It opted to buy from the global market after it publicly rejected the navy version of the Tejas, saying it was overweight and would not meet its requirements. Parrikar also reiterated the country's stand that 100 per cent foreign direct investment (FDI) in defence in select areas would be allowed only to bridge technology gaps, than a blanket approval. "Suppose someone comes to manufacture engines, which we don't have technology in, I will definitely consider it. 100 per cent FDI in areas where I do not have any expertise, I will definitely consider it. What's the point of getting stuck and continuing to import?" he said. 'Make in India for defence must not be our goal' IMAGE: Tejas, India's first locally-built Light Combat Aircraft, before its induction into the IAF at the Hindustan Aeronautics Limited Airport in Bengaluru in 2016. The Tejas fighter has been powered by the GE-404 engine since its development. Photograph: Abhishek N Chinnappa/Reuters. GE requires a US government approval to collaborate on military programmes before its Bengaluru team can work on the jet engine programme. Raghu Krishnan reports. General Electric (GE) has delivered two qualified 414 engines to be tested on the planned home-grown Tejas Mk-2 single engine fighter and is looking to collaborate with India to build engines for the proposed advanced medium-combat aircraft. The Tejas fighter has been powered by the GE-404 engine since its development and the Indian Air Force plans to induct over 120 planes with the same engine. So far, India has ordered around 100 engines for the fighter from GE and plans to buy more engines in the coming years. The single engine fighter being developed by the Aeronautical Development Agency (ADA), a DRDO unit, will undergo an upgrade with more features that requires a more powerful engine and GE has been tasked to supply its GE-414 engine. "The first two engines are for flight test. They are ready to go as and when the plane is ready. We are committed to deliver six more engines," said Mark Pearson, who leads the military engine programme for GE. Pearson is betting on the over 700 engineers who work on design and take charge of manufacturing parts of GE's commercial aero engines, at its India centre in Bengaluru, to push for local co-development of the engine for AMCA, which ADA is developing. India has begun preliminary design work on the stealth aircraft, but has not launched a programme officially. GE is looking to partner with ADA, but it also requires a US government approval to collaborate on military programmes before its Bengaluru team can work on the jet engine programme. The Bengaluru team has worked on the GE-9D engine that powers the Boeing 777 planes and the engine that powers the A380 aircraft. It is also developing the 9X, which the local team in India is collaborating on for the replacement engine of Boeing 777-9D. "The foundation is already here built over 17 years," said Pearson. GE, which has a manufacturing facility in Pune whose 40 per cent contribution is engine components, says it could meet the mandated 50 per cent requirement of local production for defence contracts within India. "We can deliver on our commitments as and when we see more orders," said Alok Nanda, general manager, (India engineering operations) at GE. Beware India's enemies! 'IAF is expanding at a rapid pace' Alnoor Peermohamed and Raghu Krishnan Bengaluru Source: Tags: India, Aeronautical Development Agency, Manohar Parrikar, Bengaluru, Boeing Share this Write a Comment Print this article   ALSO READ MOST RECENT   MOST COMMENTED Why the CH-47F Chinook gives Indian pilots a high Why India's defence indigenisation is in a rut It's time to get real in US-India defence ties Reliance Defence to service US Navy's Seventh Fleet Check out what India is buying for its defence services! Palaniswami to be new CM of Tamil Nadu 'I sat at home for a year' Australia to get a feel of conditions in warm-up against India 'A' Good news for heart patients! Calls for Wenger to be replaced as Arsenal stare at another exit Humble Ambassador to become the 'Rolex of cars' It's confirmed! Apple is world's No 1 smartphone maker NSE's new boss to get ?8 cr pay 'Cultural differences' cat is out of Infosys bag Do Boeing, GE have US permission to Make in India? Moneywiz Live! Business emailOffice email AppDomain registrationWebsiteRediffmailMoneyCompany emailOnline ShoppingBooksGiftsVideosBlogsBuzz India Business News  |  Indian Stock Market News  |  Bollywood Movies  |  Indian Cricket News  |  India News  |  India Abroad Person of the Year 2013 © 2017 Rediff.com - Investors - Advertise - Disclaimer - Privacy - Careers - Feedback | Terms of use | India Abroad weekly ▲
Photos Videos Topics Live AFG 63/1 (16) - ZIM (Yet to bat) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Rahul Gandhi Sasikala Assembly Elections 2017 UP Elections 2017 Raees Home India US-India Business Council leads executive mission to Aero India 2017 Shares1 Wed, 15 Feb 2017-12:31pm , ANI The US-India Business Council led its delegation to Aero India 2017 in Bangalore, showcasing continuity in the defense and security partnership between the United States and India following designation of India as a ? The US-India Business Council led its delegation to Aero India 2017 in Bangalore, showcasing continuity in the defense and security partnership between the United States and India following designation of India as a ?Major Defense Partner?, which directs the US government to prioritize defense trade with India. The international delegation consisted of more than 20 senior executives from American aerospace and defense companies. It conducted a seminar on opportunities to integrate India into the global supply chain that included global expert Tom Captain of Deloitte. USIBC?s Executive Mission was led by George Standridge, Vice President for Strategy and Business Development for Lockheed Martin, and Tom Bell, Senior Vice President, Boeing. Senior executives representing America?s top defense companies, including Arconic, Telephonics, Raytheon, Honeywell, Harris Corporation, and Textron Systems are part of USIBC?s delegation. ?India is an important partner for US industry. With a presence in India for over 25 years, Lockheed Martin is pleased to participate alongside the US-India Business Council at Aero India 2017. This is an excellent venue to further discussions in support of Prime Minister Modi?s call to Make in India, and we are committed to sharing knowledge, skills, and technology, today and in the future,? said VP for Strategy and Business Development for Lockheed Martin Aeronautics, Mission co-lead, George Standridge. ?The US and Indian defense industries are poised to work collaboratively to position India as a major defense partner of the United States. Boeing is committed to facilitating the ecosystem for India?s defense industrial base in a manner that supports job growth in both countries,? said Senior Vice President of Global Sales and Marketing for Boeing Defense, Space and Security (BDS), Tom Bell. "As a 49 percent shareholder of the aerospace and defense focused operational joint venture Mahindra Telephonic Integrated Systems (MTIS) and OEM of strategic electronics integrated in numerous active rotary and fixed-wing military platforms in India for over 20 years, we are very excited to play a part in the US-India Business Council Delegation at Aero India 2017. It is an ideal venue to exchange lessons learned and showcase our commitment and progress supporting the Indian market and the Make in India initiative,? said Corporate Vice President for Telephonic Corporation, Hector F. Colon. ?We look forward to continue our effort with USIBC to strengthen the Make in India campaign and also foster the blossoming India-US Defense collaboration,? added Colon. USIBC?s Director of Aerospace and Defense, Ben Schwartz said, ?2017 should be an exciting year for the defense industry. We are hopeful that some key changes will take place that augur well for the bilateral partnership such as an agreement on communications security and the reform of defense offset management.? (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read India Watch: Poet captures what it is like to be an Indian Muslim today India Deadlock ends: Sasikala loyalist E Palaniswami to be new Tamil Nadu CM India 'Al-Qaeda using US preoccupation with Islamic State to spread to India' India BJP bets on man who ended its winning streak in Allahabad India Nagpur must be saved from BJP's grip, says Shiv Sena India Kolkata Police arrest three for vandalising private hospital Live Cricket Score Live AFG 63/1 (16) ZIM (Yet to bat) Full Scorecard | Commentary Video WATCH: John Oliver has a hilarious plan to 'educate' US President Donald Trump WATCH: Priyanka Chopra says "Bollywood has been reduced to a Zumba class" Watch: This video urges you to stop asking women to cover up View all Tags Lockheed Martin Aeronautics Business Development Senior Vice President United States Bangalore Ben Schwartz Harris Corporation Honeywell Prime Minister Raytheon Aero India Boeing Defense USIBC George Standridge Major Defense Partner Tom Bell BDS India-US defense Textron Systems Tom Captain SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Advertise Reprint Rights News Locals under pressure from militants to help them flee: CRPF French prosecutor keeps Fillon fake work probe open 2 poll officials killed as car falls into gorge in Ukhand Will not let AIADMK go into hands of Sasikala's family members Palaniswami likely to take oath as TN CM this evening Sport Biathlon-Kazakh team members cleared after tests return negative Wenger has experience to beat Arsenal slump, believes Ancelotti Soccer-Brilliant Bayern fire on all cylinders to out-gun Arsenal Is DRS good for the game? ICC's calculation on its success-rate will shock you Soccer-Only hard work can save Foxes from drop, says Pearson Entertainment Smurfs are teaming up with the UN! Here's why Big B gets nostalgic as he completes 48 yrs in Bollywood You won't believe how much the Robot 2.0 makers are spending to shoot the aerial stunt sequence! Diversity controversy did not impact nominations: Spencer Did Karisma Kapoor make her relationship with boyfriend Sandeep Toshniwal official to the Kapoor khandaan? Money RAL's JV with Rafale manufacturer Dassault Aviation TCS board to meet next week to consider share buyback Shemaroo,Hathway tie up to provide ad-free service on cable TV ABB India to deliver digital substation to Technopark Consultancy files complaints with Chinese government over McDonald's China sale Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Thursday, February 16, 2017 Login Register Subscribe Welcome Guest Account Settings Register Log out Navigation Editors’ Picks Weather Search This company coaches student athletes on the race to college Here's how craft breweries goose demand Why Caterpillar stays in Illinois Best New Restaurants for Business 2017 What if you could treat severe pain without narcotics? The tax man cometh . . . or not Bad debt from last boom haunts some landlords Price hikes have Allstate customers tapping the brakes For Illinois, there's only one way out of 'fiscal quicksand' × This company coaches student athletes on the race to college Here's how craft breweries goose demand Why Caterpillar stays in Illinois Best New Restaurants for Business 2017 What if you could treat severe pain without narcotics? The tax man cometh . . . or not Bad debt from last boom haunts some landlords Price hikes have Allstate customers tapping the brakes For Illinois, there's only one way out of 'fiscal quicksand' In this startup's case, it actually is brain surgery × Weather × Search News Economy Education Finance Health Care Law & Professional Services Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Consumer Goods Small Business Sports Technology Transportation Utilities Politics City and County Government Greg Hinz Rich Miller State and Federal Government Opinion & Columnists Editorial Editorial Cartoon Opinion Cahill on Business Ecker on Sports Hinz on Politics Kapos Takes Names Miller on Springfield Pletz on Tech Lifestyle & Dining Architecture & Style Arts & Culture Dining Gadgets & Tech Society & People Travel Wellness & Fitness Real Estate Special Reports All Lists Book of Lists Privately Held Publicly Held Fast 50 40 Under 40 20 in Their 20s Best Places to Work Who's Who Tech 50 Small Business Guide Coolest Offices This Week's Crain's Academy & Events Crain’s Academy Crain’s Events Advertise People on the Move February 14, 2017 By: BROOKE SUTHERLAND Hitting the brakes on Boeing As Boeing Co.'s shares soar higher, the ranks of analysts who have a more earthbound outlook on the stock is growing. On Monday, Richard Safran of Buckingham Research became at least the third analyst covering the jumbo-jet maker to say the stock is more likely to fall than continue its climb. A trio doesn't sound all that notable, but the percentage of Boeing's analyst universe with the equivalent of a "sell" outlook hasn't been this large since 2010, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Goldman Sachs Group Inc.'s Noah Poponak was the only publicly listed analyst tracked by Bloomberg with a bearish-leaning call for nearly a year before RBC's Matthew McConnell initiated coverage with an underperform rating in January.A larger number of analysts aren't willing to commit to a sell call, but they also don't see reason for Boeing's stock to go higher after a 55 percent gain over the past year. The number of "hold" and "sell" calls now outranks "buy" recommendations... To see the full article, subscribe or log in. Today's Crain's Get our daily roundup of important business news. Company Contact Us Crain’s Chicago Data Center Order Reprints Connect Subscribe to Crain’s Chicago Business Subscribe to Crain’s Free E-Newsletters Attend Crain’s Events Submit to People on the Move Advertise Advertise with Crain’s Crain’s Custom Media Opportunities Classified Advertising Privacy Policy • Terms of Service Copyright © 2017 Crain Communication, Inc.
STV MySTV STV Player News Competitions Scotland Glasgow & West Edinburgh & East Aberdeen & North Dundee & Tayside Stirling & Central Highlands & Islands UK International Politics Sport Features Entertainment Weather Home Entertainment Harrison Ford 'in near-miss with packed passenger jet' ITV 14 February 2017 Share via email Share via Facebook Share via Twitter Share via Whatsapp The Hollywood star reportedly nearly struck a Boeing after coming down to land in the wrong place. Ford apparently asked controllers: 'Was that airliner meant to be underneath me?' AP Harrison Ford narrowly missed striking a packed passenger jet carrying 116 people after getting confused over where he was supposed to land, according to reports. The Hollywood star, who holds a private pilot license, only just overshot the American Airlines plane after accidentally coming down on a taxiing lane instead of a runway in California, according to NBC News. He was reportedly then caught on air traffic recordings asking: "Was that airliner meant to be underneath me?" Ford's famed Star Wars character Han Solo would never be caught making such a basic error. But it was just the latest in a series of mishaps for the actor, who has repeatedly come to grief while flying his collection of vintage small planes. Officials work on the wreckage of a vintage plane crashed by Ford in 2015. AP Ford crashed a World War II era plane on a golf course in Los Angeles in 2015 after suffering engine problems. He also downed a helicopter in 1999 during a training session. However, Ford, who trained as a pilot in the 1950s, is generally considered to be an good pilot in flying circles. The passenger plane in the latest incident suffered no damage and was able to take off for Dallas as planned shortly afterwards. Ford may be left to answer a few questions though, as landing in a taxi lane breaches national regulations. An investigation into the accident has since reportedly been launched, which could hit the actor with sanctions up to the loss of his pilot's license. Share this article Share via email Share via Facebook Share via Twitter Share via Whatsapp Home Entertainment WHERE TO NOW? Player What's On TV News Sport Competitions Weather Appeal Follow Us On Google+ Follow Us On Twitter Join Us On Facebook About us Contact us Privacy Terms of Use Cookie Policy STV Group plc Copyright © 20072017 STV. All rights reserved. Cookie Info: To find out how to manage cookies, see our cookie policy. One account. All of STV. Close Please enter your email address to sign in or join. This field is required. That doesn't look like a valid e-mail format, please check. That e-mail's already in our system. Please try again. Welcome back! Wrong email? This field is required. That doesn't look like a valid e-mail format, please check. That e-mail's already in our system. Please try again. Password ShowHide Forgot password? This field is required. At least 6 characters please. Did you enter your details correctly? If you've forgotten your details then use the 'Forgot password?' link. Need to reset your password? We'll send a link to reset your password to Back We've sent you details on how to reset your password Please check your email and follow the instructions. Forgotten your email address? Have you forgotten the email address that you previously joined with? Don't worry, by emailing enquiries@stv.tv we can help. Back One account. All of STV. Close Glad you're joining us! Wrong email? This field is required. That doesn't look like a valid e-mail format, please check. That e-mail's already in our system. Please try again. First name This field is required. Please enter at least 2 characters Last name This field is required. Please enter at least 2 characters Password At least 6 characters please ShowHide This field is required. At least 6 characters please. Date of Birth You have to be 16 or over to join This field is required. This doesn't appear to be a valid date Address Why do we need this? Type your full postcode and select your address This field is required. It doesn't look like you've entered a valid postcode. Can't find your address? Confirm the details you've given us are correct by clicking here Now that you've joined STV, we'll be able to send you email updates about STV's programmes and services. If you don't want them, please tick this box. By continuing you agree to our Terms of Use, including our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy. Any issues contact us. Upload Profile Picture Close Please make sure your image is under 2mb in size and a valid JPG, PNG or GIF. Select file Cancel Are you sure? Close Unfortunately, you'll be unable to access our premium content. We’ll be sorry to see you go, but if you change your mind you can rejoin us at any time. Cancel Please verify your STV account Close Please verify your STV account using the email we sent you. If you have lost the email, we can send you another one, just click the button below. Thanks Close We've sent you a new verification email. Please check your email and follow the instructions to verify your account. Close Welcome to STV Thanks for joining us. Oops! Close Sorry, you must be at least 12 years old to place a vote for your Real Hero. Please review our Voting Terms of Use for more information. Close Oops! Close Sorry! It seems that you are using a browser that is incompatible with our voting service. To register your vote please copy the below URL in to your regular mobile browser. We recommend Google Chrome, or Safari. http://shows.stv.tv/real-heroes/voting Close Oops! × Sorry, you seem to have already voted in this category. Close Thanks for voting Close Now share your vote with friends on your social network Skip step Cast your vote Close Please register or sign in to continue. Register Sign in Cast your vote Close To submit your vote for , please enter your date of birth to help us confirm your eligibility. This field is required. This doesn't appear to be a valid date Cancel Cast your vote Close Please fill out this form to cast your vote. As you are under 16 years old you will not create an STV account. Why do we need these details? First name This field is required. Please enter at least 2 characters Last name This field is required. Please enter at least 2 characters Email address This field is required. That doesn't look like a valid e-mail format, please check. Location Please tick this box to confirm that you are a resident of the UK, Channel Islands or Isle of Man. This field is required. Parental Consent Please tick this box to confirm that you have received consent from a parent or guardian in order to complete this form and submit your vote. This field is required. That's you. All that's left is to click the 'Submit Vote' button below. By doing so, you confirm that you and your parent or guardian have read and accept our Voting Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Cookie policy, and that the details you have entered are correct. We'll look after them as carefully as if they were our own.
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 February 2017 by Military News Aviation News: Aviator from Jeppesen Integrates EFB Apps in Single Framework Englewood, Colo. | 14 Feb 2017 | By Jeppesen Jeppesen, a Boeing Company, today introduces Jeppesen Aviator – a new pilot resource suite that unites essential electronic flight bag (EFB) resources into an all-in-one app for mobile iOS and Windows devices. Aviator is a Jeppesen and Boeing collaboration that integrates typically independent EFB features into a single point of access that reduces pilot time spent with data entry and accessing individual apps. It also shares data between EFB functions to streamline workflows, reduce pilot head-down time, eliminate human errors and enhance operational efficiency. “Jeppesen Aviator is the result of a joint development process by Jeppesen and Boeing to understand customer needs related to EFB functionality provided in a single, unified flight deck resource,” said Tim Huegel, director, Jeppesen Flight Deck Solutions. “We look forward to introducing Aviator with our airline customers worldwide to highlight the advantages of a fully integrated pre-flight, in-flight and post-flight resource and continue to refine this dynamic solution for the next generation of EFB interaction.” Aviator combines multiple Jeppesen and Boeing EFB functions in a single framework for airline and military pilots, including: · Jeppesen FliteDeck Pro: the global standard for interactive airline and military enroute and terminal charting, digital navigation and other EFB functions. · Jeppesen Content Viewer: displays essential electronic document browser material from the airline or operator directly in Aviator, instead of through its own module. · Electronic Flight Folder: provides transmission of key day-of flight data, including weather and flight plan information. · Onboard Performance Tool: allows flight crews to calculate takeoff, landing and weight & balance functions, based on current weather and runway conditions. · Software Development Kit (SDK): allows for integration of Aviator with approved applications to expand an airline’s EFB suite across fleet and operations. Aviator features multiple sources of information redundancy, to ensure operational continuity and reduce the risk of grounded aircraft. This includes the digital navigation backup solution Trip Kit on Demand, backup stored flight plans and device-to-device synching to share flight plans, flight information and trip kits, ensuring the flight crew has the same information across their mobile devices.   Aviator also reduces the impact of user training requirements, through the common interface platform and familiar functionality across all Aviator features. Please see our product Web page for more information on Jeppesen Aviator. For further detail on the industry-leading navigation, operations, training and optimization solutions provided by Jeppesen, please visit www.jeppesen.com.        About Jeppesen For more than 80 years, Jeppesen has made it possible for pilots and their passengers to safely and efficiently reach their destinations. Today, this pioneering spirit continues as Jeppesen delivers transformative information and optimization solutions to improve the efficiency of air operations around the globe. Jeppesen is a Boeing subsidiary and part of the Digital Aviation business unit within Boeing Commercial Aviation Services. Boeing offers the industry’s largest portfolio of support and services solutions, providing customers a competitive advantage by solving real operational problems, enabling better decisions, maximizing efficiency and improving environmental performance – intelligent information solutions across the entire aviation ecosystem. Media Contact: Brian Rantala +1-303-328-4370 brian.rantala@jeppesen.com CategoriesUncategorized Tagsaircraft, Business, Companies, company, crew, fleet, Industry, military, post, Uncategorized, unit Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Second Lady Karen Pence Receives Courage Award Next PostNext Aeterna Zentaris Announces Zoptrex™ Presentation in Prostate Cancer at 2017 Genitourinary Cancers Symposium Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts 3 European Mutual Funds to Buy as Economy Revives Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&amp;P, Nasdaq Nab Streak Not Seen Since ’92 4 Zacks Rank #1 Mid-Cap Growth Funds to Buy Gibraltar Celebrates Opening of World Trade Center in the Face of Brexit Bullish Two Hundred Day Moving Average Cross – TEF Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 February 2017 by Military News Fulcrum Labs Launches First Adaptive, Personalized Prep Course for the FAA’s Airframe and Powerplant Certification Course Designed to Help Train and Prepare the Massive Number of Aviation Maintenance Technicians Needed Over the Next Two Decades Los Angeles, CA – February 14, 2017 – The aviation industry is on the verge of a major mechanic shortage, needing hundreds of thousands of technicians. While aviation schools are preparing students for the job, each technician entering the field must pass the FAA’s Airframe and Powerplant (A&P) Certification before being hired. Fulcrum Labs is answering the call by helping to better prepare students success in pass rates with its newly launched FAA A&P Certification Prep Course. It is the first test prep experience of its kind in this field that combines personalized, adaptive learning and predictive analytics to help aviation maintenance technicians prepare for the high-stakes test in the most convenient, effective and efficient way possible. The launch of Fulcrum’s training course could not come at a better time. Boeing forecasts that between now and 2035, the aviation industry will need to supply more than two million new aviation personnel, including 679,000 maintenance technicians over the next 20 years. Boeing goes on to say that meeting this demand will require innovative solutions, as well as new technologies and training methods to meet a wide range of learning styles. “Creating a test prep experience that not only fits into learners’ demanding schedules, but also engages them on an individual basis and produces better outcomes is a win-win,” said Patrick Weir, CEO of Fulcrum Labs. “Our methodologies eliminate the time intensive, one-size-fits-all test prep environment. Our analytics measure the exact depth and degree to which each concept has been mastered, helping learners pinpoint where they are achieving objectives, where they are struggling, and where they need to dedicate study time and resources. It’s a model aimed at giving learners a jumpstart on their career and helping the aviation industry meet its extraordinary demand.” Fulcrum Labs is revolutionizing the aviation training industry with its Personalized Adaptive Learning and Predictive Analytics (PALPA™) SaaS platform, giving learners the opportunity to tailor their test-prep experience, which greatly increases engagement and motivation. Fulcrum’s competency-based learning approach allows learners to unlock lessons at a pace and level that is right for them. In fact, Fulcrum’s go-at-your-own-pace approach has been shown to reduce test prep times by 20-50%. Curriculum for Fulcrum’s FAA A&P Certification Prep Course was developed by instructional designers and subject matter experts from the Aviation Institute of Maintenance. Aviation Institute of Maintenance VP of Operations, Dr. Joel English pointed out, “Our institution has built online courses for over a decade, but when it came to developing an online course that prepared students for a high stakes professional certification exam, we knew that we would need to turn to a technology company that could provide a high quality platform and create cutting edge educational content.  Fulcrum Labs is the perfect fit. Their courses are founded on a unique adaptive learning platform and all instruction is amplified through strikingly beautiful execution. The results are very encouraging.” The course covers everything a technician needs to know to pass the General, Airframe and Powerplant written tests. Learners can master material in discrete five-to seven-minute lessons. The course features 97 animated videos that explain complex theories, as well as real world test problems. Learners also have access to more than 1000 practice activities to help them get acquainted and comfortable with the test environment. About Fulcrum Labs Founded in 2014, Fulcrum Labs is an enterprise grade Personalized, Adaptive Learning and Predictive Analytics (PALPA™) SaaS platform designed for organizations tired of DIY instructional tools and death by PowerPoint. Fulcrum couples proven cognitive science and adaptive learning technology with the storytelling power of award-winning animators and production veterans to bring engaging content to the learning and development sector. Fulcrum Labs’ mission is to turn students and employees into learners and confident subject matter masters. For more information, please visit www.the-fulcrum.com. Press Release Service by Newswire.com Original Source: Fulcrum Labs Launches First Adaptive, Personalized Prep Course for the FAA’s Airframe and Powerplant Certification CategoriesUncategorized TagsCompanies, company, Environment, general, Industry, major, Science, service, Technology, Uncategorized, win, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious NeighborWorks America and EARN launch new technology and personal coaching partnership to encourage emergency savings and the development of lifelong savings habits Next PostNext The Conference Board Leading Economic Index® (LEI) for Mexico Increased Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts 3 European Mutual Funds to Buy as Economy Revives Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&amp;P, Nasdaq Nab Streak Not Seen Since ’92 4 Zacks Rank #1 Mid-Cap Growth Funds to Buy Gibraltar Celebrates Opening of World Trade Center in the Face of Brexit Bullish Two Hundred Day Moving Average Cross – TEF Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 February 2017 by Military News Fulcrum Labs Launches First Adaptive, Personalized Prep Course for the FAA’s Airframe and Powerplant Certification Course Designed to Help Train and Prepare the Massive Number of Aviation Maintenance Technicians Needed Over the Next Two Decades Los Angeles, CA, February 14, 2017 – The aviation industry is on the verge of a major mechanic shortage, needing hundreds of thousands of technicians. While aviation schools are preparing students for the job, each technician entering the field must pass the FAA’s Airframe and Powerplant (A&P) Certification before being hired. Fulcrum Labs is answering the call by helping to better prepare students success in pass rates with its newly launched FAA A&P Certification Prep Course. It is the first test prep experience of its kind in this field that combines personalized, adaptive learning and predictive analytics to help aviation maintenance technicians prepare for the high-stakes test in the most convenient, effective and efficient way possible. The launch of Fulcrum’s training course could not come at a better time. Boeing forecasts that between now and 2035, the aviation industry will need to supply more than two million new aviation personnel, including 679,000 maintenance technicians over the next 20 years. Boeing goes on to say that meeting this demand will require innovative solutions, as well as new technologies and training methods to meet a wide range of learning styles. Our institution has built online courses for over a decade, but when it came to developing an online course that prepared students for a high stakes professional certification exam, we knew that we would need to turn to a technology company that could provide a high quality platform and create cutting edge educational content. Dr. Joel English, VP of Operations, Aviation Institute of Maintenance “Creating a test prep experience that not only fits into learners’ demanding schedules, but also engages them on an individual basis and produces better outcomes is a win-win,” said Patrick Weir, CEO of Fulcrum Labs. “Our methodologies eliminate the time intensive, one-size-fits-all test prep environment. Our analytics measure the exact depth and degree to which each concept has been mastered, helping learners pinpoint where they are achieving objectives, where they are struggling, and where they need to dedicate study time and resources. It’s a model aimed at giving learners a jumpstart on their career and helping the aviation industry meet its extraordinary demand.” Fulcrum Labs is revolutionizing the aviation training industry with its Personalized Adaptive Learning and Predictive Analytics (PALPA™) SaaS platform, giving learners the opportunity to tailor their test-prep experience, which greatly increases engagement and motivation. Fulcrum’s competency-based learning approach allows learners to unlock lessons at a pace and level that is right for them. In fact, Fulcrum’s go-at-your-own-pace approach has been shown to reduce test prep times by 20-50%. Curriculum for Fulcrum’s FAA A&P Certification Prep Course was developed by instructional designers and subject matter experts from the Aviation Institute of Maintenance. Aviation Institute of Maintenance VP of Operations, Dr. Joel English pointed out, “Our institution has built online courses for over a decade, but when it came to developing an online course that prepared students for a high stakes professional certification exam, we knew that we would need to turn to a technology company that could provide a high quality platform and create cutting edge educational content.  Fulcrum Labs is the perfect fit. Their courses are founded on a unique adaptive learning platform and all instruction is amplified through strikingly beautiful execution. The results are very encouraging.” The course covers everything a technician needs to know to pass the General, Airframe and Powerplant written tests. Learners can master material in discrete five-to seven-minute lessons. The course features 97 animated videos that explain complex theories, as well as real world test problems. Learners also have access to more than 1000 practice activities to help them get acquainted and comfortable with the test environment. About Fulcrum Labs Founded in 2014, Fulcrum Labs is an enterprise grade Personalized, Adaptive Learning and Predictive Analytics (PALPA™) SaaS platform designed for organizations tired of DIY instructional tools and death by PowerPoint. Fulcrum couples proven cognitive science and adaptive learning technology with the storytelling power of award-winning animators and production veterans to bring engaging content to the learning and development sector. Fulcrum Labs’ mission is to turn students and employees into learners and confident subject matter masters. For more information, please visit www.the-fulcrum.com. Source: Fulcrum Labs CategoriesUncategorized TagsCompanies, company, Environment, general, Industry, major, Science, Technology, Uncategorized, win, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious The Brief: Is the EU-Turkey migrant deal as bad as Donald Trump’s wall? Next PostNext Zen Within Reach: Antelope Audio Takes Mobile Recording to New Heights with Zen Studio+ Portable Interface Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts 3 European Mutual Funds to Buy as Economy Revives Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&amp;P, Nasdaq Nab Streak Not Seen Since ’92 4 Zacks Rank #1 Mid-Cap Growth Funds to Buy Gibraltar Celebrates Opening of World Trade Center in the Face of Brexit Bullish Two Hundred Day Moving Average Cross – TEF Proudly powered by WordPress
News Sports Go Gamecocks Go Columbia Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Customer Service E-Edition About Us Contact Us Archive Search Photo Posters Obituaries News All News Local News Crime & Courts Business Politics Education Military State Nation/World Civil Rights Charleston Shootings Data, Weather and Traffic Databases Weather Traffic Politics All Politics The Buzz SC Salary Database GoGamecocks All GoGamecocks Football Recruiting Phil Kornblut Baseball Men's Basketball Women's Basketball Other Sports Columnists Josh Kendall David Cloninger Sports Sports GoGamecocks.com Clemson Tigers High School Sports College NFL NBA NASCAR MLB Golf Columnists Baxter's Blitz GoColumbia All GoColumbia Entertainment Celebrities Contests Events & Movies Events Calendar Movies Living All Living Food & Drink Pets Health Home & Garden Religion News Entertainment Books Social Place Announcement Features Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Special Sections Living Here Guide Opinion All Opinion Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter or Op-Ed Column Editorials Opinion Extra Columnists Cindi Ross Scoppe Robert Ariail Business Business National Business Technology Shop Around Shopping Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Virtual Career Fair Cars Homes Place an ad The Buzz February 14, 2017 2:01 PM White House: President Trump to visit SC Friday The Buzz A blog from The State's political team of Cassie Cope, Bristow Marchant, Jamie Self and Avery Wilks. facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:22 Rep. Joe Neal and his most memorable moments Pause 0:58 Frank Martin explains how to fix what ails the Gamecocks 1:50 Siblings mark grave of brother killed as a toddler 60 years earlier 4:07 Gamecocks react after loss to UConn 2:04 Protesters, supporters clash at President Donald Trump protest in Tampa 2:03 Highlights and postgame comments from Ridge View's win over Daniel 0:53 Hunter-Gatherer owner Kevin Varner explains how SC Senate proposal would help his business 1:58 Frank Martin: 'Our spirit is broken right now' 11:47 SC Rep. Joseph Neal argues for removing the Confederate battle flag from State House grounds 1:28 Richland deputies aim to mend relationships Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email Here are Donald Trump's most memorable moments from his 2016 campaign in South Carolina. Trump Olivier Douliery TNS 1 of 2 i By Jamie Self jself@thestate.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story President Donald Trump is coming to North Charleston to visit Boeing Friday. S.C. Gov. Henry McMaster, a Trump political ally, will join the president, the governor’s office confirmed. White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer confirmed Trump’s trip to the Palmetto State during a press briefing Tuesday. Trump’s trip is timed to the aircraft manufacturer’s unveiling of the stretched version of its 787 airplane. “This visit will give the president an opportunity to celebrate a huge milestone for thousands of workers at Boeing, America's No. 1 exporter in the millions of American workers involved in aerospace,” Spicer said. “This trip has been months in the making, and we're thrilled to celebrate the roll-out of this amazing plane.” The visit will be the first time a sitting president has been to Boeing’s North Charleston plant. McMaster’s appearance with Trump is not surprising. The Richland Republican was the first statewide office holder in the nation to endorse the bombastic billionaire reality-television star, helping Trump to win 33 percent of the votes in South Carolina’s crucial GOP primary, taking first place. McMaster also gave a nominating speech for Trump at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland last year. He became governor last month when Trump picked former Gov. Nikki Haley to be the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations. McMaster and his wife Peggy will be in Charleston Thursday, attending the preview of the 35th annual Southeastern Wildlife Exposition. Trump’s visit to Boeing comes a week after Trump expressed support for the U.S. Export-Import Bank, which helps Boeing sell planes overseas, according to Senate Democrats who met with the president. His trip also would follow Wednesday’s scheduled unionization vote for Boeing’s North Charleston production employees. Trump’s relationship with Boeing has been rocky. During the campaign, he predicted the airplane builder would move U.S. jobs to China. He also criticized Boeing for what he said were two excessively priced Boeing 747s that the company is building for the president to use as Air Force 1. Trump likely is stopping in Charleston before he heads to Florida for the third weekend in a row. Charleston International Airport is almost exactly half way between the White House in Washington, D.C., and Trump’s Mar-a-Lago resort, his new self-proclaimed winter White House. McClatchy reporter Anita Kumar contributed. Jamie Self: 803-771-8658, @jamiemself Related content Donald Trump's greatest South Carolina hits in 90 seconds LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story The Buzz Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:22 Rep. Joe Neal and his most memorable moments Pause 0:58 Frank Martin explains how to fix what ails the Gamecocks 1:50 Siblings mark grave of brother killed as a toddler 60 years earlier 4:07 Gamecocks react after loss to UConn 2:04 Protesters, supporters clash at President Donald Trump protest in Tampa 2:03 Highlights and postgame comments from Ridge View's win over Daniel 0:53 Hunter-Gatherer owner Kevin Varner explains how SC Senate proposal would help his business 1:58 Frank Martin: 'Our spirit is broken right now' 1:28 Richland deputies aim to mend relationships 3:27 HB2: A timeline for North Carolina’s controversial law Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a day ago SC Rep. Joseph Neal argues for removing the Confederate battle flag from State House grounds 11:47 a day ago SC Rep. Joseph Neal argues for removing the Confederate battle flag from State House grounds 1:43 15 hours ago Rep. Joe Neal on the environment, companies taking advantage of lax regulations 2:51 4 months ago Gov. Nikki Haley on challenges, pain and resilience in South Carolina View more video The Buzz SC Gov. McMaster not convinced gas-tax hike needed Charleston lawmakers ask McMaster to remove roads bank chairman Senate panel moves to open up SC brewery laws Rep. Joe Neal remembered as champion for underdogs Senate to vote on nomination of SC’s Mulvaney Thursday Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Special Sections Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Special Sections More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
THE MOSTCOMPREHENSIVEELECTION COVERAGE Uttar Pradesh Punjab Goa Uttarakhand Manipur The Search Meter Video diaries & live updates from the campaign trail Firstpost . Thursday, February 16, 2017Latest E-bookSwitch to हिन्दी Front Page Politics BMC Election 2017: A battle of words, not reforms between Uddhav and Fadnavis BJP has violated human rights, lacks sense of history: P Chidambaram Sasikala does not deserve sympathy: India needs stronger disqualification laws, including lifelong bans Arvind Kejriwal’s 'no truth' politics adds a new dimension to the 'post truth' era UP Election 2017: Narendra Modi, Akhilesh Yadav two sides of the same coin, says Owaisi Palaniswami new TN CM: Panneerselvam's rebellion reminiscent of 2015 Jitan Ram Manjhi impasse in Bihar Sports IPL 2017 auction: Delhi Daredevils must look to boost middle-order to change dwindling fortunes Eugenie Bouchard honours her Super Bowl Twitter bet, lucky fan wins 'dream date' Qatar Open: Dominika Cibulkova makes quarters, Garbine Muguruza ousted in her 2nd match of day India vs Australia: Jackson Bird as 3rd seamer in playing XI could help visitors' play to their strengths 'Arsenal in shambles': The best jokes, memes on Twitter after Bayern Munich's win in Champions League Hockey India League 2017: Dabang Mumbai book semifinal berth after narrow win over Delhi Waveriders India BMC Election 2017: A battle of words, not reforms between Uddhav and Fadnavis Isro launches 104 satellites: Indian space programme deserves kudos, says Chinese daily Isro's satellite launch: India emerges as 'key player' in global space race, notes foreign media India gets its heat index: IMD launches new map that tells you how hot it really is Travels of a political pilgrim: Should taxpayers be funding AMU’s imams, muezzins, theology department? Narendra Modi pays homage to soldiers who lost their lives in Kashmir encounter World Kim Jong-nam's murder: Seoul confirms victim killed in Malaysia was Kim Jong-un's brother Isro's satellite launch: India emerges as 'key player' in global space race, notes foreign media Israel-Palestine two-state solution: What comes after Donald Trump's ambiguous yet unsettling remarks? Russian spy ship spotted near US coast Hafiz Saeed contests travel ban, claims he's not a flight risk or a terrorist Lahore Mall Road blast: Death toll rises to 14 after suicide attack; facilitator arrested Business TCS stock hits 5-month high as investors cheer co's buyback plans Hope to make a difference as Tata Sons Chairman: N Chandrasekaran Why Nasscom is in no hurry to forecast: 5 factors that influence Indian IT’s uncertain mood Demonetisation 100 days: Did PM Modi miscalculate the idea from the very beginning? Mukesh Ambani says Donald Trump can be a blessing in disguise for India's IT players Exports rise for fifth straight month, up 4% to $22 bn in Jan; gold imports slip 30% Life The real Mrs Jinnah: New book offers insights into the life of misunderstood, fascinating Ruttie Petit Valentine's Day in India, despite the commercialisation, is also a way of pushing back Valentine's Day means more than just gifts, chocolate and flowers; there's a quiz too Beauty and the beasts: The cosmetics industry is cruel to animals, but you can make a difference Entertainment Kangana Ranaut on the Hrithik Roshan controversy: Luckily, I was not answerable to anyone Badrinath Ki Dulhania music review: This album has chart-buster written all over The Lego Batman Movie review: Insanely hilarious film is almost the Deadpool of the year Watch: IIT Roorkee students have a 'less lonely' version of Ed Sheeran's Shape of You The Ghazi Attack movie review roundup: Watch this film for production design, performances 'Dum Dum' from Phillauri: Anushka looks great, but why isn't Diljit Dosanjh singing for himself? Photos Videos Elections 2017 TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी You are here: Latest News Fwire News Boeing expects 737 MAX-9 to fly in April as larger version takes shape | Reuters ReutersFeb, 15 2017 00:00:08 IST #Reuters By Alwyn Scott | SEATTLE SEATTLE Boeing Co (BA.N) said on Tuesday it plans to fly its new 737 MAX-9 aircraft for the first time in April, a further sign the company will start delivering the large version of the workhorse plane in 2018.Delivery of the single-aisle 737 MAX models, which replace the current 737 "NG" introduced in 1997, is crucial for Boeing to hit the financial targets it has promised investors and to offset slowing output of some of its largest jets such as the 777 and 747. Airlines want the MAX because it burns significantly less fuel than current models. The world's largest plane maker is creating up to five MAX versions, while planning to increase output to 57 planes a month in 2019, from 42 a month at present. The first MAX model in production, known as the MAX-8, is on track to reach customers by mid-year."We are anticipating our certification of the airplane within a matter of days-weeks," Keith Leverkuhn, 737 general manager, said at a Monday briefing embargoed until Tuesday. The stamp of approval by the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration would come about a year after the MAX-8's first flight and allow Boeing to begin delivering the $110 million, 162-seat jetliner in the second quarter, he said. Deliveries trigger the bulk of airline payments. Norwegian Air Shuttle (NWC.OL) will be one of the first airlines to fly the plane commercially, likely ahead of launch customer Southwest Airlines Co (LUV.N), which was first to order the MAX but is taking longer to put it into service. Boeing expects the MAX to account for as much as 15 percent of the 500 or more 737s it expects to deliver in 2017, rising to nearly 100 percent by 2020.Boeing on Monday showed off the first 737 MAX-9 sitting near the end of the assembly line at its factory in Renton, Washington. The nearly completed jet, which carries a list price of $116.6 million and seats 178, will undergo about nine months of testing after first flight in April. MAX-10 TAKES SHAPE Boeing is mulling an even larger version, the 737 MAX-10, to take on rival Airbus (AIR.PA), which has had strong sales of its A321neo that is a larger competitor to the MAX-9. The MAX-10 would be 66 inches (1.68 m) longer than the MAX-9, with the same engine thrust. The major change will be the landing gear, which must be taller to accommodate the longer fuselage. Boeing expects to test various landing gear designs this year "to see which one ... is going to be the best solution," Leverkuhn said.Boeing is about 90 percent finished with design drawings for the smallest version, the 737 MAX-7. A high-density MAX-200, with seating for 200 passengers, rounds out the model line.Sales of Boeing's larger twin-aisle planes have slowed sharply and the company is cutting output of the profitable 777 by 40 percent this year. It will rely on the 737 and 787 to make up a large part of the financial difference.Introducing new models while increasing production rates requires Boeing to solve any factory issues quickly. So far, Leverkuhn said, "the hours to build the MAX are meeting our expectation." (Editing by Matthew Lewis) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. #Reuters Also See World food prices rise to near two-year high in January - U.N. FAO | Reuters Chahal sparks England collapse as India win T20 series | Reuters Germany says it's working at troubled Trump ties | Reuters May's Trump embrace galls Britain's EU allies ahead of Brexit - sources | Reuters Top Stories Palaniswami new TN CM: Panneerselvam's rebellion reminiscent of 2015 Jitan Ram Manjhi impasse in Bihar AIADMK Live: E Palaniswami is New CM of Tamil Nadu, Swearing-in Today Israel-Palestine two-state solution: What comes after Donald Trump's ambiguous yet unsettling remarks? IPL 2017 auction: Gujarat Lions must invest in a world-class bowler, quality Indian players to bolster squad Meeting a financial planner for first time? Here is a checklist Why Nasscom is in no hurry to forecast: 5 factors that influence Indian IT’s uncertain mood The Ghazi Attack movie review roundup: Watch this film for production design, performances Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Afghanistan in Zimbabwe, 5 ODI Series, 2017 Sri Lanka in South Africa, 5 ODI Series, 2017 South Africa beat Sri Lanka by 88 runs Bangladesh in India, Only Test, 2017 India beat Bangladesh by 208 runs Sri Lanka in South Africa, 5 ODI Series, 2017 South Africa beat Sri Lanka by 40 runs Chappell-Hadlee Trophy, 2017 New Zealand beat Australia by 24 runs Sri Lanka in South Africa, 5 ODI Series, 2017 South Africa beat Sri Lanka by 7 wickets Chappell-Hadlee Trophy, 2017 Match Abandoned England in India, 3 T20 International Series, 2016/17 India beat England by 75 runs Sri Lanka in South Africa, 5 ODI Series, 2017 South Africa beat Sri Lanka by 121 runs Chappell-Hadlee Trophy, 2017 New Zealand beat Australia by 6 runs South Africa in New Zealand, Only T20 International Series, 2017 NZ vs SA - Feb 17th, 2017, 11:30 AM IST Sri Lanka in Australia, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 AUS vs SL - Feb 17th, 2017, 02:10 PM IST South Africa in New Zealand, 5 ODI Series, 2017 NZ vs SA - Feb 19th, 2017, 06:30 AM IST Afghanistan in Zimbabwe, 5 ODI Series, 2017 ZIM vs AFG - Feb 19th, 2017, 01:00 PM IST Sri Lanka in Australia, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 AUS vs SL - Feb 19th, 2017, 01:50 PM IST Afghanistan in Zimbabwe, 5 ODI Series, 2017 ZIM vs AFG - Feb 21st, 2017, 01:00 PM IST South Africa in New Zealand, 5 ODI Series, 2017 NZ vs SA - Feb 22nd, 2017, 03:30 AM IST Sri Lanka in Australia, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 AUS vs SL - Feb 22nd, 2017, 02:20 PM IST Australia in India, 4 Test Series, 2017 IND vs AUS - Feb 23rd, 2017, 09:30 AM IST Afghanistan in Zimbabwe, 5 ODI Series, 2017 ZIM vs AFG - Feb 24th, 2017, 01:00 PM IST Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Cartoons Video Room eBooks Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India Budget 2017 Assembly Elections 2017 Weather E-Learning Franchise Opportunity Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of usePrivacy
Photos Videos Topics Live AFG 63/1 (16) - ZIM (Yet to bat) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Rahul Gandhi Sasikala Assembly Elections 2017 UP Elections 2017 Raees Home India Defence Minister Parrikar not worried about Trump's 'America First' policy Indian Defense Minister Manohar Parrikar, Indian Navy Chief Sunil Lanba, Indian Air Force Chief Birender Singh Dhanoa, and Indian Army Chief Bipin Rawat pose during the inaugural day of the 11th edition of Aero India, (AFP) Shares415 Wed, 15 Feb 2017-12:15am , PTI These companies can sign military contracts by quoting from any plant existing around the globe, says Parrikar. Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar on Tuesday said it was not his concern that some companies like Boeing and Lockheed Martin could find themselves torn between the slogans of "America First" of US President Donald Trump and "Make in India" of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. These companies can sign military contracts by quoting from any plant existing around the globe, he told reporters after inaugurating the five-day Aero India air show at Yelahanka airbase here. "These companies are multinational in all regards. They may have a plant in Europe. They may have plant in some other parts of the world. They may have a plant in the US. They can quote from any of these areas. So, it is not my concern and I do not worry about it much because interpretations are taken wrongly. "Let things be more clear but basically my requirement is the government has to agree to it, whichever government agrees to it," he said. Parrikar said he was nowhere concerned with restrictions, if any, on the movement of the companies from US to India. "If a company head wants to shift his facility from anywhere else it is his choice whether he sets up a new one. I am nowhere concerned if there is a restriction on some movement. As far as I am concerned, as of now, there is no so such issue. No one has written to me. I am only hearing it in the media," he added. Some industry experts have raised concern that Trump's push for "America First" rhetoric could intervene when the companies like Lockheed and Boeing go ahead with shifting of manufacturing units to India, responding to Modi's "Make In India" slogan. Parrikar said it is for the original equipment manufacturers, which provide technology and help strategic partner set up joint venture with Indian companies, to get approvals from their country. Meanwhile, Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapati Raju said the Airports Authority of India has decided to invest Rs 17,500 crore in the next five years for improving the existing airports. If the growth rate has to be sustained and taken forward, the country needs to innovate and invest, he said. "I am very happy that the Ministry of Defence has now partnered with civil aviation so that synergies of development help not only them but also our civil aviation because the sector is basically job creator," Raju said. He said the sector needs to increase connectivity within the country and hence the civil aviation ministry recently brought out the regional connectivity scheme. If the country is able to bring in 50 more active airports to the exiting 70-odd active airports, India can become the third largest civil aviation market in the world, the minister said. "Right now, we are ranked ninth. So we are working on it and trying to bring this synergy along with our defence synergy," he added. TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read India Watch: Poet captures what it is like to be an Indian Muslim today India Deadlock ends: Sasikala loyalist E Palaniswami to be new Tamil Nadu CM India 'Al-Qaeda using US preoccupation with Islamic State to spread to India' India BJP bets on man who ended its winning streak in Allahabad India Nagpur must be saved from BJP's grip, says Shiv Sena India Kolkata Police arrest three for vandalising private hospital Live Cricket Score Live AFG 63/1 (16) ZIM (Yet to bat) Full Scorecard | Commentary Related Buried under a swanky IGIA, hopes and future of 59 Dalit families Hardik Patel's security guard fined for carrying gun on flight from Udaipur airport Mixing locations by Air Traffic Controller led to planes' near collision at Delhi: AAI Video WATCH: John Oliver has a hilarious plan to 'educate' US President Donald Trump WATCH: Priyanka Chopra says "Bollywood has been reduced to a Zumba class" Watch: This video urges you to stop asking women to cover up View all Tags Airports Authority of India United States Donald Trump Manohar Parrikar Narendra Modi Boeing Lockheed Martin Europe Ministry of Defence Yelahanka Aero India Ashok Gajapati Raju America First Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Advertise Reprint Rights News Locals under pressure from militants to help them flee: CRPF French prosecutor keeps Fillon fake work probe open 2 poll officials killed as car falls into gorge in Ukhand Will not let AIADMK go into hands of Sasikala's family members Palaniswami likely to take oath as TN CM this evening Sport Biathlon-Kazakh team members cleared after tests return negative Wenger has experience to beat Arsenal slump, believes Ancelotti Soccer-Brilliant Bayern fire on all cylinders to out-gun Arsenal Is DRS good for the game? ICC's calculation on its success-rate will shock you Soccer-Only hard work can save Foxes from drop, says Pearson Entertainment Smurfs are teaming up with the UN! Here's why Big B gets nostalgic as he completes 48 yrs in Bollywood You won't believe how much the Robot 2.0 makers are spending to shoot the aerial stunt sequence! Diversity controversy did not impact nominations: Spencer Did Karisma Kapoor make her relationship with boyfriend Sandeep Toshniwal official to the Kapoor khandaan? Money RAL's JV with Rafale manufacturer Dassault Aviation TCS board to meet next week to consider share buyback Shemaroo,Hathway tie up to provide ad-free service on cable TV ABB India to deliver digital substation to Technopark Consultancy files complaints with Chinese government over McDonald's China sale Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Boeing expects 737 MAX-9 to fly in April as larger version takes shape By Alwyn Scott ReutersFebruary 14, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share View photos Boeing's new 737 MAX-9 is pictured under construction at their production facility in Renton, Washington, U.S., February 13, 2017. REUTERS/Jason RedmondMore By Alwyn Scott SEATTLE (Reuters) - Boeing Co <BA.N> said on Tuesday it plans to fly its new 737 MAX-9 aircraft for the first time in April, a further sign the company will start delivering the large version of the workhorse plane in 2018. Delivery of the single-aisle 737 MAX models, which replace the current 737 "NG" introduced in 1997, is crucial for Boeing to hit the financial targets it has promised investors and to offset slowing output of some of its largest jets such as the 777 and 747. Airlines want the MAX because it burns significantly less fuel than current models. The world's largest plane maker is creating up to five MAX versions, while planning to increase output to 57 planes a month in 2019, from 42 a month at present. The first MAX model in production, known as the MAX-8, is on track to reach customers by mid-year. "We are anticipating our certification of the airplane within a matter of days-weeks," Keith Leverkuhn, 737 general manager, said at a Monday briefing embargoed until Tuesday. The stamp of approval by the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration would come about a year after the MAX-8's first flight and allow Boeing to begin delivering the $110 million, 162-seat jetliner in the second quarter, he said. Deliveries trigger the bulk of airline payments. Norwegian Air Shuttle <NWC.OL> will be one of the first airlines to fly the plane commercially, likely ahead of launch customer Southwest Airlines Co <LUV.N>, which was first to order the MAX but is taking longer to put it into service. Boeing expects the MAX to account for as much as 15 percent of the 500 or more 737s it expects to deliver in 2017, rising to nearly 100 percent by 2020. Boeing on Monday showed off the first 737 MAX-9 sitting near the end of the assembly line at its factory in Renton, Washington. The nearly completed jet, which carries a list price of $116.6 million and seats 178, will undergo about nine months of testing after first flight in April. MAX-10 TAKES SHAPE Boeing is mulling an even larger version, the 737 MAX-10, to take on rival Airbus <AIR.PA>, which has had strong sales of its A321neo that is a larger competitor to the MAX-9. The MAX-10 would be 66 inches (1.68 m) longer than the MAX-9, with the same engine thrust. The major change will be the landing gear, which must be taller to accommodate the longer fuselage. Boeing expects to test various landing gear designs this year "to see which one ... is going to be the best solution," Leverkuhn said. Boeing is about 90 percent finished with design drawings for the smallest version, the 737 MAX-7. A high-density MAX-200, with seating for 200 passengers, rounds out the model line. Sales of Boeing's larger twin-aisle planes have slowed sharply and the company is cutting output of the profitable 777 by 40 percent this year. It will rely on the 737 and 787 to make up a large part of the financial difference. Introducing new models while increasing production rates requires Boeing to solve any factory issues quickly. So far, Leverkuhn said, "the hours to build the MAX are meeting our expectation." (Editing by Matthew Lewis) Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Trump now owns Obamacare 7524 messages3%65%32% 5 New Trucks Wheel SceneSponsored Justin Bieber might have thrown shade at The Weeknd Mom Says This Photo Shows the Ghost of Her Son Watching Over His Twin 1169 messages3%78%19% Police brutality protests in Paris suburbs 44 messages2%69%29% Fight 93% Of Skin Issues With This Simple Hack Gundry MDSponsored Inside one of world's largest mermaid convention's fin-tastic weekend ‘Deadliest Catch’ Family Joins in Mourning the Loss of Bering Sea Brothers Aboard the F/V Destination 507 messages8%63%29% Melania Trump Is ‘Miserable’ as First Lady, ‘Unhappy With How Her Life Ended Up’ 3578 messages4%57%39% Wall Street "Poster Boy" Makes A Big Prediction Banyan HillSponsored Scarlett Johansson Talks About the Challenges of Monogamy After Splitting With Romain Dauriac 3971 messages6%71%23% Photos of the day - February 15, 2017 24 messages4%92%4% Questions surround Trump associates' reported communications with Russia The Last Diet You'll Ever Need The Mayo Clinic DietSponsored A crush of crises all but buries the young Trump White House 6466 messages4%57%39% 'I don't believe in fake news': 'Morning Joe' host explains why she barred Kellyanne Conway from the show 14383 messages5%57%38% Trump now owns Obamacare STEVE: 35 days and Trump owns Obamas mess that Obama created in 8 years? You have to pass the bill to read the bill? Really? Join the Conversation 1 / 5 7.5k Yahoo-ABC News Network Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
Skip to content Menu Local News Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Business Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Login Subscribe Boeing & Aerospace Business Economy Monday Memo: Union vote at Boeing South Carolina plant, aerospace suppliers conference, Fed testimony Originally published February 12, 2017 at 5:00 pm Boeing workers in South Carolina vote Wednesday on union representation. (Mic Smith) The business week ahead Share story By Seattle Times staff The Seattle Times TUESDAY: The Pacific Northwest Aerospace Alliance holds its annual aerospace suppliers conference at the Lynnwood convention center. Featured speakers at the event, which runs through Thursday, include executives from Airbus, Boeing, Embraer and Mitsubishi Aircraft as well as aviation analyst Richard Aboulafia. … Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen presents her semiannual report on monetary policy to the U.S. Senate’s Committee on Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs. She follows that the next day with testimony before the House’s Committee on Financial Services. WEDNESDAY: Production workers at Boeing’s 787 plant in North Charleston, S.C., vote to decide if they will be represented by the International Association of Machinists union; a vote tally is expected the same day. … The Commerce Department reports on January retail sales. … The Labor Department releases the Consumer Price Index for January. … The Federal Reserve reports industrial production data for January. THURSDAY: The Commerce Department reports on January housing starts. Seattle Times staff Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story Falsified papers, sloppy work led FAA to fine Boeing Previous Story Japan’s economy grew 1 percent in 2016, slowed in Oct-Dec Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Your Morning Brief will arrive every weekday morning. Back to the story
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Boeing expects 787 MAX-9 to fly in April; on course for 2018 delivery Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Tue Feb 14, 2017 | 1:00pm EST Boeing expects 787 MAX-9 to fly in April; on course for 2018 delivery SEATTLE Feb 14 Boeing Co said on Tuesday it plans to fly its new 737 MAX-9 aircraft for the first time in April, a further sign the company will start delivering the large version of the workhorse plane in 2018. Delivery of the single-aisle 737 MAX models, which replace the current 737 "NG" introduced in 1997, is crucial for Boeing to hit the financial targets it has promised investors and to offset slowing output of some of its largest jets such as the 777 and 747. Airlines want the MAX because it burns significantly less fuel than current models. (Reporting by Alwyn Scott; Editing by Matthew Lewis) Next In Market News BRIEF-Norwegian Cruise Line announces order for next generation of ships * Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings announces order for next generation of ships for norwegian cruise line Cobham takes charge on troubled Boeing tanker programme, cuts guidance LONDON, Feb 16 British engineering group Cobham said it would take a 150 million pound ($187 million) charge on its work on Boeing's troubled KC-46 tanker program and downgraded its likely 2016 trading profit again. UPDATE 1-Freeport Indonesia mine grinds to complete halt -union * All work at Grasberg stopped except maintenance -union chief MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Fleeing to Canada from the U.S. Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Paris museum gets an Airbus A380 superjumbo Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Oddly Enough | Tue Feb 14, 2017 | 10:42am EST Paris museum gets an Airbus A380 superjumbo left right FILE PHOTO - An Airbus A380 aircraft takes part in a flight display during the 48th Paris Air Show at the Le Bourget airport near Paris June 18, 2009. REUTERS/Pascal Rossignol/File photo 1/2 left right FILE PHOTO - An Airbus A380 takes part in a flying display during the 48th Paris Air Show at the Le Bourget airport near Paris, June 16, 2009. REUTERS/Pascal Rossignol/File photo 2/2 By Tim Hepher | PARIS PARIS France honored the A380 superjumbo with a place in its national aerospace museum on Tuesday, granting it equal status with the Boeing 747 even as questions pile up over the future of the industry's biggest jets. The A380 test plane, the fourth to be built and the second to actually fly in 2005, flew to Le Bourget near Paris from Toulouse with 50 technicians who will spend months adapting it for public view. It is the first time Airbus has transferred one of its test planes to a museum and a victory for curators who for years have coveted the world's largest jetliner, designed to carry up to 853 people in all-economy seating or 544 in standard layout. The plane will see out its retirement alongside a vintage 747 once flown by Air France and is expected to become a popular tourist attraction when it goes on display in 2018. But after fewer than 10 years in service, the A380's double-decker design is less successful commercially than designers hoped. Air France recently swapped its remaining order for two A380s for three smaller Airbus A350s, symbolizing the shift in demand to a new generation of lightweight jets. Airbus insists the A380 still has a future and rejects any link between the exhibit and the A380's commercial fortunes. Boeing has also put three of its 787 Dreamliners in museums. "Museums are not just about preserving the past; they are also a window on the future," said Jacques Rocca, president of the Airitage association, set up to preserve Airbus artefacts. SHOW-STOPPER In the 1990s, Airbus's vision of the future was a super-capacity airliner able to revolutionize air travel and displace the profitable 747 by linking the world's largest travel hubs. Boeing disagreed and later developed the smaller 787, though it hedged its bets by updating the 747, with disappointing results. Since 2005, the A380 superjumbo has been a show-stopper at events like the Paris Airshow, yards from the aerospace museum at Le Bourget. Airbus and Dubai's Emirates, the largest A380 operator, say its roomy cabin is a hit with passengers. Despite this, the A380 has not proved as popular with fleet planners because of the risks of being unable to fill it up in a fragile economy, as well as advances in twin-jet design. Airbus sees demand for 1,264 very large jets like the A380 and 747-8 over 20 years: higher than Boeing's forecast of 530. But it is also expected to confirm in its annual results next week that the A380 will go back into loss after its biggest customer Emirates deferred some deliveries this year. An Airbus spokesman reaffirmed the company's delivery targets. (Reporting by Tim Hepher; Editing by Keith Weir) Next In Oddly Enough Bike-promoting Belgian minister finds own cycle stolen BRUSSELS A Belgian minister arrived by bike to a news conference to promote cycling on Tuesday, only to find it had been stolen when he left half an hour later. Very old, charming - er - thing goes on display in Athens ATHENS A bird-like statuette dating back 7,000 years has mystified archaeologists in Greece who still do not know exactly what it is, or where it came from. Austrian authorities seeking Hitler double seen around birthplace VIENNA Austrian authorities are investigating reports of a man appearing in public in Adolf Hitler's birthplace as the Nazi dictator's double, including the distinctive mustache, haircut and clothing. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Fleeing to Canada from the U.S. Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #BudgetSpeech #Personal I-T rate #Budget2017 #PopulistBudget #IRCTC News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » PTI Stories » National » News Vaghela claims to have evidence against Naliya gangrape Vietnam fishermen clash with police over toxic waste Business Standard Not worried if cos are torn between "America First, "Make in Press Trust of India  February 14, 2017 Last Updated at 20:03 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UTPije ALSO READ Parrikar raising defence issues at BJP rally to gain sympathy: Parrikar a 'part-time' Defence Minister: Goa Cong World must come together to eradicate terror: Parrikar Mamata Banerjee crossed all limit by questioning India Army's routine exercise: BJP US Defence Secy calls on Modi Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar today said it was not his worry or concern that some companies like Boeing and Lockheed Martin could find themselves torn between the slogans of "America First" of US President Donald Trump and "Make in India" of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. These companies can sign military contracts by quoting from any plant existing around the globe, Parrikar told reporters after inaugurating the five-day "Aero India" air show at Yelahanka airbase here. "These companies are multinational in all regards. They may have plant in Europe. They may have plant in some other parts of the world. They may have plant in USA. They can quote from any of these areas. So it is not my concern and I don't worry about it much because interpretations are taken wrongly...", he said. "Let things be more clear, but basically my requirement is the government has to agree to it, whichever government agrees to it."He said he was nowhere concerned with restrictions, if so, on the movement of the companies from US to India. "If a company wants to shift his facility from anywhere else it is his choice whether he sets up a new one. I am nowhere concerned with it, and if there is a restriction on some movement. As far as I am concerned, as of now, there is no so such issue. No one has written to me. I am only hearing it in the media," he added. Some industry experts have raised concerns that Trump's push for "America First" rhetoric could perhaps intervene when the companies like Lockheed and Boeing go ahead with shifting of manufacturing units to India, responding to Modi's "Make In India' slogan. "As far as I am concerned, as of now, there is no such issue. No one has written to me, I only hear it in the media," he said. Parrikar said it is for the OEMs, who provide technology and help strategic partner to set up joint venture with Indian companies, to get approvals from their country. Union Civil Aviation Minister Pusapati Ashok Gajapati Raju said the Airports Authority of India has decided to invest Rs 17,500 crore in the next five years for improving the existing airports. If the growth rate has to be sustained and taken forward, the country needs to innovate and invest, he added. I am very happy actually that the Ministry of Defence has partnered now with civil aviation, so that the synergies of development will help, not only them, but also our civil aviation because civil aviation is basically job creator", he said. Raju also said the civil aviation also needs to increase the connectivity within the country, and hence the civil aviation ministry has recently brought out the regional connectivity scheme. If the country is able to bring in 50 more active airports to the exiting 70-odd active airports, India can become the third largest civil aviation market in the world. "Right now, we are ranked ninth. So we are working on it and trying to bring this synergy along with our defence synergy," he added. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On National News | Manohar Parrikar | Government | India | Narendra Modi | Europe | Ministry Of Defence | Narendra | Usa | Pti Stories | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Banking conveinience on the go, anytime...anywhere Save Tax on Your Premium u s 80D Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Double Benefits Cashless Treatments plus Tax Savings Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Exploring Untapped Potential of Mutual Funds. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Supercharge your Indian property portfolio Main Jahan, Mera Bank Wahan New to investing in shares? Bengal Global Business Summit. click here Your Loan Eligibility Holds the Key to Your Dream Home Rise and fall of Bitcoin, does history repeat itself? New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Why are More People Applying for Personal Loans? Not worried if cos are torn between "America First, "Make in Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar today said it was not his worry or concern that some companies like Boeing and Lockheed Martin could find themselves torn between the slogans of "America First" of US President Donald Trump and "Make in India" of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. These companies can sign military contracts by quoting from any plant existing around the globe, Parrikar told reporters after inaugurating the five-day "Aero India" air show at Yelahanka airbase here. "These companies are multinational in all regards. They may have plant in Europe. They may have plant in some other parts of the world. They may have plant in USA. They can quote from any of these areas. So it is not my concern and I don't worry about it much because interpretations are taken wrongly...", he said. "Let things be more clear, but basically my requirement is the government has to agree to it, whichever government agrees to it."He said he was nowhere concerned with restrictions, if so, on the ... Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar today said it was not his worry or concern that some companies like Boeing and Lockheed Martin could find themselves torn between the slogans of "America First" of US President Donald Trump and "Make in India" of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. These companies can sign military contracts by quoting from any plant existing around the globe, Parrikar told reporters after inaugurating the five-day "Aero India" air show at Yelahanka airbase here. "These companies are multinational in all regards. They may have plant in Europe. They may have plant in some other parts of the world. They may have plant in USA. They can quote from any of these areas. So it is not my concern and I don't worry about it much because interpretations are taken wrongly...", he said. "Let things be more clear, but basically my requirement is the government has to agree to it, whichever government agrees to it."He said he was nowhere concerned with restrictions, if so, on the movement of the companies from US to India. "If a company wants to shift his facility from anywhere else it is his choice whether he sets up a new one. I am nowhere concerned with it, and if there is a restriction on some movement. As far as I am concerned, as of now, there is no so such issue. No one has written to me. I am only hearing it in the media," he added. Some industry experts have raised concerns that Trump's push for "America First" rhetoric could perhaps intervene when the companies like Lockheed and Boeing go ahead with shifting of manufacturing units to India, responding to Modi's "Make In India' slogan. "As far as I am concerned, as of now, there is no such issue. No one has written to me, I only hear it in the media," he said. Parrikar said it is for the OEMs, who provide technology and help strategic partner to set up joint venture with Indian companies, to get approvals from their country. Union Civil Aviation Minister Pusapati Ashok Gajapati Raju said the Airports Authority of India has decided to invest Rs 17,500 crore in the next five years for improving the existing airports. If the growth rate has to be sustained and taken forward, the country needs to innovate and invest, he added. I am very happy actually that the Ministry of Defence has partnered now with civil aviation, so that the synergies of development will help, not only them, but also our civil aviation because civil aviation is basically job creator", he said. Raju also said the civil aviation also needs to increase the connectivity within the country, and hence the civil aviation ministry has recently brought out the regional connectivity scheme. If the country is able to bring in 50 more active airports to the exiting 70-odd active airports, India can become the third largest civil aviation market in the world. "Right now, we are ranked ninth. So we are working on it and trying to bring this synergy along with our defence synergy," he added. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Not worried if cos are torn between "America First, "Make in Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar today said it was not his worry or concern that some companies like Boeing and Lockheed Martin could find themselves torn between the slogans of "America First" of US President Donald Trump and "Make in India" of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. These companies can sign military contracts by quoting from any plant existing around the globe, Parrikar told reporters after inaugurating the five-day "Aero India" air show at Yelahanka airbase here. "These companies are multinational in all regards. They may have plant in Europe. They may have plant in some other parts of the world. They may have plant in USA. They can quote from any of these areas. So it is not my concern and I don't worry about it much because interpretations are taken wrongly...", he said. "Let things be more clear, but basically my requirement is the government has to agree to it, whichever government agrees to it."He said he was nowhere concerned with restrictions, if so, on the movement of the companies from US to India. "If a company wants to shift his facility from anywhere else it is his choice whether he sets up a new one. I am nowhere concerned with it, and if there is a restriction on some movement. As far as I am concerned, as of now, there is no so such issue. No one has written to me. I am only hearing it in the media," he added. Some industry experts have raised concerns that Trump's push for "America First" rhetoric could perhaps intervene when the companies like Lockheed and Boeing go ahead with shifting of manufacturing units to India, responding to Modi's "Make In India' slogan. "As far as I am concerned, as of now, there is no such issue. No one has written to me, I only hear it in the media," he said. Parrikar said it is for the OEMs, who provide technology and help strategic partner to set up joint venture with Indian companies, to get approvals from their country. Union Civil Aviation Minister Pusapati Ashok Gajapati Raju said the Airports Authority of India has decided to invest Rs 17,500 crore in the next five years for improving the existing airports. If the growth rate has to be sustained and taken forward, the country needs to innovate and invest, he added. I am very happy actually that the Ministry of Defence has partnered now with civil aviation, so that the synergies of development will help, not only them, but also our civil aviation because civil aviation is basically job creator", he said. Raju also said the civil aviation also needs to increase the connectivity within the country, and hence the civil aviation ministry has recently brought out the regional connectivity scheme. If the country is able to bring in 50 more active airports to the exiting 70-odd active airports, India can become the third largest civil aviation market in the world. "Right now, we are ranked ninth. So we are working on it and trying to bring this synergy along with our defence synergy," he added. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #BudgetSpeech #Personal I-T rate #Budget2017 #PopulistBudget #IRCTC News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » PTI Stories » National » News Iranian women dressed as men barred from football game Rahul Gandhi, Harish Rawat booked for model code violation Business Standard Not worried if cos are torn between 'America First', 'Make in Press Trust of India  |  Bengaluru  February 14, 2017 Last Updated at 21:22 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UTPim2 ALSO READ Not worried if cos are torn between "America First, "Make in Parrikar raising defence issues at BJP rally to gain sympathy: Parrikar a 'part-time' Defence Minister: Goa Cong World must come together to eradicate terror: Parrikar Mamata Banerjee crossed all limit by questioning India Army's routine exercise: BJP Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar today said it was not his concern that some companies like Boeing and Lockheed Martin could find themselves torn between the slogans of "America First" of US President Donald Trump and "Make in India" of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. These companies can sign military contracts by quoting from any plant existing around the globe, he told reporters after inaugurating the five-day Aero India air show at Yelahanka airbase here. "These companies are multinational in all regards. They may have a plant in Europe. They may have plant in some other parts of the world. They may have a plant in the US. They can quote from any of these areas. So, it is not my concern and I do not worry about it much because interpretations are taken wrongly. "Let things be more clear but basically my requirement is the government has to agree to it, whichever government agrees to it," he said. Parrikar said he was nowhere concerned with restrictions, if any, on the movement of the companies from US to India. "If a company head wants to shift his facility from anywhere else it is his choice whether he sets up a new one. I am nowhere concerned if there is a restriction on some movement. As far as I am concerned, as of now, there is no so such issue. No one has written to me. I am only hearing it in the media," he added. Some industry experts have raised concern that Trump's push for "America First" rhetoric could intervene when the companies like Lockheed and Boeing go ahead with shifting of manufacturing units to India, responding to Modi's "Make In India" slogan. Parrikar said it is for the original equipment manufacturers, which provide technology and help strategic partner set up joint venture with Indian companies, to get approvals from their country. Meanwhile, Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapati Raju said the Airports Authority of India has decided to invest Rs 17,500 crore in the next five years for improving the existing airports. If the growth rate has to be sustained and taken forward, the country needs to innovate and invest, he said. "I am very happy that the Ministry of Defence has now partnered with civil aviation so that synergies of development help not only them but also our civil aviation because the sector is basically job creator," Raju said. He said the sector needs to increase connectivity within the country and hence the civil aviation ministry recently brought out the regional connectivity scheme. If the country is able to bring in 50 more active airports to the exiting 70-odd active airports, India can become the third largest civil aviation market in the world, the minister said. "Right now, we are ranked ninth. So we are working on it and trying to bring this synergy along with our defence synergy," he added. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On National News | Manohar Parrikar | Government | India | Narendra Modi | Europe | Ministry Of Defence | Narendra | Pti Stories | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Banking conveinience on the go, anytime...anywhere Save Tax on Your Premium u s 80D Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Double Benefits Cashless Treatments plus Tax Savings Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Exploring Untapped Potential of Mutual Funds. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Supercharge your Indian property portfolio Main Jahan, Mera Bank Wahan New to investing in shares? Bengal Global Business Summit. click here Your Loan Eligibility Holds the Key to Your Dream Home Rise and fall of Bitcoin, does history repeat itself? New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Why are More People Applying for Personal Loans? Not worried if cos are torn between 'America First', 'Make in Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar today said it was not his concern that some companies like Boeing and Lockheed Martin could find themselves torn between the slogans of "America First" of US President Donald Trump and "Make in India" of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. These companies can sign military contracts by quoting from any plant existing around the globe, he told reporters after inaugurating the five-day Aero India air show at Yelahanka airbase here. "These companies are multinational in all regards. They may have a plant in Europe. They may have plant in some other parts of the world. They may have a plant in the US. They can quote from any of these areas. So, it is not my concern and I do not worry about it much because interpretations are taken wrongly. "Let things be more clear but basically my requirement is the government has to agree to it, whichever government agrees to it," he said. Parrikar said he was nowhere concerned with restrictions, if any, on the ... Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar today said it was not his concern that some companies like Boeing and Lockheed Martin could find themselves torn between the slogans of "America First" of US President Donald Trump and "Make in India" of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. These companies can sign military contracts by quoting from any plant existing around the globe, he told reporters after inaugurating the five-day Aero India air show at Yelahanka airbase here. "These companies are multinational in all regards. They may have a plant in Europe. They may have plant in some other parts of the world. They may have a plant in the US. They can quote from any of these areas. So, it is not my concern and I do not worry about it much because interpretations are taken wrongly. "Let things be more clear but basically my requirement is the government has to agree to it, whichever government agrees to it," he said. Parrikar said he was nowhere concerned with restrictions, if any, on the movement of the companies from US to India. "If a company head wants to shift his facility from anywhere else it is his choice whether he sets up a new one. I am nowhere concerned if there is a restriction on some movement. As far as I am concerned, as of now, there is no so such issue. No one has written to me. I am only hearing it in the media," he added. Some industry experts have raised concern that Trump's push for "America First" rhetoric could intervene when the companies like Lockheed and Boeing go ahead with shifting of manufacturing units to India, responding to Modi's "Make In India" slogan. Parrikar said it is for the original equipment manufacturers, which provide technology and help strategic partner set up joint venture with Indian companies, to get approvals from their country. Meanwhile, Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapati Raju said the Airports Authority of India has decided to invest Rs 17,500 crore in the next five years for improving the existing airports. If the growth rate has to be sustained and taken forward, the country needs to innovate and invest, he said. "I am very happy that the Ministry of Defence has now partnered with civil aviation so that synergies of development help not only them but also our civil aviation because the sector is basically job creator," Raju said. He said the sector needs to increase connectivity within the country and hence the civil aviation ministry recently brought out the regional connectivity scheme. If the country is able to bring in 50 more active airports to the exiting 70-odd active airports, India can become the third largest civil aviation market in the world, the minister said. "Right now, we are ranked ninth. So we are working on it and trying to bring this synergy along with our defence synergy," he added. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Not worried if cos are torn between 'America First', 'Make in Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar today said it was not his concern that some companies like Boeing and Lockheed Martin could find themselves torn between the slogans of "America First" of US President Donald Trump and "Make in India" of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. These companies can sign military contracts by quoting from any plant existing around the globe, he told reporters after inaugurating the five-day Aero India air show at Yelahanka airbase here. "These companies are multinational in all regards. They may have a plant in Europe. They may have plant in some other parts of the world. They may have a plant in the US. They can quote from any of these areas. So, it is not my concern and I do not worry about it much because interpretations are taken wrongly. "Let things be more clear but basically my requirement is the government has to agree to it, whichever government agrees to it," he said. Parrikar said he was nowhere concerned with restrictions, if any, on the movement of the companies from US to India. "If a company head wants to shift his facility from anywhere else it is his choice whether he sets up a new one. I am nowhere concerned if there is a restriction on some movement. As far as I am concerned, as of now, there is no so such issue. No one has written to me. I am only hearing it in the media," he added. Some industry experts have raised concern that Trump's push for "America First" rhetoric could intervene when the companies like Lockheed and Boeing go ahead with shifting of manufacturing units to India, responding to Modi's "Make In India" slogan. Parrikar said it is for the original equipment manufacturers, which provide technology and help strategic partner set up joint venture with Indian companies, to get approvals from their country. Meanwhile, Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapati Raju said the Airports Authority of India has decided to invest Rs 17,500 crore in the next five years for improving the existing airports. If the growth rate has to be sustained and taken forward, the country needs to innovate and invest, he said. "I am very happy that the Ministry of Defence has now partnered with civil aviation so that synergies of development help not only them but also our civil aviation because the sector is basically job creator," Raju said. He said the sector needs to increase connectivity within the country and hence the civil aviation ministry recently brought out the regional connectivity scheme. If the country is able to bring in 50 more active airports to the exiting 70-odd active airports, India can become the third largest civil aviation market in the world, the minister said. "Right now, we are ranked ninth. So we are working on it and trying to bring this synergy along with our defence synergy," he added. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
﻿ SIA Group places US$13.8 billion order for Boeing aircraft - TTG Asia - Leader in Hotel, Airlines, Tourism and Travel Trade News   Thursday . February 16 . 2017 | HOME | ABOUT US | TTG TRAVEL AWARDS | MEDIA KITS | SUBSCRIBE           Daily News Archives Adam Tan Trade Calendar Blogs TTG Publications TTG ASIA this week TTG Asia ASEAN 50th Anniversary Special Supplement TTG Asia Luxury   Home > Daily News Archives Share | SIA Group places US$13.8 billion order for Boeing aircraft Singapore, February 13, 2017   Singapore Airlines (SIA) has signed a letter of intent with Boeing comprising 39 firm orders plus six options for each aircraft type, which if exercised will enlarge the deal to 51 aircraft.   The proposed order is valued at US$13.8 billion.     Twenty 777-9s are due for delivery from the 2021/22 financial year, and nine 787-10s from the 2020/21 financial year. The order includes flexibility for the SIA Group to substitute the 787-10 orders for other variants of the 787 family.   The General Electric GE9X is the sole engine type for the 777-9s, which are intended primarily for use on longhaul routes. SIA has selected the Rolls-Royce Trent 1000 to power the 787-10s, which are to be operated on medium-range routes.   Currently, SIA has more than 50 current-generation 777 aircraft in service. Subsidiaries SilkAir, Scoot and SIA Cargo are also operators of Boeing aircraft, with 737-800s, 787-8/9s and 747-400 Freighters in service, respectively.   This is the SIA Group’s first order for the newest 777 variant that is currently under development, the 777-9. SIA is already the launch customer for the 787-10, which is also currently in development, having placed an initial order in 2013 for 30 aircraft for delivery from the 2018/19 financial year.   In addition to its 30 previously-ordered 787-10s, SIA has outstanding orders with Airbus for five A380-800s and 57 A350-900s. SilkAir has outstanding orders with Boeing for 37 737 MAX 8s, while Scoot has orders with Boeing for eight 787-8/9s and Tigerair has orders with Airbus for 39 A320neos. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.   Most Popular >   Most Commented > 1. Leadership transition at ONYX 2. Short-term rentals given the axe in Singapore 3. Indonesia attempts to win over Singapore's millennial travellers 4. SIA Group places US$13.8 billion order for Boeing aircraft 5. Singapore tourism scores historical highs in 2016 6. Getting Gen Y to love cruising 7. New hotel openings: February 6-10, 2017 8. In for a wild ride 9. It's bonjour Maldives for Air France 10. Chan Brothers Travel rolls out campervan holidays Most Popular >   Most Commented >     Editor's pick >     Getting Gen Y to love cruising by Paige Lee Pei Qi In for a wild ride by TTG Asia reporters Making a good change agent by Rosa Ocampo Heyday for smaller players by Raini Hamdi Automation and the hospitality industry by David Topolewski, CEO of Qooco   ﻿ Take our poll   Best viewed with Internet Explorer 6 or above at 1024x768 resolution. About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Terms of Use Copyright TTG Asia Media Pte Ltd © 2017 >
Search Contact Us Sign In | Sign Up Home On-Air All Staff Schedule Dave Ettl Lance Tormey Listen Listen Live Mobile App VIP Sign Up Contests Contest Rules VIP Support Win stuff $200 Cabela’s Gift Card Amazon Echo $300 Airline Gift Card Weather 5-Day Forecast Road and pass report School closures and delays Yakima Frostwatch From WSU News Latest News Yakima News Northwest News Experts Batteries + Bulbs Yakima Castle Pump & Electric Colonial Lawn and Garden Federated Auto Parts Howard’s Drug and Medical Contact Submit a News Tip Help and Contact Info Feedback Advertise Job Opportunities Contest Rules Big Game Squares Official Rules Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube Tip Us Noteworthy: Win a NASCAR Weekend in Vegas! Million Dollar Bracket Challenge Yakima News Northwest News Politics Polls Seattle Seahawks Subscribe to KIT on YouTube Weekly Deal Contests Weird News News Tip Weather School Closings Pass Report Local News Extra Life Flu Shots in Yakima School Closings & Delays Entertainment News Representative Saying Unionization Good for SC Economy By Associated Press February 14, 2017 8:19 AM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter NORTH CHARLESTON, S.C. (AP) — Community leaders say it’s time for Boeing employees to have union representation to protect their wages and well-being. Rep. David Mack told several hundred people gathered at a rally Monday in North Charleston that unionizing workers at the plant in his district would be good for South Carolina’s economy. Mack says people will spend more money if they have more take-home wages in their pockets. Nearly 3,000 South Carolina Boeing employees vote Wednesday on whether or not to join the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. Monday’s rally took place about a mile from the Chicago-based company’s facilities. The global aviation company came to South Carolina in part because the state has a minuscule union presence and state politicians and business leaders have for decades preached that unions hurt the workforce, not help it. Filed Under: boeing | take-home wages | unionizing | wages Category: News | Northwest News Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More Leave a comment Send to a friend! Print this page Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr! Best of KIT Ice, Accidents Close I-82 From Union Gap to Sunnyside How is President Trump Doing? [POLL] Science Says First Born Kids Have A Higher I.Q. Flood Concerns Eased On This Monday More Warm Temps On The Way Recommended for You ZergNet Best of the Web ZergNet Leave a Comment Listen Live Meet the hosts Dave Ettl Lance Tormey Jack Balzer News Talk KIT on Facebook Join Now Sign up to get exclusive access to VIP events, contests, coupons, giveaways, presales and much more! Sign Up Now The Latest From News Talk KIT The High Cost Of Heart Disease Could Crush The Economy February 15, 2017 George Takei Calls Out Local Professor’s Take on WWII Japanese-American Internment Camps [POLL] February 15, 2017 West Valley District Loses Bond Still Determined To Convince Voters February 15, 2017 Body Found Near Toppenish Investigation Underway February 15, 2017 Two Adult & Two Child Lunches With Drinks Buy This Deal Now Join Now Sign up to get exclusive access to VIP events, contests, coupons, giveaways, presales and much more! Sign Up Now EEO Public File Report Terms VIP Terms FAQ Contest Rules Privacy Policy (Updated: 5/9/16) Contact Townsquare Yakima Business Listings Welcome back to KIT VIP It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. Welcome back to KIT VIP It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://newstalkkit.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to KIT VIP (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here KIT VIP brought to you by: Sign up for KIT VIP Register Now Sign up for KIT VIP quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! KIT VIP brought to you by: Sign up to have exclusive KIT VIP contests, events, coupons, presales, and much more delivered to you for FREE. Like Us on Facebook KIT VIP brought to you by: News Talk KIT Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
daily review omnivore paper trail current issue interviews syllabi readings video archive artforum subscribe advertise about contact Search follow us sign in register omnivore 2017 February       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 January 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 Trumpism and Corporate America Feb 13 2017   3:00PM For a company like Boeing, President Donald Trump's "America First" policies, which represent a sharp departure for the US, threaten the way the corporation does business. Amazon warns that trade protectionism could hurt business. These are the brands taking concrete political action in defiance of Trump. Josh Marshall on Trumpism and Corporate America: Corporations clearly want to curry favor with the new President, yet they are also extremely wary of being associated with him among consumers. Goldman Sachs economists are starting to worry about President Trump. Wall Street remembers why it was afraid of President Trump. Permalink Advertisement daily review omnivore paper trail current issue interviews syllabi readings video archive artforum subscribe advertise about contact top of page
Latest News Nation Elections 2017 World Business Budget 2017 Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation Elections 2017 World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Budget 2017 Latest News Tamil Nadu crisis: Panneerselvam vows to save AIADMK from Sasikala's family members Kaithi No. 9234: Sasikala sleeps on floor, shares cell in Bengaluru prison UP assembly elections 2017: PM Modi, Akhilesh Yadav two sides of same coin, says Asaduddin Owaisi Pakistan most dangerous country for world: Former CIA official MNS mantra: If you engage in gunda-gardi, you will be rewarded Home India Not worried if companies are torn between ‘America First’, ‘Make in India’ slogans: Manohar Parrikar Not worried if companies are torn between ‘America First’, ‘Make in India’ slogans: Manohar Parrikar Parrikar said he was nowhere concerned with restrictions, if any, on the movement of the companies from US to India. By: PTI | Bengaluru | Published:February 14, 2017 10:23 pm Union Minister Manohar Parrikar. (File Photo) Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar today said it was not his concern that some companies like Boeing and Lockheed Martin could find themselves torn between the slogans of “America First” of US President Donald Trump and “Make in India” of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. These companies can sign military contracts by quoting from any plant existing around the globe, he told reporters after inaugurating the five-day Aero India air show at Yelahanka airbase here. Watch What Else Is Making News “These companies are multinational in all regards. They may have a plant in Europe. They may have plant in some other parts of the world. They may have a plant in the US. They can quote from any of these areas. So, it is not my concern and I do not worry about it much because interpretations are taken wrongly. “Let things be more clear but basically my requirement is the government has to agree to it, whichever government agrees to it,” he said. Parrikar said he was nowhere concerned with restrictions, if any, on the movement of the companies from US to India. “If a company head wants to shift his facility from anywhere else it is his choice whether he sets up a new one. I am nowhere concerned if there is a restriction on some movement. As far as I am concerned, as of now, there is no so such issue. No one has written to me. I am only hearing it in the media,” he added. Some industry experts have raised concern that Trump’s push for “America First” rhetoric could intervene when the companies like Lockheed and Boeing go ahead with shifting of manufacturing units to India, responding to Modi’s “Make In India” slogan. Parrikar said it is for the original equipment manufacturers, which provide technology and help strategic partner set up joint venture with Indian companies, to get approvals from their country. Meanwhile, Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapati Raju said the Airports Authority of India has decided to invest Rs 17,500 crore in the next five years for improving the existing airports. If the growth rate has to be sustained and taken forward, the country needs to innovate and invest, he said. “I am very happy that the Ministry of Defence has now partnered with civil aviation so that synergies of development help not only them but also our civil aviation because the sector is basically job creator,” Raju said. He said the sector needs to increase connectivity within the country and hence the civil aviation ministry recently brought out the regional connectivity scheme. If the country is able to bring in 50 more active airports to the exiting 70-odd active airports, India can become the third largest civil aviation market in the world, the minister said. “Right now, we are ranked ninth. So we are working on it and trying to bring this synergy along with our defence synergy,” he added. Election 2017 Live updates: PM Modi to address rallies at Hardoi, Barabanki today Uttar Pradesh elections: For Aparna Yadav, Netaji and Congress come together Uttar Pradesh Assembly elections 2017: Campaign and contrast Best of Express Tamil Nadu crisis LIVE updates: Palanisami gets invite to form govt, Panneerselvam camp to move EC EntertainmentPhillauri song Dum Dum: Anushka Sharma, Diljit Dosanjh song celebrates innocent love, watch video EntertainmentKareena, Saif's son Taimur rings in Randhir's 70th birthday. See inside pics EntertainmentShruti Haasan is dating a London-based actor. Everything you want to know, see pics EntertainmentAnushka Sharma, Virat Kohli fans, their new selfies will make you drop a beat. See pics Must Read SportsIndian theme before Indian team SportsThe rise and rise of Bangladesh cricket SportsIPL 2017 Complete fixtures, schedule and time in IST TechnologyMoto G5, Moto G5 Plus full specs revealed ahead of MWC launch TechnologyApple patent reveals fingerprint scanner built inside iPhone display TechnologyNASA: January 2017 third warmest on record LifestyleDeepika Padukone sets New York Fashion Week ablaze in a Michael Kors Feb 16: Latest News India vs Australia 2017: India to get $1 million if they win first Test against Australia Manchester United will give Europa tilt full focus, says Jose Mourinho Al-Qaeda using US preoccupation with IS to spread to India Want to work in ISRO? Here’s how to apply Syrian President Assad says Trump travel ban targets terrorists, not Syria’s people                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
franceinfo vidéos radio jt magazines Direct TV Direct Radio politique faits divers société éco/conso monde Afrique Amériques Asie-Pacifique Crise en Ukraine Environnement Espagne Europe France Geopolis Grèce Italie Pays-Bas Proche-orient Royaume-UniLes sujets du moment Canada Chine Corée du Nord Etats Unis d'Amérique Japon Lutte contre le terrorisme Russie Syrie Tunisie Turquie culture sports santé sciences tech/web animaux météo Le live Complément d'enquête, France 2 Actualités Monde Asie-Pacifique Vol MH370 VIDEO. MH370 : One-way trip for the unknown A vanished Boeing, 239 reported missing people and a file that seems to be at a standstill. A "Document de Complément d’enquête" focuses on Malaysia Airlines flight 370, one of the world's greatest aviation mysteries. Voir la vidéo France 2France Télévisions Mis à jour le 15/02/2017 | 10:55 publié le 14/02/2017 | 16:30 This story is not about a crash, but about a disappearance, the disappearance of 239 people, 2 crew members and 237 Chinese, Malaysians, Australian and French passengers on March 8, 2014. This day, Malaysia Airlines flight 370 left Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, at 00:41 for a scheduled six-hour flight to Beijing, China. The air traffic control staff lost contact with the plane at about 01:22, while over the Gulf of Thailand. It was reported missing at 02:40. The investigations started more than two and a half years ago, and yet, the MH370 file is still at a dead end. On January 17, 2017, the researching was officially suspended. Exclusive witnesses and new elements What happened to the missing plane? China, Malaysia, Madagascar, Italy, the Maldives Islands… we have travelled the whole world to follow every lead, even the most controversial ones. In this document, exclusive witnesses and new elements lift the veil on one of the world's greatest aviation mysteries. An investigation by Olivier Sibille, Mathieu Dreujou, Philippe Maire and Olivier Broutin, broadcasted in "Envoyé spécial" on January 12, 2017. A lire aussi "Complément d'enquête". Guerre des sexes : la vie sans les hommes "Complément d'enquête". Antiterrorisme : des héros et des secrets "Complément d'enquête". Macron, Trudeau : jeunes loups et vieilles recettes ? "Complément d'enquête". Fraude, évasion fiscale : la guerre sans fin "Complément d'enquête". Les secrets de la France en guerre Sujets associés Vol MH370 Complément d'enquête Monde Asie-Pacifique A lire sur Moyen-Orient: des femmes juives et arabes interpellent Ivanka Trump sur la paix Sans identité légale: l’apatridie, un mal qui ronge l’Afrique de l’Ouest Le site industriel de Kaesong fermé marque le désamour entre les deux Corées CDE MH370 V Anglaise (CAPTURE ECRAN FRANCE 2)
Home Industry Not worried if companies are torn between ‘America First’, ‘Make in India’ slogans: Manohar Parrikar Not worried if companies are torn between ‘America First’, ‘Make in India’ slogans: Manohar Parrikar Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar today said it was not his worry or concern that some companies like Boeing and Lockheed Martin could find themselves torn between the slogans of "America First" of US President Donald Trump and "Make in India" of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. By: PTI | Bengaluru | Published: February 14, 2017 9:28 PM Manohar Parrikar said it is for the OEMs, who provide technology and help strategic partner to set up joint venture with Indian companies, to get approvals from their country. (PTI) Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar today said it was not his worry or concern that some companies like Boeing and Lockheed Martin could find themselves torn between the slogans of “America First” of US President Donald Trump and “Make in India” of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. These companies can sign military contracts by quoting from any plant existing around the globe, Parrikar told reporters after inaugurating the five-day “Aero India” air show at Yelahanka airbase here. “These companies are multinational in all regards. They may have plant in Europe. They may have plant in some other parts of the world. They may have plant in USA. They can quote from any of these areas. So it is not my concern and I don’t worry about it much because interpretations are taken wrongly…”, he said. “Let things be more clear, but basically my requirement is the government has to agree to it, whichever government agrees to it.” He said he was nowhere concerned with restrictions, if so, on the movement of the companies from US to India. “If a company wants to shift his facility from anywhere else it is his choice whether he sets up a new one. I am nowhere concerned with it, and if there is a restriction on some movement. As far as I am concerned, as of now, there is no so such issue. No one has written to me. I am only hearing it in the media,” he added. Some industry experts have raised concerns that Trump’s push for “America First” rhetoric could perhaps intervene when the companies like Lockheed and Boeing go ahead with shifting of manufacturing units to India, responding to Modi’s “Make In India’ slogan. “As far as I am concerned, as of now, there is no such issue. No one has written to me, I only hear it in the media,” he said. You may also like to watch: Parrikar said it is for the OEMs, who provide technology and help strategic partner to set up joint venture with Indian companies, to get approvals from their country. Union Civil Aviation Minister Pusapati Ashok Gajapati Raju said the Airports Authority of India has decided to invest Rs 17,500 crore in the next five years for improving the existing airports. If the growth rate has to be sustained and taken forward, the country needs to innovate and invest, he added. I am very happy actually that the Ministry of Defence has partnered now with civil aviation, so that the synergies of development will help, not only them, but also our civil aviation because civil aviation is basically job creator”, he said. Raju also said the civil aviation also needs to increase the connectivity within the country, and hence the civil aviation ministry has recently brought out the regional connectivity scheme. If the country is able to bring in 50 more active airports to the exiting 70-odd active airports, India can become the third largest civil aviation market in the world. “Right now, we are ranked ninth. So we are working on it and trying to bring this synergy along with our defence synergy,” he added. Please Wait while comments are loading... Budget 2017 Union Budget 2017: 4 things that can impact your savings and increase tax liability Union Budget 2017: 5 things that can help you save money Union Budget 2017 provides leeway to increase power demand, wanting in tackling stressed assets: Experts Union Budget 2017 - income tax rates: Here's what the new 10% surcharge will cost the super-rich Rs 2,349.79 crore deficit budget presented in Assam Assembly Trending Now ABB India to deliver digital substation to Technopark Mehbooba Mufti to expand Council of Ministers Insurance terms made easy for first time buyers! Campaign for phase-III of Uttar Pradesh polls ends tomorrow Waterways transportation to begin around Narmada in Madhya Pradesh O Panneerselvam vs Edappadi K Palanisamy: Plea filed in Madras HC against Sasikala loyalist's swearing in Uttar Pradesh Elections 2017: Modi, Akhilesh two sides of same coin, says Owaisi Tamil Nadu crisis: After Governor invites E Palanisamy to form government, O Panneerselvam vows fightback A leopard breaks into the residential area in Haryana's Palwal, forest officials arrive at spot Yes, it is victory for Team Sasikala! Taamil Nadu Governor invites Eddapadi Palanisamy to form government ISRO's world record makes Indians proud: Chinese daily  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Budget 2017 News जयति घोष का आकलन: नरेंद्र मोदी सरकार ने अपने ही फैसलों से इस बजट को बना ल‍िया है सबसे मुश्‍क‍िल आर्थिक समीक्षा में भूमि, रीयल एस्टेट को जीएसटी के दायरे में लाने पर जोर बजट 2017: जानिए क्या होता है आर्थिक सर्वेक्षण और क्यों इसे पेश करना है जरूरी... बजट 2017: इन बातों का ध्‍यान रख कम टैक्‍स से पब्लिक को खुश कर अरुण जेटली जुटा सकते हैं पैसा Assembly Elections 2017 News यूपी चुनाव ग्राउंड रिपोर्ट: बाराबंकी में चमक रही अखिलेश की छवि, बीजेपी धुल गई नोटबंदी के बदलाव में! यूपी चुनाव ग्राउंड रिपोर्ट: उन्‍नाव में सपा, भाजपा के बागी बिगाड़ सकते हैं खेल UP चुनाव ग्राउंड रिपोर्ट: नई विधानसभा बनने से क्षेत्र में पहुंची है विकास की साइकिल लेकिन दलितों-किसानों की स्थिति में बदलाव नहीं Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Union Budget 2017 Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
Photos Videos Topics Live AFG 63/1 (16) - ZIM (Yet to bat) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Rahul Gandhi Sasikala Assembly Elections 2017 UP Elections 2017 Raees Home Money Not worried if cos are torn between 'America First', 'Make in Shares1 Tue, 14 Feb 2017-09:41pm , PTI Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar today said it was not his concern that some companies like Boeing and Lockheed Martin could find themselves torn between the slogans of "America First" of US President Donald Trump and "Make in India" of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. These companies can sign military contracts by quoting from any plant existing around the globe, he told reporters after inaugurating the five-day Aero India air show at Yelahanka airbase here. "These companies are multinational in all regards. They may have a plant in Europe. They may have plant in some other parts of the world. They may have a plant in the US. They can quote from any of these areas. So, it is not my concern and I do not worry about it much because interpretations are taken wrongly. "Let things be more clear but basically my requirement is the government has to agree to it, whichever government agrees to it," he said. Parrikar said he was nowhere concerned with restrictions, if any, on the movement of the companies from US to India. "If a company head wants to shift his facility from anywhere else it is his choice whether he sets up a new one. I am nowhere concerned if there is a restriction on some movement. As far as I am concerned, as of now, there is no so such issue. No one has written to me. I am only hearing it in the media," he added. Some industry experts have raised concern that Trump's push for "America First" rhetoric could intervene when the companies like Lockheed and Boeing go ahead with shifting of manufacturing units to India, responding to Modi's "Make In India" slogan. Parrikar said it is for the original equipment manufacturers, which provide technology and help strategic partner set up joint venture with Indian companies, to get approvals from their country. Meanwhile, Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapati Raju said the Airports Authority of India has decided to invest Rs 17,500 crore in the next five years for improving the existing airports. If the growth rate has to be sustained and taken forward, the country needs to innovate and invest, he said. "I am very happy that the Ministry of Defence has now partnered with civil aviation so that synergies of development help not only them but also our civil aviation because the sector is basically job creator," Raju said. He said the sector needs to increase connectivity within the country and hence the civil aviation ministry recently brought out the regional connectivity scheme. If the country is able to bring in 50 more active airports to the exiting 70-odd active airports, India can become the third largest civil aviation market in the world, the minister said. "Right now, we are ranked ninth. So we are working on it and trying to bring this synergy along with our defence synergy," he added. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Money Samsung chief Jay Lee questioned behind closed doors in arrest warrant hearing Money The dark side of the social media force Money Fed rate hike fears return to spook markets Money Corporate honcho to entrepreneur Money Time to re-think debt fund strategy after RBI stance Money Paytm to raise over Rs 1,000 crore for e-marketplace biz Live Cricket Score Live AFG 63/1 (16) ZIM (Yet to bat) Full Scorecard | Commentary Related Govt clears Delhi airport's expansion plan, says Mahesh Sharma AAI seeks arrest warrant against Vijay Mallya from Mumbai court GoAir makes partial payment of Rs 15 crore to Airports Authority to clear dues Video WATCH: John Oliver has a hilarious plan to 'educate' US President Donald Trump WATCH: Priyanka Chopra says "Bollywood has been reduced to a Zumba class" Watch: This video urges you to stop asking women to cover up View all Tags Airports Authority of India United States Donald Trump Manohar Parrikar Narendra Modi Boeing Lockheed Martin Europe Ministry of Defence Yelahanka Aero India Ashok Gajapati Raju America First Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Advertise Reprint Rights News Locals under pressure from militants to help them flee: CRPF French prosecutor keeps Fillon fake work probe open 2 poll officials killed as car falls into gorge in Ukhand Will not let AIADMK go into hands of Sasikala's family members Palaniswami likely to take oath as TN CM this evening Sport Biathlon-Kazakh team members cleared after tests return negative Wenger has experience to beat Arsenal slump, believes Ancelotti Soccer-Brilliant Bayern fire on all cylinders to out-gun Arsenal Is DRS good for the game? ICC's calculation on its success-rate will shock you Soccer-Only hard work can save Foxes from drop, says Pearson Entertainment Smurfs are teaming up with the UN! Here's why Big B gets nostalgic as he completes 48 yrs in Bollywood You won't believe how much the Robot 2.0 makers are spending to shoot the aerial stunt sequence! Diversity controversy did not impact nominations: Spencer Did Karisma Kapoor make her relationship with boyfriend Sandeep Toshniwal official to the Kapoor khandaan? Money RAL's JV with Rafale manufacturer Dassault Aviation TCS board to meet next week to consider share buyback Shemaroo,Hathway tie up to provide ad-free service on cable TV ABB India to deliver digital substation to Technopark Consultancy files complaints with Chinese government over McDonald's China sale Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Budget 2017 SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com News Others Aero India kicks off with Make in India in focus (Roundup) Aero India kicks off with Make in India in focus (Roundup) Source : Last Updated: Tue, Feb 14, 2017 20:40 hrs Tweet Mail Print Bengaluru, Feb 14 (IANS) With Make in India as its focus, and Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar wooing global aerospace firms to make their products in India, Aero India 2017 kicked off here on Tuesday, with a flypast of the indigenous-built LCA Tejas, Light Combat Helicopter, and first ever public display of the Light Utility Helicopter. Parrikar, in his inaugural address, invited aerospace firms to make their products in India, which had opened up the defence sector for foreign direct investment, partnerships, collaborations and joint ventures. "We have an ecosystem for defence manufacturing, with ease of doing business for global firms, a liberalised investment policy and norms to set up production units, joint ventures and research facilities across the country," he said as he inaugurated the 11th edition of the five-day biennial expo here. Asked if new US President Donald Trump's 'America First' may have any affect on the 'Make in India' and stop US firms from participating in the programme, Parrikar said it was not his concern. "You should have put this question to Boeing, they are there at the exhibition... Boeing, Lockheed Martin, etc. "What I will say is what I want... I want you to Make in India. If someone wants to shift production to some other place, it is his choice. I am not concerned," Parrikar said at a press conference on the sidelines of "Aero India 2017". This edition of Aero India, for the first time, combined the defence and civil aviation segments into a holistic event with the co-involvement of the Defence and Civil Aviation Ministries in the event. Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajpathi Raju was also present at the inaugural event. Raju, speaking at the occasion, highlighted that India was the fastest growing aviation sector in passenger terms in the world and held tremendous potential to graduate from the present position of being ninth in the world to being the third largest by 2022. Among the highlights on the opening day was handing over of the Indigenous Airborne Early Warning and Control System (AEW&C) christened 'Netra' to the Indian Air Force, making India the fourth nation to have developed the technology on its own, after US, Russia and Israel. Parrikar also unveiled the full scale mock-up of Indian Multi-Role Helicopter (IMRH) at Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd (HAL) Pavilion. A colourful flypast showcased India's increasing capability in manufacturing aircraft, with first ever public display of Light Utility Helicopter LUH. The Light Combat Helicopter (LCH) meanwhile left the spectators enthralled, with its manoeuvres, taking a steep rise, and even flying backwards. India is one of the few countries to have developed a combat helicopter. The air Show witnessed a fly past by the Make in India formation consisting of HTT-40, Hawk-i, Dornier-228, Su-30MKI and the Tejas Light Combat Aircraft. This was followed by the fighters tearing through the skies displaying a host of aerobatic manoeuvres - the Su 30 MKIA followed by Sweden's SAAB Gripen, Tejas LCA, the American F-16 Falcon and the French Rafale. The Yakovlev aerobatic team, the Skycats, the Surya Kiran Aerobatics Team and the Sarang helicopter display team also presented a scintillating performance. --IANS ao/vd/dg SEARCH More from Sify: talking point on sify news Latest Features 'Lioness' Sasikala's fate 'Lioness' Sasikala's fate Floor test for Sasikala When PM Modi ridiculed Manmohan Singh and Rahul Gandhi Jallikattu comes back to Alanganallur About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
Skip to main content The Straits Times World Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World United States Europe Middle East Americas Africa Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone herworldPLUS Lianhe Wanbao My Paper Omy razor SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property STCars STClassifieds STJobs STProperty STOMP tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper ZaoBao Print Edition ePaper Paris museum gets an Airbus A380 superjumbo An Airbus A380 aeroplane performing at the International Paris Airshow in June 2015.PHOTO: AFP PublishedFeb 14, 2017, 10:57 pm SGT More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4ecx Copy PARIS (REUTERS) - France honoured the A380 superjumbo with a place in its national aerospace museum on Tuesday (Feb 14), granting it equal status with the Boeing 747 even as questions pile up over the future of the industry's biggest jets. The A380 test plane, the fourth to be built and the second to actually fly in 2005, flew to Le Bourget near Paris from Toulouse with 50 technicians who will spend months adapting it for public view. It is the first time Airbus has transferred one of its test planes to a museum and a victory for curators who for years have coveted the world's largest jetliner, designed to carry up to 853 people in all-economy seating or 544 in standard layout. A380 Airbus performs acrobatic stunts!! @ Farnborough Airshow 2014 The plane will see out its retirement alongside a vintage 747 once flown by Air France and is expected to become a popular tourist attraction when it goes on display in 2018. But after fewer than 10 years in service, the A380's double-decker design is less successful commercially than designers hoped. Air France recently swapped its remaining order for two A380s for three smaller Airbus A350s, symbolising the shift in demand to a new generation of lightweight jets. Airbus insists the A380 still has a future and rejects any link between the exhibit and the A380's commercial fortunes. Boeing has also put three of its 787 Dreamliners in museums. "Museums are not just about preserving the past; they are also a window on the future," said Jacques Rocca, president of the Airitage association, set up to preserve Airbus artefacts. SHOW-STOPPER In the 1990s, Airbus' vision of the future was a super-capacity airliner able to revolutionise air travel and displace the profitable 747 by linking the world's largest travel hubs. Boeing disagreed and later developed the smaller 787, though it hedged its bets by updating the 747, with disappointing results. Since 2005, the A380 superjumbo has been a show-stopper at events like the Paris Airshow, yards from the aerospace museum at Le Bourget. Airbus and Dubai's Emirates, the largest A380 operator, say its roomy cabin is a hit with passengers. Despite this, the A380 has not proved as popular with fleet planners because of the risks of being unable to fill it up in a fragile economy, as well as advances in twin-jet design. Airbus sees demand for 1,264 very large jets like the A380 and 747-8 over 20 years: higher than Boeing's forecast of 530. But it is also expected to confirm in its annual results next week that the A380 will go back into loss after its biggest customer Emirates deferred some deliveries this year. An Airbus spokesman reaffirmed the company's delivery targets. Topics:  FRANCE MUSEUMS & GALLERIES More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4ecx Copy BrandInsider Sponsored Content imda_a1-25298_2017feb13_300x200_st_native_ad.jpg Personal Data Protection: Priority For Hospital Community Fund st_native_300x200.jpg Meet Audi's A Team at Singapore Motorshow arrival-300x200.jpg Arrival: Finally, an alien movie we can believe in sponsorednative.jpg What you need to know about Tanah Merah’s newest condominium Shopping Instant Hair Magic & Giveaway for the lucky ones! Win an iPhone 7 when you shop on Qoo10 with Citibank Card! Feel Refreshed with 1 Litre Dove Soap at $4.80! Want RAINBOW SPEAKERS? QX Quick Delivers in 3 Hrs! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Thursday 16 Feb 2017 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment Aviall, Triumph Group sign exclusive distribution agreement By Gulli Arnason in Air and Travel · February 14, 2017 Dallas, Texas-based Aviall, a wholly owned subsidiary of The Boeing Company, has signed an exclusive distribution agreement with Triumph Group, covering spare parts for Boeing, Airbus, and Bombardier aircraft, the company said. The agreement expands Aviall´s product support with Triumph Integrated Systems to include its Clemmons, North Carolina and Valencia, California sites of its Fluid Power & Actuation (FP&A) business. Products involved in this agreement include hydraulic pumps and motors, linear actuators, valves and other hydraulic actuation components used on a variety of commercial aircraft. Under this agreement, Aviall will continue to utilize its advanced technologies to support the additional FP&A locations through spare part sales, line-item forecasting, production planning, advanced provisioning and supply-chain administration. Aviall supports both commercial and defense business units within Boeing. The company is a solutions provider of aftermarket supply-chain management services for the aerospace and defense industries. It markets and distributes products for more than 240 manufacturers and offers approximately 2 million catalog items from 40 customer service centers in North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific. Aviall also provides maintenance for aviation batteries, wheels and brakes, as well as hose assembly, kitting and paint-mixing services. The company offers a complete set of supply-chain and logistics services, including order processing, stocking and fulfillment, automated inventory management and reverse logistics to OEMs (original equipment manufacturers) and customers. Related posts Widerøe to be first Embraer E190-E2 operator February 15, 2017 WiderÃ¸e, a regional airline in Scandinavia, will be the first airline in the world to... Virgin America to donate portion of fares sold through February 20 to American Heart Association February 15, 2017 To spotlight and support the work of the American Heart Association (AHA), Virgin America has... Delta extends cash tender offer to purchase additional Grupo Aeroméxico shares February 15, 2017 Delta Air Lines (NYSE: DAL) has launched a cash tender offer through the Mexican Stock... South African Airways new Airbus A330-300 begins Washington, DC-Johannesburg route February 15, 2017 South African Airways (SAA) has introduced its new Airbus A330-300 wide-body aircraft on the three-times... Southwest Airlines adds sparkling wine to onboard menu February 15, 2017 Southwest Airlines Co. (NYSE: LUV) has added sparkling wine to the carrier´s onboard offerings, the... Leave a comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « WestJet announces new Quebec routes, increased capacity Hughes demonstrates 360 degree rotary aircraft video transmissions » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 February 2017 M T W T F S S « Jan       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28   Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2017 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Michael Flynn Donald Trump ObamaCare SPONSORED: The Latino Economy Just In... Perez interrupted by progressive protesters Blog Briefing Room — 4h 46m ago Report: Trump ally to review intelligence agencies Administration — 5h 9m ago Chaffetz asks DOJ inspector general to investigate Flynn leaks House — 5h 48m ago Report: ICE detains domestic violence victim in court Administration — 6h 29m ago Report: Intelligence officials withhold information from Trump Administration — 7h 5m ago Jake Tapper fires back: Media didn't fire Flynn, Trump did Blog Briefing Room — 7h 11m ago Venezuela cuts CNN in Spanish Blog Briefing Room — 7h 14m ago Corker: Senate GOP discussing best path for Russia probe Floor Action — 7h 14m ago view all   America's CEOs are stuck between Trump and a hard place By David Bach, opinion contributor - 02/14/17 10:00 AM EST 64   © Getty Images In the weeks leading up to President Trump’s inauguration, chief executive officers around the country seemed to be falling over one another in their efforts to please the soon-to-be occupant of the White House. After Trump had twitter-shamed Carrier and Boeing into making public concessions—one on jobs, the other on the price of Air Force One—automakers Ford, General Motors, Fiat Chrysler, and Hyundai, technology companies Amazon, Sprint, and Softbank, pharmaceutical multinational Bayer, and retail giant Walmart all quickly announced plans to hire or invest in the United States. Many immediately got a tweet-on-the-back: “Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.!” Trump tweeted in January. At the time, on these pages, I wondered out loud how many more companies will give Trump a honeymoon on jobs? ADVERTISEMENT It’s clear the honeymoon is over (if ever there was one). One of the most remarkable developments of this already remarkable period has been how quickly the CEOs of major U.S. companies have turned on Trump. The proximate cause was Trump’s executive order banning all refugees and immigrants from seven Muslim countries from entering the United States.   In response, Lyft donated $1 million to the ACLU, Airbnb offered free housing to refugees left in limbo, Starbucks defiantly pledged to hire 10,000 refugees, and 97 technology companies including Apple, eBay, Facebook, and Google filed an amicus brief against the executive order. Just a few weeks earlier, the CEOs of many of these same technology companies had joined then-President-elect Trump’s technology summit at Trump Tower. What has happened—and this is the underlying cause of many CEOs’ about-face—is the realization that business is political, that it cannot go into hiding, and that companies must increasingly take sides. In a thought-provoking article published last Friday, Andrew Sullivan writes that “[o]ne of the great achievements of free society in a stable democracy is that many people, for much of the time, need not think about politics at all.” Similarly, many American CEOs, especially the entrepreneurs powering Silicon Valley, have long felt they could choose to be apolitical, to avoid taking sides on contentious issues. “[B]ecause we live under the rule of law,” Sullivan continues, “we can afford to turn the news off at times.” If CEOs have quickly learned that they cannot turn off the news, that not thinking about politics is not an option, then the credit largely goes to business’ two most important stakeholders: its customers and its employees. Uber’s travel ban debacle powerfully illustrates the point. For CEO Travis Kalanick and his company, it seemed to make political sense to join Trump’s business advisory council. After all, the incoming administration might get to write the rules for autonomous cars on which Uber has so much riding. It may have also made business sense for Uber to drop surge pricing and try to get market share when the New York Taxi Workers Alliance announced its drivers would stop driving to John F. Kennedy Airport in solidarity with anti-Trump protesters there. But the strategy dramatically backfired when #DeleteUber began trending on Twitter. Nobody knows how many customers deleted the app or how much brand damage this unforced error inflicted, but we know the effects on Uber’s strategy: Kalanick resigned from Trump’s council, sought to reassure his employees that the company stood with its many immigrant drivers and progressive urban customers, and pledged financial and legal support for any Uber driver affected by the ban. And of course, Uber joined the amicus brief. Uber’s u-turn fueled already growing efforts to mobilize customers against companies that progressives see as political or business associates of Trump and his family. Nordstrom was the next big win for the “resistance movement” when the company announced plans to drop Ivanka Trump’s fashion line from its stores and website. The company maintains that sales of the younger Trump’s products had fallen dramatically during the campaign and that it had communicated the decision to Ivanka more than a month ago. But it is hard to explain Nordstrom’s public stance in recent days without the efforts of #grabyourwallet and similar platforms channeling progressive resistance to Trump into consumer boycotts. Even Tesla, long the darling of urban progressives, has seen customers take to Twitter to publicly announce they are canceling their orders because of Elon Musk’s membership in the same business council that Travis Kalanick was forced off of by the #DeleteUber backlash. You don’t need a crystal ball to predict that boycotts of Trump-affiliated businesses will continue. After all, they are working. Shannon Coulter, co-founder of #grabyourwallet tweeted on Feb. 10 that more than half of the 15 companies that have so far been dropped from the boycott list (for “complying” with Trump opponents’ demands) have done so in the past 10 days. As importantly, at least some boycotts are clearly getting under Trump’s skin: his Twitter blasting of Nordstrom not only sent shock waves through government ethics watchdogs, it also let the company’s share price soar. What does all of this mean? It means that companies have multiple stakeholders. Trump and the federal government more generally are a clear one. Indeed, for many companies, the administration is a very important stakeholder. But it is far from the only one. Equally important, and for many companies in fact more important, are their customers and employees. As much as even Silicon Valley CEOs might want to play nice with Trump at least for the time being—lower taxes, less regulation, and more infrastructure spending is a winning formula in most boardrooms—policies such as the immigration ban that are direct attacks on the diverse workplaces many of these CEOs have carefully nurtured, and the growing resistance to all things Trump among particularly affluent urban customers, are forcing more and more companies to take sides. As CEOs find themselves increasingly between a rock and a hard place, between Trump on the one hand side and other key stakeholders on the other, the days when business could choose not to think about politics—when turning off the news was seen as an option—are clearly over. David Bach is senior associate dean and professor at the Yale School of Management, where his research and teaching include a focus on business-government relations and global market regulation. The views expressed by contributors are their own and are not the views of The Hill. Tags Business, Politics, Executives, corporate America, Donald Trump   View the discussion thread. Contributor's Signup Sign up to become a Contributor Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 GOP senators unnerved by Trump-... Senate Republicans are expressing growing concerns about the relationship... 366 Shares 2 FBI releases documents related to... The FBI on Wednesday released hundreds of pages of its notes surrounding... 299 Shares 3 Report: Intelligence officials... The information was withheld from the president in fear that that it would... 238 Shares 4 Schwarzenegger rips gerrymandering... Arnold Schwarzenegger says Congress is so unpopular that lawmakers “couldn... 157 Shares 5 'Morning Joe' host says show will... Co-host Mika Brzezinski says she will no longer allow senior White House... 156 Shares 6 Overnight Finance: Trump's Labor... Puzder withdraws nomination for Labor secretary: Andy Puzder on Wednesday... 115 Shares 7 Schumer warns of possible cover-up... Following an emergency Democratic caucus meeting Wednesday, Senate... 97 Shares 8 Cyber executive order a reasonable... OPINION | The cybersecurity EO is a well thought out and reasonable step... 97 Shares 9 House panel votes against... The House Ways and Means Committee on Tuesday rejected a Democratic push... 86 Shares 10 Priebus, Bannon trash reports of... In a joint phone call with The Hill on Wednesday, White House chief of... 83 Shares 11 Report: Trump aiming to sign... The Senate is expected to vote on Scott Pruitt's nomination this week. 71 Shares 12 Under Armour CEO walks back... Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank on Wednesday published a full-page ad in his... 68 Shares 13 GOP senator calls for exhaustive... Sen. Roy Blunt (R-Mo.) on Tuesday said there should be an exhaustive... 67 Shares 14 Humana to drop out of ObamaCare at... The insurer said the market has not stabilized enough to participate next... 61 Shares 15 'Day Without a Woman' strike set... The group behind the Women’s March on Washington in protest of Donald... 61 Shares 16 Chaffetz asks DOJ inspector... 'We have serious concerns about the potential protection of classified... 55 Shares 17 Trump signs repeal of transparency... The regulation would have required energy companies to disclose their... 55 Shares 18 Report: Trump ally to review... Feinberg is a member of Trump's economic advisory council and is a co-... 54 Shares 19 The worst job in Washington?... OPINION | Donald McGahn, who serves as President Trump's Oval Office... 51 Shares 20 McCain announces opposition to... McCain becomes first GOP senator to oppose Mick Mulvaney's nomination. 49 Shares 21 Michael Moore to Trump: 'Vacate... "What part of 'vacate you Russian traitor' don't you understand?" liberal... 49 Shares 22 Report: ICE detains domestic... An undocumented woman who was allegedly a victim of domestic violence was... 48 Shares 23 Trump staffers using app that... Trump administration staffers are reportedly communicating by using an... 47 Shares 24 Flynn puts FBI director back in... The spotlight is back on FBI Director James Comey thanks to Michael Flynn’... 47 Shares 25 Trump failed his own test on good... Throughout the presidential campaign, Donald Trump repeated a particular... 46 Shares 26 Jake Tapper fires back: Media didn... "The media, of course, did not fire General Flynn. President Trump did." 44 Shares 27 Flynn's security clearance... The suspension is a normal administrative move for clearances under "... 44 Shares 28 GOP rep: Intelligence community... Rep. Steve King (R-Iowa) questioned the veracity of assessments by the... 43 Shares 29 President rekindles feud with... President Trump is reigniting his feud with the intelligence community,... 43 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 February 2017 by Military News Triform Partners with Leading Aerospace Supplier An India-based aerospace supplier was looking to expand their capacity to meet the increasing demands of their customers which include Boeing and Airbus. They approached Beckwood with an interest in the Triform line of sheet hydroforming and stretch forming equipment to fulfill several newly awarded contracts. Beckwood is the only OEM in the world able to provide such a diverse mix of forming technologies, making them the ideal single-source supplier of precision forming equipment. To meet the customer’s requirements, Beckwood supplied a Triform tray-style fluid cell sheet hydroforming press and an extrusion stretch forming machine. Throughout the sales and engineering processes, Triform collaborated with the manufacturer to develop the ideal machinery based on their part requirements. With a 24″ x 96″ forming area and a dual shuttle system to maximize efficiency, the Triform model 2496-5BD is ideal for the low volume, high mix production requirements in the aerospace industry. During the fluid cell forming process, blank sheet material is placed over a single, unmated tool which sits on the working surface. A pressurized rubber diaphragm extends over the tool and blank, exerting equal pressure on every square inch of the part’s surface. The even application of pressure offers net shape part production while minimizing wrinkles, improving part definition, and reducing hand finishing. The 2496-5BD’s tray-style working surface not only allows the manufacturer to form large parts utilizing a single tool, but also enables them to form multiple small parts in a single cycle, increasing output. Also included in the package was a 28-ton extrusion stretch form machine. Capable of forming parts up to 120″ long, the machine boasts recipe handling capabilities and a bar code scanner for easy set-up and repeatable forming results. During the stretch forming process, metal sheets or extrusions are stretched to exceed their inherent elastic limit and formed around contoured dies to create the desired shape. This “stretching” results in stronger finished parts with better shape control, surface quality, and yield strength than rolled or drawn parts. Standard on every Triform press are several proprietary uptime-focused technologies designed to shift maintenance efforts from reactive to proactive. Using closed-loop monitoring, the on-board Pre-Preventive Maintenance system (PPM) measures component and system performance in real time and relays critical maintenance data via on-screen notifications and email. To facilitate fast, complimentary troubleshooting and remote support, a PressLink connect module was included on both machines. PressLink allows Triform technicians to access a machine’s programming structure in order to identify and resolve issues without the need for an on-site visit. “Triform is proud to support the rapidly growing aerospace market in India,” said Beckwood President, Jeffrey Debus. “Our precision machinery and unrivaled service and support capabilities keep us on the leading edge of technology and offer our customers a competitive advantage in the marketplace.” About Beckwood Press Company Beckwood Press Company is a leading hydraulic press manufacturer, located in St. Louis, MO USA. They offer quality, custom hydraulic presses for virtually every industry and application, including a line of temperature controlled presses for compression molding, composite forming and high-temperature Hot Forming / SPF applications. Beckwood also manufactures the Triform line of Sheet Hydroforming Presses in both Fluid Cell and Deep Draw configurations, hydraulic ring expanders / sizers, hot joggle presses, as well as a line of stretch forming machines for both extrusion, sheet / leading edge applications. Get the latest news from Beckwood at http://www.beckwoodpress.com/news. Read the full story at http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/02/prweb14067289.htm CategoriesUncategorized TagsCompanies, company, Industry, Markets, service, Technology, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious EarthLink Declares Final Quarterly Dividend Next PostNext American Legion, Chamber of Commerce Hosting Job Fair for Nation’s Veterans, Servicemembers in Washington, D.C. Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts 3 European Mutual Funds to Buy as Economy Revives Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&amp;P, Nasdaq Nab Streak Not Seen Since ’92 4 Zacks Rank #1 Mid-Cap Growth Funds to Buy Gibraltar Celebrates Opening of World Trade Center in the Face of Brexit Bullish Two Hundred Day Moving Average Cross – TEF Proudly powered by WordPress
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Paris museum gets an Airbus A380 superjumbo By Reuters Published: 09:46 EST, 14 February 2017 | Updated: 09:46 EST, 14 February 2017 e-mail By Tim Hepher PARIS, Feb 14 (Reuters) - France honoured the A380 superjumbo with a place in its national aerospace museum on Tuesday, granting it equal status with the Boeing 747 even as questions pile up over the future of the industry's biggest jets. The A380 test plane, the fourth to be built and the second to actually fly in 2005, flew to Le Bourget near Paris from Toulouse with 50 technicians who will spend months adapting it for public view. It is the first time Airbus has transferred one of its test planes to a museum and a victory for curators who for years have coveted the world's largest jetliner, designed to carry up to 853 people in all-economy seating or 544 in standard layout. The plane will see out its retirement alongside a vintage 747 once flown by Air France and is expected to become a popular tourist attraction when it goes on display in 2018. But after fewer than 10 years in service, the A380's double-decker design is less successful commercially than designers hoped. Air France recently swapped its remaining order for two A380s for three smaller Airbus A350s, symbolising the shift in demand to a new generation of lightweight jets. Airbus insists the A380 still has a future and rejects any link between the exhibit and the A380's commercial fortunes. Boeing has also put three of its 787 Dreamliners in museums. "Museums are not just about preserving the past; they are also a window on the future," said Jacques Rocca, president of the Airitage association, set up to preserve Airbus artefacts. SHOW-STOPPER In the 1990s, Airbus's vision of the future was a super-capacity airliner able to revolutionise air travel and displace the profitable 747 by linking the world's largest travel hubs. Boeing disagreed and later developed the smaller 787, though it hedged its bets by updating the 747, with disappointing results. Since 2005, the A380 superjumbo has been a show-stopper at events like the Paris Airshow, yards from the aerospace museum at Le Bourget. Airbus and Dubai's Emirates, the largest A380 operator, say its roomy cabin is a hit with passengers. Despite this, the A380 has not proved as popular with fleet planners because of the risks of being unable to fill it up in a fragile economy, as well as advances in twin-jet design. Airbus sees demand for 1,264 very large jets like the A380 and 747-8 over 20 years: higher than Boeing's forecast of 530. But it is also expected to confirm in its annual results next week that the A380 will go back into loss after its biggest customer Emirates deferred some deliveries this year. An Airbus spokesman reaffirmed the company's delivery targets. (Reporting by Tim Hepher; Editing by Keith Weir) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Squeaky clean Holly Willoughby suffers wardrobe malfunction as she unwittingly slips out of flimsy top in throwback clip to kids' TV days 'A man can try': Jamie O'Hara admits he IS trying to win back his model ex on Dubai break... and reveals the real reason he dumped Bianca Gascoigne 'I don't feel myself at the moment': Miranda Hart 'hints mystery illness forced her to pull out of Call The Midwife'... months after citing busy schedule as her reason 'So proud of my baby!' Kim Kardashian heaps praise on Kanye West as they head out after his 'amazing' New York Fashion Week show 'She's a golddigger': Ferne McCann is slammed for 'forgetting her purse' and not offering to pay while romancing on Celebs Go Dating Still strutting! Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid walk in their third NYFW show in one day as they join Taylor Hill on the Ralph Lauren catwalk  They believe in Yeezy! Kylie Jenner wraps up as she takes Tyga to Kanye West's NYFW show Pier 59 Studios played host  Lady Gaga 'gave her engagement ring back to Taylor Kinney' before going public with new beau Christian Carino Broke up in July Tara Palmer-Tomkinson NEVER had a brain tumour despite claiming she was ill her sister reveals as friends say the It Girl made it up 'as a cry for help' 'I'm SO embarrassed': Atomic Kitten's Michelle Heaton is left red-faced when Lorraine Kelly grills her on being sick out of a taxi while on Australian tour 'He's on his way!' Kirk Norcross gets some rest as his mystery girlfriend goes into labour... amid row with ex over access to his baby daughter CBB's Bianca Gascoigne slams ex-boyfriend CJ Meeks after he was spotted on a date with lookalike blonde model 'You make me and mum smile every single day': Dan Osborne shares sweet posts of daughter Ella with Jacqueline Jossa as their toddler turns two Crisis on the cobbles! Coronation Street bosses 'at loggerheads over disturbing child grooming storyline'... as viewers express their 'discomfort' George Clooney, 55, is 'excited but nervous' about having twins with wife Amal Clooney, 39  Like any first-time parent, actor is understandably anxious  'Those sleepless nights!': Matt Damon jokes about George Clooney's delayed start and becoming an old dad at 55 Mariah Carey makes triumphant return to real-time TV on Jimmy Kimmel Live after NYE Times Square debacle  Passionate performance on live TV Date night! Mariah Carey and Bryan Tanaka grab sushi before heading to Lakers game... after she debuts new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live Holding down the homefront! Kourtney Kardashian takes children out on the West Coast as brother-in-law Kanye West debuts new collection A model family! Teresa Giudice's daughter Milania walks the runway at Rookies New York Fashion Week show Stylish duo Helen Mirren oozes sophistication in power suit and red lace camisole as she attends The Great Wall premiere with husband Taylor Hackford So in love! Matt Damon looks besotted with wife Luciana Barroso as he takes her to The Great Wall premiere in LA One of the luckiest men around Date night! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend glam up for another evening out together after Valentine's Day Time to hit the town again Singer Boy George reveals he was having a drug-induced 'psychotic episode' when he kept a male escort prisoner in his London flat Chloe Who-is? Defiant Jake Hall dismisses ex Chloe Lewis' new romance revelation as he enjoys date night with lookalike girlfriend Missé Beqiri Model mother! Lara Bingle dotes over son Rocket Zot and her precious newborn as she jets out of New York  'It was an emotional reunion': Jeremy McConnell has finally met his four-week-old son Caben-Albi... and also spent time with ex Stephanie Davis 'It seems like 2017 is the year to get pregnant': Heidi Montag congratulates former The Hills co-stars Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad on baby news Catherine Zeta-Jones turns on the glamour as she heads to LAX with Michael Douglas and their teenage daughter Carys Always chic 'We should have bashed each other!' Trainspotting's Danny Boyle says he and Ewan McGregor would have settled their feud earlier if they'd had a punch up Rhian Sugden nails the Playboy look as she shows off her incredible cleavage and tiny waist in iconic corset with bunny ears for sizzling video Newsnight presenter Kirsty Wark suffered 'hard menopause' after ditching HRT over cancer fears  The 62-year-old endured sleepless nights  Sheer delight! Christie Brinkley wears VERY thin sweater while out with daughters in NYC The 63-year-old siren donned a super sheer sweater Baby's first catwalk! Coco Austin and Ice-T help adorable daughter Chanel walk the runway at Rookie USA NY Fashion Week show Braless Paris Jackson shows off nipple rings as she enjoys girl's day out in LA before an altercation at a gas station Ashley Greene looks elegant in flowing split dress at Hollywood premiere of In Dubious Battle  Stole the show in her super chic dress A model metabolism! Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner grab greasy McDonald's as they head to another NYFW show She's no shrinking violet! Kim Kardashian forgoes her bra in sheer purple outfit at Kanye's Yeezy Season 5 show in New York 'I was nervous about the fans': Bella Heathcote feared public reaction to her role as Christian Grey's ex in Fifty Shades Darker Silver siren! Gwen Stefani stuns in metallic mini dress with matching glittered shoes for appearance on The Tonight Show Like mother like daughter! Cindy Crawford and Kaia Gerber look supermodel chic as they get ready for NYFW Looked like sisters Mel Gibson in talks to direct Suicide Squad sequel as Oscar nominee continues to enjoy career renaissance Sheer-ly amazing! Mandy Moore flashes her bra in Victorian-inspired lace at the Marchesa show during NYFW Model family! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber upstaged by kids Kaia and Presley at NYC Marc Jacobs event Center of attention What is her recipe? Domestic goddess Nigella Lawson, 57, looks remarkably wrinkle-free as she steps out in style for a night of revelry Legs for days! Cameron Diaz shows off pencil thin stems in skintight jeans while out in Beverly Hills Leggy lady Her biggest fans! Charlotte McKinney flashes some skin as she celebrates her Ocean Drive cover with her parents in Miami Bodacious in blue! Mariah Carey shows off curves in skintight mini dress as she arrives for first performance since NYE debacle From crop tops to cocktail frocks! Coco Rocha goes to two shows back-to-back and manages to make a full outfit change with minutes to spare  New 'do! Lea Michele shows off sleek shorter hair while out and about in LA after debuting it at Grammys Glee alum looked in good spirits  Top of the crops! Gorgeous Martha Hunt flashes cleavage and toned tummy at Michael Kors NYFW show The 27-year-old kept up with appearances  Back again! Ashley Graham shows off her incredible curves in tiny bikinis as she returns to the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue In slinky swimwear  Jessica Biel stuns in classy black lace dress as she sits front row at the Ralph Lauren NYFW show Stole the show Brooke Shields, 51, shows off youthful glow and flawless complexion while taking in an off-Broadway show in NYC Can still rock a red carpet  Heavenly! Olivia Culpo stands out in frilly ruched frock as she sits front row at Marchesa's NYFW runway show She's a former beauty queen She's 58, with four children already - one of whom she's lost custody of - so why WAS Madonna allowed to adopt these twins? 'I've not seen my sister in EIGHT years': Mel B's estranged sibling Danielle Brown shoots down reports of a family reunion as long-running feud continues 'What is your intention with her?': Corrine's nanny grills Nick Viall in teaser for Bachelor hometown dates episode Katherine Heigl looks slim in white blouse and jeans two months after welcoming son Joshua Jr.  Introduced her newborn on the Late Late Show  Bandaged Chloe Khan exhibits results of 'corrective nose job'... after admitting she's spent £50K going under the knife Blue singer Lee Ryan set to 'ruffle feathers and break hearts' as he lands a role in EastEnders as Albert Square's 'colourful' new bad boy California here we come! Sam Faiers and her boyfriend Paul Knightley share hugs with their adorable son Paul Jr. as they excitedly jet off to LA Rolling in the dough! Adele earned more than £500k EACH NIGHT on her hugely successful Live tour last year  Unprecedented success  Katherine Heigl shows off newborn son Joshua Jr as she reveals John Mayer helped husband Josh Kelley get serious about their relationship 'It wasn't just the flu!' Ailing Vicky Pattison scolds fan after being accused of wasting a 'valuable hospital bed' for virus Defended herself  'She got very offended': Regis Philbin reveals Kelly Ripa took his departure personally and explains they do not 'really' stay in contact Lady Mary's Valentine kiss for tragic fiance: Michelle Dockery posts poignant selfie with caption 'kiss cancer goodbye' John Dineen died of brain cancer in 2015 'I'm even excited about being tired': Mahershala Ali scores THR cover and Oscar nominee discusses childhood 'melancholy' and pending fatherhood Susan Sarandon and Lindsay Lohan among celebs enjoying night at risque NY club The Box - but Trump adviser Elon Musk stays out of view as Pussy Riot yell 'f**k Trump, f**k Putin' Airing his dirty laundry! Lauren Goodger spends Valentine's Day in PRISON with jailbird Joey Morrison... and leaves with his washing  Chloe Goodman strips down to just a thong while undergoing non-surgical 'booty makeover'... after previously working as a bum double for Cheryl  Mario Falcone 'set to make explosive return to TOWIE two years after slimming pill suspension'... despite insisting he's 'too intelligent' for show  Bootylicious! Jennifer Lopez posts very cheeky Valentine's day snap in a sexy red clinging two-piece Gave followers a treat Charlotte Crosby shows off her endless legs beneath skin-tight mini for circus launch... after posing in just lingerie ahead of solo Valentine's day MIC's Tiffany Watson adds a little sex appeal to her date night outfit in a lace bralet and fishnet tights as she joins beau Sam Thompson for pre-LFW bash Clothing optional! Nicki Minaj poses topless on a bed as she jokes about her stripper past in latest naughty Instagram post Freezing for fashion? Jessica Gomes takes a solo stroll in FREEZING New York conditions wearing a stylish thin camisole and velvet blazer . Kendall Jenner didn't make Kanye's Yeezy 5 show because she was busy walking the runway for Anna Sui with pals Gigi and Bella Hadid 'How cute!' Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid deliver McDonald's feast to sister Kim Kardashian after Kanye's Yeezy 5 show No point being coy now! Audacious Lisa Appleton bares breasts in sheer lace bodysuit for night out... before covering her face with a tiger mask TOWIE star Chloe Sims gets a little heavy-handed with the bronzer as she picks out mother-daughter fluffy coats for girls' night with Madison, 11 Justin Bieber 'named as suspect in assault investigation'... after video surfaced of him fighting man twice his size A memoir.... that Mick Jagger doesn't remember writing! Publisher claims he has manuscript of autobiography written during the 1980s  Kylie Jenner arrives LATE to join Kim Kardashian at Kanye's Yeezy 5 show... as Khloe, Kourtney, Kendall and even Kris Jenner are absent 'I'm open!' Susan Sarandon, 70, declares herself BISEXUAL as she reveals she would date a woman Promoting new movie  Bella Hadid dons lace bodysuit for Valentine's Day dinner with Kaia and Presley Gerber in New York The friends made quite the stylish group  'I owe him everything!': Blake Lively looks flirty in floral as she praises Michael Kors while cheering on his fashion show with Anna Wintour Kate Upton keeps her voluptuous figure under wraps with a heavy coat as she plugs her latest Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue Glammed-up Frankie Bridge leads The Saturdays' reunion with Vanessa White as they support bandmate Una Healy's first headline solo gig No jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio looks bright as she bares her toned tummy in a crop top at Sao Paulo airport Looks good anywhere EXCLUSIVE: Never-before-seen pictures of secretly pregnant Marilyn Monroe, who confided that her Lco-star Yves Montand was the baby's father Look away Keith! Nicole Kidman wraps her arms around Moonlight star Mahershala Ali as she talks first kiss in W magazine 'I'm not a size two but I'm strong!': Serena Williams strips off her tennis skirt to look sensational in Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue Charli XCX flashes her cleavage and abs in sheer crop top emblazoned with the words 'Sex Symbol' as she makes head-turning arrival at NME Awards Pregnant Billie Faiers masks her bump while going edgy in embroidered denim as she brings daughter Nelly to star-studded kids' bash 'You need to eat a few wholesome meals hun': Abbey Clancy sparks concerns among fans as she shares super-slim selfie Concerned response 'I have the utmost respect for her': Carlos Santana APOLOGISES after claiming Adele won Grammys because Beyonce is 'beautiful but not a singer' Kendall Jenner flaunts her figure in quirky tasselled dress as she storms the runway with Bella Hadid and Ashley Graham at Michael Kors' NYFW show Kesha submits emails in court case against her 'abuser' Dr. Luke who criticised her for breaking juice cleanse and called her a 'fat f**king refrigerator' 'Curvy' model Hunter McGrady dedicates her nude Sports Illustrated's spread to 'every woman who has ever felt uncomfortable in her body' 'Lies! Lies!': Jessica Biel is shocked to hear about ancestors as she and Courteney Cox explore roots on Who Do You Think You Are? Karlie Kloss apologizes after backlash over 'culturally insensitive' Geisha-themed photo shoot in Vogue's issue meant to celebrate diversity Hollywood activist Shailene Woodley talks about 'inspiring' meeting with Malia Obama during a Dakota pipeline protest Wonderful in winter white! Hailey Baldwin shows off her toned legs as she heads to Kanye West's Yeezy 5 show Show of support Social butterfly! Paris Hilton spring-time ready in a garden print dress at the Vivienne Tam show during NYFW Blooming lovely MIC's Stephanie Pratt flashes her bra in a semi-sheer nude bodycon after wowing in a bridal inspired gown as she launches new fashion line Strip club being sued by Joanna Krupa for using her picture in ads without permission hits back claiming she's too 'pretty' to work there Gigi to the rescue! Hadid the model citizen lends a hand after woman is knocked over on New York sidewalk Helped disentangle a pavement pileup 'Yet another breathtaking view': Oprah Winfrey and Reese Witherspoon explore New Zealand in between filming scenes for new Disney movie Specs appeal! Nicole Kidman rocks eyeglasses as she bundles up in puffer jacket on NYC set of Untouchable with Bryan Cranston She's with Rio, she is a showgirl! Kate Wright flaunts her amazing figure in racy bikini flashback... as Ferdinand romance shocks TOWIE cast Naked ambition! Gigi Hadid's younger sister Bella strips off her clothes to flash her chest in V Magazine after taking NYFW by storm 'Never a rivalry like theirs': Susan Sarandon and Jessica Lange get their claws out as Bette Davis and Joan Crawford in new trailer for FX's Feud Matt Damon reveals it took 12 hours and 700 extensions to get his long man bun for The Great Wall role He found the process 'weird.' 'A little shot of fireball gets a girl going!': RHOBH star Erika Jayne, 45, shows off fit figure in blue lingerie for very racy XXPEN$IVE music video 'They are at it again!': Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna have ANOTHER major fight as rumors of their split continue 'My greatest fear is that I won't wake up': Lisa Riley breaks down over major surgery fears... ahead of 'excess skin removal and having her lady garden tidied' 'She looks like a waxwork': Holly Hagan's fans are divided over star's transformation as they struggle to recognise her following very glam makeover Hugh Jackman evacuated from the set of The Greatest Showman after fire breaks out Shooting on Sunday when blaze began Nick Cannon was 'shaken to his core' over treatment by NBC after race gag lead to him quitting America's Got Talent Harrison Ford is spotted for the first time returning to the airport where he nearly flew INTO a Boeing 737 as FAA reveals investigation delay  Braless Jess Woodley poses in her underwear and a sexy matching camisole... as she hints at the real reason she quit Made In Chelsea Critics demand Khloe Kardashian's Protein World Tube advert is scrapped by London Underground for 'body shaming' young women  Sienna Miller flashes her bra in sheer jumper as she helps launch clothes designer sister Savannah's bridal collection Five years after dropping shared fashion range The tight stuff! Glam Frankie Essex shows off slimmed-down figure in leather trousers as she heads out for night on the town  That's no reason to feel blue! Louisa Johnson shows off her new electric hair colour as she's unveiled as the face of L'Oreal's Colorista That's one supportive wife! Kim Kardashian posts image where she's beaming at Kanye West hours before his Yeezy 5 show Cindy Crawford and husband Rande Gerber keep the romance alive with sweet Valentine's Day date after nearly 20 years of marriage Sofia Richie flashes her derriere in white thong bodysuit as she teases Kanye West's Yeezy 5 runway show Teased her Instagram followers  Love (Actually) is on the air! Director Richard Curtis reveals plans to unveil a TV sequel to his hit romantic comedy especially for Comic Relief Hilary Duff's ex-husband Mike Comrie pictured out in LA for the first time since former NHL star was accused of 'raping a woman at his home' Pregnant Natalie Portman shows off blossoming bump as she hikes with mother Shelley while counting down to baby No. 2 TOWIE newcomer Yazmin flashes her bra in plunging red blazer as she goes hand-in-hand with new love interest James Lock during filming Starting to show! Ryan Lochte's fiancée Kayla Rae Reid proudly displays growing baby bump in white crop top for mirror selfie Kanye West turns out a camouflage-packed runway for Yeezy Season 5 at his first New York Fashion Week show since his breakdown 'She looks like Jane Pountney!' Katie Price's neighbour is compared to cheating former friend after posing for Valentine's Day selfie with Kieran Hayler Celia Imrie reveals she was celebrating Bastille Day in Nice during last year's terrorist attack that left 84 dead, adding 'it was a miracle I survived'  Jemma Lucy flaunts her pert posterior in a thong in new sultry Insta... days after revealing desire for another boob job to boost her G Cup bust Made In Chelsea's Georgia Toffolo risks a wardrobe malfunction in perilously short mini as she joins leggy co-star Frankie Gaff at LFW bash Revlon ambassador Gwen Stefani talks about 'choosing love' with Blake Shelton but says she spent Valentine's Day alone Jennifer Lopez, Rachel McAdams, and David Beckham star in stunning pictures for photographer Marc Hom's portrait book EXCLUSIVE: SStar Trek's William Shatner goes boldly into court demanding that a $170 million lawsuit by a radio DJ claiming to be his son be thrown out Something to celebrate? Kimberley Walsh and Sarah Harding post gushing tributes to pregnant pal Cheryl... as she counts down to giving birth 'They walked in while I was pushing!': Jessa Duggar reveals her second home birth was so quick her mother and sister almost missed it 'We were actually homeless': Daniel MacPherson reveals struggles of US move alongside wife Zoe Ventoura   'I had $40 and an address!' Nina Agdal reveals she came to America with nothing but a modeling dream just six years ago Red hot Selena Gomez gives a peek at incredibly toned legs in sexy high-slit dress on Valentine's Day Showing a little leg in her chic dress 'She's grown so much!': Pregnant Cally Jane Beech shares throwback baby scan snap as she admits the experience has been emotional John McCain gets Punk'd! Ashton Kutcher blows the senator a kiss during Foreign Relations hearing as they give Obama and Biden a run for their money 'You have to f***ing watch it': Lena Dunham understands why Taylor Swift did not speak up during election Gave opinion in Rolling Stone chat Hilary Duff's ex-husband, former NHL star Mike Comrie is investigated by police for 'raping a woman at his Los Angeles home'  Tallia Storm borrows from the Seventies as she flaunts her taut abs in chic hippy coord while joining a bevy of stars at glitzy pre-LFW bash Quick change artist: Blake Lively switches up her style for second show during New York Fashion Week She went from flirty in floral Braless Emily Ratajkowski shows off her perky assets and enviable abs in racy crop top with sexy secretary style skirt at Michael Kors show   'Sassy!': Blac Chyna sizzles in sheer red dress which leaves little to the imagination in racy Instagram snap An eye-popping display  Not runway ready! Sara Sampaio is makeup-free and wearing odd blue coat as she heads to a show for New York Fashion Week . Sylvester Stallone's model daughter Sistine, 18, makes an elegant fashion fan in a little navy dress as she attends Michael Kors' runway show at NYFW She sure shakes it up! Bella Thorne is spotted grabbing a healthy lunch with a mystery man in LA after being linked to Sam Pepper One last workout! Kim Kardashian hits the gym ahead of husband Kanye West's comeback show at New York Fashion Week  Brooke Burke-Charvet, 45, shows off her super-fit physique in a bandeau bikini as she shares a steamy kiss with husband David in St. Barts Moment 'smirking' X Factor winner James Arthur is smashed over the head with a pint glass by a thug who had just discovered he'd slept with his girlfriend  Kanye West heads to Yeezy Season Five presentation at NYFW... following 'disastrous' show last fall Grunge-inspired Ashley James rocks a quirky bomber and chunky boots as she heads out in London with pal Charlotte de Carle Prue Leith CONFIRMS she's up for Mary Berry's job on  GBBO... as the saucy 13-year affair she had with her mum's best friend's husband is revealed Ruffling feathers? Make-up free Billie Piper opts for a low-key look as she faces off against a swan Family time Her crown jewels! Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks regally racy as she flaunts her ample chest in VERY revealing gown on the set of The Royals They could be sisters! Kate Upton, 24, joins forces with Christie Brinkley, 63, to plug Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue on Today 'Love of my life!': Rosario Dawson and comedian Eric Andre reveal they are dating in a series of sweet snaps on Valentine's Day Fresh as a daisy! Catherine Zeta Jones, 47, flaunts her tiny waist in a floral dress at Feud event in New York  She always exudes elegance Courtney Stodden puts on a busty display in plunging top as she spends Valentine's Day with celebrity surgeon who dated Heather Locklear 'I was born in BEIRUT!' Keanu Reeves slams Alison Hammond as she quizzes him about his Essex roots... despite him telling her he has never been  'Happy mom, happy life!': Mila Kunis wears statement top in LA as it's revealed she 'made out with' Ashton Kutcher during recent date night Hilary Duff and new beau Matthew Koma celebrated V-Day in Costa Rica... as her ex faces rape charges Stayed at lavish resort 'Life is about to get crazy!': Country star Thomas Rhett discovers wife is pregnant just as they adopt African baby Announced the news on social media  'Your girl fell in love with me': The Weeknd taunts Justin Bieber in new song as he continues to romance the Sorry singer's ex Selena Gomez Giving us the shoulder! Orange Is The New Black star Laverne Cox dazzles in sexy black dress as she talks new CBS show Doubt Chic and sophisticated 'Who thought a high functioning sociopath could be so popular?' Benedict's delight as Sherlock is voted the world's favourite BBC TV character  Someone making you smile? Chloe Lewis flashes a coy grin as she heads out to film for TOWIE... after revealing new romance with mystery beau RA boss Neil Portnow says Grammys don't have 'race problem' and claims Kanye skipped show due to 'medical concerns' Still feeling the love! Denzel Washington and wife of 33 years Pauletta have a ball at Lakers game on Valentine's Day Alex Mytton makes up with girlfriend Lottie Moss following Valentine's fallout as they cosy up during day in New York 'I went through every phase - too skinny, too fat!': Christie Brinkley, 63, appears on Today with daughters to talk body image Talked haters Liv Tyler wraps up warm in a chic navy coat as she goes arm-in-arm with her fiancé Dave Gardner in Paris Celebrating Valentine's Day in style  Victoria's Secret model Josephine Skriver flaunts her impeccably toned abs and eye-popping cleavage in sizzling swimwear campaign Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Photos Videos Topics Live AFG 63/1 (16) - ZIM (Yet to bat) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Rahul Gandhi Sasikala Assembly Elections 2017 UP Elections 2017 Raees Home Money Not worried if cos are torn between "America First, "Make in Shares1 Tue, 14 Feb 2017-08:16pm , PTI Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar today said it was not his worry or concern that some companies like Boeing and Lockheed Martin could find themselves torn between the slogans of "America First" of US President Donald Trump and "Make in India" of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. These companies can sign military contracts by quoting from any plant existing around the globe, Parrikar told reporters after inaugurating the five-day "Aero India" air show at Yelahanka airbase here. "These companies are multinational in all regards. They may have plant in Europe. They may have plant in some other parts of the world. They may have plant in USA. They can quote from any of these areas. So it is not my concern and I don't worry about it much because interpretations are taken wrongly...", he said. "Let things be more clear, but basically my requirement is the government has to agree to it, whichever government agrees to it." He said he was nowhere concerned with restrictions, if so, on the movement of the companies from US to India. "If a company wants to shift his facility from anywhere else it is his choice whether he sets up a new one. I am nowhere concerned with it, and if there is a restriction on some movement. As far as I am concerned, as of now, there is no so such issue. No one has written to me. I am only hearing it in the media," he added. Some industry experts have raised concerns that Trump's push for "America First" rhetoric could perhaps intervene when the companies like Lockheed and Boeing go ahead with shifting of manufacturing units to India, responding to Modi's "Make In India' slogan. "As far as I am concerned, as of now, there is no such issue. No one has written to me, I only hear it in the media," he said. Parrikar said it is for the OEMs, who provide technology and help strategic partner to set up joint venture with Indian companies, to get approvals from their country. Union Civil Aviation Minister Pusapati Ashok Gajapati Raju said the Airports Authority of India has decided to invest Rs 17,500 crore in the next five years for improving the existing airports. If the growth rate has to be sustained and taken forward, the country needs to innovate and invest, he added. I am very happy actually that the Ministry of Defence has partnered now with civil aviation, so that the synergies of development will help, not only them, but also our civil aviation because civil aviation is basically job creator", he said. Raju also said the civil aviation also needs to increase the connectivity within the country, and hence the civil aviation ministry has recently brought out the regional connectivity scheme. If the country is able to bring in 50 more active airports to the exiting 70-odd active airports, India can become the third largest civil aviation market in the world. "Right now, we are ranked ninth. So we are working on it and trying to bring this synergy along with our defence synergy," he added. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP < China to launch first cargo spacecraft in April   Comments   Also Read Money Samsung chief Jay Lee questioned behind closed doors in arrest warrant hearing Money The dark side of the social media force Money Fed rate hike fears return to spook markets Money Corporate honcho to entrepreneur Money Time to re-think debt fund strategy after RBI stance Money Paytm to raise over Rs 1,000 crore for e-marketplace biz < Previous ArticleNext Article > China to launch first cargo spacecraft in April Live Cricket Score Live AFG 63/1 (16) ZIM (Yet to bat) Full Scorecard | Commentary Related Govt clears Delhi airport's expansion plan, says Mahesh Sharma AAI seeks arrest warrant against Vijay Mallya from Mumbai court GoAir makes partial payment of Rs 15 crore to Airports Authority to clear dues Video WATCH: John Oliver has a hilarious plan to 'educate' US President Donald Trump WATCH: Priyanka Chopra says "Bollywood has been reduced to a Zumba class" Watch: This video urges you to stop asking women to cover up View all Tags Airports Authority of India Donald Trump Manohar Parrikar Narendra Modi USA Boeing Lockheed Martin Europe Ministry of Defence Yelahanka America First Aero India Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Advertise Reprint Rights News Locals under pressure from militants to help them flee: CRPF French prosecutor keeps Fillon fake work probe open 2 poll officials killed as car falls into gorge in Ukhand Will not let AIADMK go into hands of Sasikala's family members Palaniswami likely to take oath as TN CM this evening Sport Biathlon-Kazakh team members cleared after tests return negative Wenger has experience to beat Arsenal slump, believes Ancelotti Soccer-Brilliant Bayern fire on all cylinders to out-gun Arsenal Is DRS good for the game? ICC's calculation on its success-rate will shock you Soccer-Only hard work can save Foxes from drop, says Pearson Entertainment Smurfs are teaming up with the UN! Here's why Big B gets nostalgic as he completes 48 yrs in Bollywood You won't believe how much the Robot 2.0 makers are spending to shoot the aerial stunt sequence! Diversity controversy did not impact nominations: Spencer Did Karisma Kapoor make her relationship with boyfriend Sandeep Toshniwal official to the Kapoor khandaan? Money RAL's JV with Rafale manufacturer Dassault Aviation TCS board to meet next week to consider share buyback Shemaroo,Hathway tie up to provide ad-free service on cable TV ABB India to deliver digital substation to Technopark Consultancy files complaints with Chinese government over McDonald's China sale Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #BudgetSpeech #Personal I-T rate #Budget2017 #PopulistBudget #IRCTC News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-IANS » Business-Economy Pakistan summons Indian envoy over ceasefire violations Business Standard Parrikar not concerned with 'America First' call IANS  |  Bengaluru  February 14, 2017 Last Updated at 18:00 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UTPifB ALSO READ India to seek armed drones technology from US during Manohar Parrikar's visit Manohar Parrikar is a friend and I am proud of it: Nana Patekar India should say 'responsibly' than 'no first use': Parrikar on nuclear doctrine Manohar Parrikar says submarine document leak 'a case of hacking' Defence procurement related exercise to yield results in 2017: Manohar Parrikar Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar on Tuesday said the "America First" call of US President Donald Trump is not a concern for India or the Make in India programme. Asked if Trump's America First would come in the way of Make in India and stop US firms from participating in the programme, Parrikar said: "You should have put this question to Boeing, they are there at the exhibition... Boeing, Lockheed Martin, etc." "What I will say is what I want... I want you to Make in India. If someone wants to shift production to some other place, it is his choice. I am not concerned," Parrikar said at a press conference on the sidelines of "Aero India 2017". He also said that he has so far just heard of it, and there is no official communication from the US government. "As far as we are concerned, there is so far no issue, there is no letter. I am only hearing about it," he said. Explaining it further, the minister said: "An OEM (original equipment manufacturer) helping a strategic partner will need their government's approval. If they are proposing something, their government will give them in-principle approval, so that they can quote." Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju said that Boeing is already manufacturing beams in Nagpur, and the HAL (Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd) is making doors for Airbus. "Aviation manufacturing is going to a lot of countries, so it is better to ask the companies what their stand is," Raju said. Parrikar supplemented it by saying: "India is already part of a global supply chain." --IANS ao/nir/vt (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On India | Manohar Parrikar | News-ians | Business-economy PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Banking conveinience on the go, anytime...anywhere Save Tax on Your Premium u s 80D Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Double Benefits Cashless Treatments plus Tax Savings Free Brokerage for 1st Month Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Exploring Untapped Potential of Mutual Funds. IIM Bangalore: Aerospace Management Programme Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Supercharge your Indian property portfolio Main Jahan, Mera Bank Wahan New to investing in shares? Open 100% Paperless Demat Account in just 15 mins. Bengal Global Business Summit. click here Your Loan Eligibility Holds the Key to Your Dream Home Rise and fall of Bitcoin, does history repeat itself? New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Why are More People Applying for Personal Loans? Parrikar not concerned with 'America First' call Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar on Tuesday said the "America First" call of US President Donald Trump is not a concern for India or the Make in India programme. Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar on Tuesday said the "America First" call of US President Donald Trump is not a concern for India or the Make in India programme. Asked if Trump's America First would come in the way of Make in India and stop US firms from participating in the programme, Parrikar said: "You should have put this question to Boeing, they are there at the exhibition... Boeing, Lockheed Martin, etc." "What I will say is what I want... I want you to Make in India. If someone wants to shift production to some other place, it is his choice. I am not concerned," Parrikar said at a press conference on the sidelines of "Aero India 2017". He also said that he has so far just heard of it, and there is no official communication from the US government. "As far as we are concerned, there is so far no issue, there is no letter. I am only hearing about it," he said. Explaining it further, the minister said: "An OEM (original equipment manufacturer) helping a strategic partner will need their government's approval. If they are proposing something, their government will give them in-principle approval, so that they can quote." Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju said that Boeing is already manufacturing beams in Nagpur, and the HAL (Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd) is making doors for Airbus. "Aviation manufacturing is going to a lot of countries, so it is better to ask the companies what their stand is," Raju said. Parrikar supplemented it by saying: "India is already part of a global supply chain." --IANS ao/nir/vt (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Parrikar not concerned with 'America First' call Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar on Tuesday said the "America First" call of US President Donald Trump is not a concern for India or the Make in India programme. Asked if Trump's America First would come in the way of Make in India and stop US firms from participating in the programme, Parrikar said: "You should have put this question to Boeing, they are there at the exhibition... Boeing, Lockheed Martin, etc." "What I will say is what I want... I want you to Make in India. If someone wants to shift production to some other place, it is his choice. I am not concerned," Parrikar said at a press conference on the sidelines of "Aero India 2017". He also said that he has so far just heard of it, and there is no official communication from the US government. "As far as we are concerned, there is so far no issue, there is no letter. I am only hearing about it," he said. Explaining it further, the minister said: "An OEM (original equipment manufacturer) helping a strategic partner will need their government's approval. If they are proposing something, their government will give them in-principle approval, so that they can quote." Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju said that Boeing is already manufacturing beams in Nagpur, and the HAL (Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd) is making doors for Airbus. "Aviation manufacturing is going to a lot of countries, so it is better to ask the companies what their stand is," Raju said. Parrikar supplemented it by saying: "India is already part of a global supply chain." --IANS ao/nir/vt (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 February 2017 by Military News Aviator From Jeppesen Integrates EFB Apps In Single Framework ENGLEWOOD, Colo., Feb. 14, 2017 — Jeppesen, a Boeing Company, today introduces Jeppesen Aviator – a new pilot resource suite that unites essential electronic flight bag (EFB) resources into an all-in-one app for mobile iOS and Windows devices. Aviator is a Jeppesen and Boeing collaboration that integrates typically independent EFB features into a single point of access that reduces pilot time spent with data entry and accessing individual apps. It also shares data between EFB functions to streamline workflows, reduce pilot head-down time, eliminate human errors and enhance operational efficiency. „Jeppesen Aviator is the result of a joint development process by Jeppesen and Boeing to understand customer needs related to EFB functionality provided in a single, unified flight deck resource,” said Tim Huegel, director, Jeppesen Flight Deck Solutions. „We look forward to introducing Aviator with our airline customers worldwide to highlight the advantages of a fully integrated pre-flight, in-flight and post-flight resource and continue to refine this dynamic solution for the next generation of EFB interaction.” Aviator combines multiple Jeppesen and Boeing EFB functions in a single framework for airline and military pilots, including: Aviator features multiple sources of information redundancy, to ensure operational continuity and reduce the risk of grounded aircraft. This includes the digital navigation backup solution Trip Kit on Demand, backup stored flight plans and device-to-device synching to share flight plans, flight information and trip kits, ensuring the flight crew has the same information across their mobile devices.  Aviator also reduces the impact of user training requirements, through the common interface platform and familiar functionality across all Aviator features. Please see our product Web page for more information on Jeppesen Aviator. For further detail on the industry-leading navigation, operations, training and optimization solutions provided by Jeppesen, please visit www.jeppesen.com. About Jeppesen For more than 80 years, Jeppesen has made it possible for pilots and their passengers to safely and efficiently reach their destinations. Today, this pioneering spirit continues as Jeppesen delivers transformative information and optimization solutions to improve the efficiency of air operations around the globe. Jeppesen is a Boeing subsidiary and part of the Digital Aviation business unit within Boeing Commercial Aviation Services. Boeing offers the industry’s largest portfolio of support and services solutions, providing customers a competitive advantage by solving real operational problems, enabling better decisions, maximizing efficiency and improving environmental performance – intelligent information solutions across the entire aviation ecosystem.   SOURCE Jeppesen CategoriesUncategorized Tagsaircraft, Business, Companies, company, crew, Industry, military, New Products & Services, post, unit Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Aircastle Announces Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Results Next PostNext Spartan Motors Conference Call and Webcast of Fourth-Quarter and Full-Year 2016 Results Scheduled for February 23 Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts 3 European Mutual Funds to Buy as Economy Revives Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&amp;P, Nasdaq Nab Streak Not Seen Since ’92 4 Zacks Rank #1 Mid-Cap Growth Funds to Buy Gibraltar Celebrates Opening of World Trade Center in the Face of Brexit Bullish Two Hundred Day Moving Average Cross – TEF Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 February 2017 by Military News Aviator From Jeppesen Integrates EFB Apps In Single Framework ENGLEWOOD, Colo., Feb. 14, 2017 — Jeppesen, a Boeing Company, today introduces Jeppesen Aviator – a new pilot resource suite that unites essential electronic flight bag (EFB) resources into an all-in-one app for mobile iOS and Windows devices. Aviator is a Jeppesen and Boeing collaboration that integrates typically independent EFB features into a single point of access that reduces pilot time spent with data entry and accessing individual apps. It also shares data between EFB functions to streamline workflows, reduce pilot head-down time, eliminate human errors and enhance operational efficiency. “Jeppesen Aviator is the result of a joint development process by Jeppesen and Boeing to understand customer needs related to EFB functionality provided in a single, unified flight deck resource,” said Tim Huegel, director, Jeppesen Flight Deck Solutions. “We look forward to introducing Aviator with our airline customers worldwide to highlight the advantages of a fully integrated pre-flight, in-flight and post-flight resource and continue to refine this dynamic solution for the next generation of EFB interaction.” Aviator combines multiple Jeppesen and Boeing EFB functions in a single framework for airline and military pilots, including: Jeppesen FliteDeck Pro: the global standard for interactive airline and military enroute and terminal charting, digital navigation and other EFB functions. Jeppesen Content Viewer: displays essential electronic document browser material from the airline or operator directly in Aviator, instead of through its own module. Electronic Flight Folder: provides transmission of key day-of flight data, including weather and flight plan information. Onboard Performance Tool: allows flight crews to calculate takeoff, landing and weight & balance functions, based on current weather and runway conditions. Software Development Kit (SDK): allows for integration of Aviator with approved applications to expand an airline’s EFB suite across fleet and operations. Aviator features multiple sources of information redundancy, to ensure operational continuity and reduce the risk of grounded aircraft. This includes the digital navigation backup solution Trip Kit on Demand, backup stored flight plans and device-to-device synching to share flight plans, flight information and trip kits, ensuring the flight crew has the same information across their mobile devices.  Aviator also reduces the impact of user training requirements, through the common interface platform and familiar functionality across all Aviator features. Please see our product Web page for more information on Jeppesen Aviator. For further detail on the industry-leading navigation, operations, training and optimization solutions provided by Jeppesen, please visit www.jeppesen.com. About Jeppesen For more than 80 years, Jeppesen has made it possible for pilots and their passengers to safely and efficiently reach their destinations. Today, this pioneering spirit continues as Jeppesen delivers transformative information and optimization solutions to improve the efficiency of air operations around the globe. Jeppesen is a Boeing subsidiary and part of the Digital Aviation business unit within Boeing Commercial Aviation Services. Boeing offers the industry’s largest portfolio of support and services solutions, providing customers a competitive advantage by solving real operational problems, enabling better decisions, maximizing efficiency and improving environmental performance – intelligent information solutions across the entire aviation ecosystem. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/aviator-from-jeppesen-integrates-efb-apps-in-single-framework-300406624.html SOURCE Jeppesen CategoriesUncategorized Tagsaircraft, Business, Companies, company, crew, fleet, Industry, military, post, Uncategorized, unit Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Best Ever Christie Lake Hole Returns 22.81% U3O8 over 8.60 m Next PostNext IT – Invitation to Business Developers / IT Forum (7/17) Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts 3 European Mutual Funds to Buy as Economy Revives Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&amp;P, Nasdaq Nab Streak Not Seen Since ’92 4 Zacks Rank #1 Mid-Cap Growth Funds to Buy Gibraltar Celebrates Opening of World Trade Center in the Face of Brexit Bullish Two Hundred Day Moving Average Cross – TEF Proudly powered by WordPress
Foreign customers eye Russian robots after Syria operation — state arms exporter Military & Defense February 16, 12:13 Afghan government seeks launch of talks with Taliban — Russian diplomat Russian Politics & Diplomacy February 16, 11:53 Russia and India sign $2 bln defense contracts in 2016 Military & Defense February 16, 11:45 Assad says West has no right to choose Syria’s future World February 16, 11:08 Attempts to build dialogue with Russia from position of strength fruitless — minister Russian Politics & Diplomacy February 16, 10:46 Minsk, Moscow agree oil, gas protocol — Belarusian deputy PM Business & Economy February 16, 10:28 Rosneft begins drilling first exploration well at Solimoes Project in Brasil Business & Economy February 16, 10:10 Businessman arrested in Moscow on suspicion of financing Islamic State Society & Culture February 16, 9:23 Kazakhstan says direct talks between Syrian government, opposition under consideration World February 16, 8:12 {{element.title}} {{element.heading}} {{element.date}} Back to Main page Back to Main page Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Tags Media Press Releases Infographics Select the city Moscow St.-Petersburg Novosibirsk Ekaterinburg Nizhny Novgorod Samara Kazan Omsk Chelyabinsk Rostov-on-Don Ufa Volgograd Perm Krasnoyarsk Voronezh Currency converter USD EUR GBP CHF JPY CNY Back to Currency converter Exchange rate USD → RUR Сurrency Converter History course Please enter an amount Amount: From: ↔ To: Exchange rate on: 16.02.2017 15.02.2017 14.02.2017 13.02.2017 12.02.2017 11.02.2017 10.02.2017 ^ News Feed Sections Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review More Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review News Feed News Search Topics All Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review ОК Use filter You can filter your feed, by choosing only interesting sections. Go to Search More news Press review: Donbass blockade backfires and challenges to Syrian peace talks in Geneva Press Review February 14, 13:00 UTC+3 MOSCOW Top stories in the Russian press on Tuesday, February 14 Share 1 pages in this article © AP Photo/Hassan Ammar Izvestia: Opposition driving Geneva talks towards deadlock The Syrian opposition refused to enter the united delegation at the Geneva talks, whose structure was proposed by the ‘Riyadh group’ backed by Turkey and a number of Persian Gulf monarchies, as they expect UN Syria envoy Staffan de Mistura to put together the delegation, Izvestia writes. Leader of the Popular Front for Change and Liberation and representative of the Syrian Opposition’s Moscow group, Qadri Jamil, rejected the proposal of the Supreme Committee for Negotiations to create a united delegation for the Geneva talks. "We had no consultations regarding the issue with anyone, and we will never accept (a situation) that implies more representatives of the ‘Riyadh group’ than of any other formations since experience has shown that the former often halt the talks," he told Izvestia. Related news Intra-Syrian talks in Geneva scheduled for February 23 — UN Russian diplomat urges UN to speed up intra-Syrian talks in Geneva Kremlin believes success of Syria talks in Astana will help to resume Geneva process UN envoy for Syria sending out invitations to intra-Syrian talks Russia expects close anti-terror cooperation with US in Syria As reported earlier, representatives of the High Negotiations Committee offered a 24-member delegation for the talks in Geneva scheduled for February 20. The head of the Hmeymim group delegation to the Geneva talks, Ilian Masaad, told the newspaper an attempt is being made "to put other opposition formations on the back burner." "It is necessary for each group to be represented in the delegation by one or two people," he said, adding that he thinks Staffan de Mistura should set up the delegation and coordinate the issue with global and regional players. Boris Dolgov, senior research fellow at the Center for Arabic and Islamic Studies of the Russian Academy of Sciences, remains skeptical, saying that even if the delegation is ready, it is unlikely to spur progress in the negotiations. "De Mistura can do this, but in the current situation the political process is unlikely to proceed due to a great deal of controversy," he said.   Kommersant: Donbass blockade backfires as Ukraine descends into rolling blackouts For the first time in two years, Ukraine is facing rolling blackouts due to the blockade of coal supplies from Donetsk, which is causing deficiencies in fuel supplies for thermal power stations. Still Kiev has no plans to buy gas or electricity from Russia, and can only step up coal imports, which heightens rotating outage risks, but still hopes the blockade will be lifted soon, Kommersant writes. Read also Moscow urges Kiev to prevent commercial blockade of Donbass Russia still remains Ukraine’s biggest coal supplier, with last year’s exports coming to $906 mln, which is more than 55.5% of the total amount of Ukraine’s coal imports. According to head of Infoline-Analytics Mikhail Burmistrov, Russia’s coal supplies to Ukraine via rail transportation surged 36.2% to 954,400 tonnes in January 2017. Meanwhile, as of February 11, the country’s underground gas storage facilities had 9.04 bln cubic meters left, with daily withdrawal standing at 85-90 mln cubic meters. A source in Ukraine’s Energy Ministry told Kommersant that the high withdrawal is related to the cold spell, but Kiev still wants to avoid gas purchases from Gazprom during this heating season. The source added that the ministry expects the blockage of coal supplies from Donbass to be lifted soon, and has not yet considered the option of restricting gas supplies to the industry, though "it is possible in theory." Kommersant’s source in Gazprom and the Russian Energy Ministry said there has been no progress in gas talks with Ukraine so far.   Kommersant: Rogozin calls off visit to Iran Russia’s Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin has cancelled his visit to Tehran where he intended to meet the country’s top officials, Kommersant writes citing sources. The plan was to discuss potential bilateral cooperation, primarily in the aviation sector. The issue of purchases of Russia-made passenger jets by Iran was on the agenda. However, sources say the reason for the visit’s cancellation was that the Iranian side leaked information about the visit, while Moscow wanted to keep a lid on it. Read also Russia to promote Sukhoi Superjet-100 aircraft on Iranian market According to a source in the Russian government, both parties planned to discuss "sensitive issues" beyond the meeting of the committee on science and technologies headed by Rogozin. Particularly, "a complex conversation was in the offing about the reasons behind the Iranian partners’ plans to purchase aircraft from western countries," the source said, adding that Moscow "is providing huge support to Tehran, while they’re buying equipment from the ones who humiliate them with sanctions." In early December 2016, Iran Air signed a contract with Boeing to get 80 jets. The agreement stipulates the delivery of 50 Boeing-737s and 30 Boeing-777s to the country over the next 10 years. There is also a contract with Airbus, stipulating the supply of 100 planes to Iran. That being said, the total cost of those two contracts is close to $30 bln, Kommersant writes. On the other hand, aircraft deals with Moscow are much more modest: in 2016, Russia and Iran signed an unbinding document on the supplies of the regional Sukhoi Superjet 100 aircraft. Russian experts estimate the Iranian market at around 100 jets of this type, though the prospect of signing a firm contract depends not only on talks between the companies, but on the US Department of the Treasury, since SSJ-100 have US-made components, the newspaper adds.   Izvestia: Envoy says Kuril Islands issue requires ‘patience as a virtue’ Moscow has a huge interest in pursuing mutually beneficial and friendly relations "with a country that is the third-biggest economy in the world, famous for its scientific and technological breakthroughs and lays claim to expanding its political role in global affairs," Russian Ambassador to Japan, Yevgeny Afanasyev, said in an interview with Izvestia. According to the diplomat, the relationship between the two neighbors has intensified over the recent year and a half "following the period of a certain slowdown due to Japan’s decision to join in the anti-Russia sanctions initiated by several western countries." However, last year four top-level meetings took place, not to mention regular meetings by the countries’ foreign ministers, heads of other ministries and departments, he added. Related news Japan issues protest to Russia over giving names to 5 islands of Kurile chain Kremlin denies media rumors Kurils to be handed over to Tokyo for temporary use Council for joint economic operations on Southern Kuril Islands set up in Japan Abe says Russia’s military presence on Kuril Islands does not hamper peace treaty talks Tokyo wants Moscow to allow former Kuril Islands residents to fly there by plane Consultations behind closed doors on a peace treaty between Russia and Japan, and cooperation on the South Kuril Islands are presently underway. "This is a required measure for experts from both countries to work hard and calmly to find ways out of delicate issues," Afanasyev said. "For my part, I would recommend not delving into speculations, or getting carried away with pipe dreams, but to strengthen one's patience," he told Izvestia. When asked whether the parties obtained what they wanted during Russian President Vladimir Putin’s visit to Japan in end-2016, the ambassador said: "Yes and no." "I mean the sides managed to reach what was possible, but on the whole the results of the visit may be described as breakthrough as they triggered the development of bilateral relations and created the background for bringing them to a game-changing level," he said. "Meanwhile, regarding the economic arena there is still a number of negative trends, including a drop in trade turnover, mainly due to falling energy prices. In order to cope with those problems, the agreements reached by the leaders need to be implemented, and we are ready to do this," Afanasyev stated.   Rossiyskaya Gazeta: Russia moves toward technological independence in agriculture With agriculture becoming a promising business and even a flagship of the Russian national economy over the past 15 years, the country has demonstrated its ability to tackle the issues of food safety and has seriously boosted export potential. However, its purchases of foreign agriculture technology still exceeds $1.8 bln per year. Elena Skrynnik, Russia’s ex-Minister of Agriculture (2009 - 2012) and now head of the International Independent Institute for Agricultural Policy, told Rossiyskaya Gazeta that the dependence on foreign technologies is still open for Russia, despite large-scale import substitution and export expansion. Read also Russia’s PM sets goal of boosting exports of agricultural products to $19 bln According to Skrynnik, systematic state aid and efficient management in the sector, as well as searching for new growth spurts, such as new market channels and technological independence, are crucial factors for maintaining and increasing growth rates in local agriculture." Also, she said, an aggressive external policy on acquiring shares and even whole companies that are the agro-technical leaders in the global market, will speed up the formation of a national technological base in this area. When asked about global examples of efficiently using technologies, Skrynnik mentioned "Japanese centers of excellence and a Brazilian corporation in agricultural research." "They’ve successfully accumulated human and investment resources for carrying out research in cutting-edge areas and spurred the transfer of brand new technologies to the real sector," she explained.   TASS is not responsible for the material quoted in the press reviews {{item.group_date}} {{item.suffix?", "+item.suffix:""}} Show more Share Top News February 16, 12:13 Foreign customers eye Russian robots after Syria operation — state arms exporter February 16, 12:13 February 16, 11:08 Assad says West has no right to choose Syria’s future February 16, 11:08 February 16, 11:45 Russia and India sign $2 bln defense contracts in 2016 February 16, 11:45 February 16, 11:53 Afghan government seeks launch of talks with Taliban — Russian diplomat February 16, 11:53 In other media Реклама Infographics Russia's gas pipelines to Europe by 2018 Russia’s state defense order in 2015 Chinese Lunar Exploration Program Russia’s Angara A5 heavy-load space carrier rocket Most read Now Today This week 1 Afghan government seeks launch of talks with Taliban — Russian diplomat 2 Foreign customers eye Russian robots after Syria operation — state arms exporter 3 Attempts to build dialogue with Russia from position of strength fruitless — minister 4 Russia and India sign $2 bln defense contracts in 2016 5 UN reports ‘heavy losses’ among Kiev troops, militia in Avdeyevka 6 Russian deputy PM says Moscow, Minsk agreed body text of report on oil, gas issue 7 Minister says economic activity in Russia starting to recover 1 Russian Senate speaker points to intense preparations for meeting between Putin and Trump 2 Flynn reveals details of conversation with Russian ambassador 3 Diplomat on US statements about Crimea: Russia does not give its land away 4 Ukraine declares emergency situation on electricity market due to coal shortage 5 Russia to take part in tender for 400 fighter jets for India 6 First MiG-35 fighter jets to be delivered to Russia’s Defense Ministry 7 Russian lawmaker calls US statements on Crimea alarming 1 Flynn reveals details of conversation with Russian ambassador 2 Russian issue one of most difficult for Trump team — expert 3 Russian Senate speaker points to intense preparations for meeting between Putin and Trump 4 Ships of Russian Baltic Fleet to make voyage to Antarctica this year 5 Flynn resigned due to loss of trust — White House 6 UK scrambles Typhoon fighter jets to escort Russian bombers 7 Flynn’s resignation not to affect Russian-US relations on broad level, lawmaker says TOP STORIES CONFLICT IN SYRIA RUSSIA'S DEFENSE INDUSTRY OIL& GAS INDUSTRY SPACE PROGRAMS Реклама News Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Sections Tags Media Press Releases Infographics About us TASS TODAY AGENCY NEWS TASS HISTORY MANAGEMENT CONTACTS Services TASS-PHOTO TASS-ONLINE TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age. © 2017 TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Aviall Expands its Exclusive Distribution Agreement with Triumph Group News provided by Aviall Feb 13, 2017, 09:00 ET Share this article DALLAS, Feb. 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Aviall, a wholly owned subsidiary of The Boeing Company, has signed an exclusive distribution agreement with Triumph Group, covering spare parts for Boeing, Airbus and Bombardier aircraft. The agreement expands Aviall's product support with Triumph Integrated Systems to include its Clemmons, North Carolina and Valencia, California sites of its Fluid Power & Actuation (FP&A) business. Products involved in this agreement include hydraulic pumps and motors, linear actuators, valves and other hydraulic actuation components used on a variety of commercial aircraft. "Aviall is pleased to extend our relationship with Triumph by distributing their vast actuation product line offerings for the commercial sector," stated Aviall President and CEO Eric Strafel. "Through our integrated partnership, we have utilized our comprehensive supply-chain network to deliver world-class support for Boeing, Airbus, and Bombardier large platforms, while enhancing supply-chain visibility and connectivity to better anticipate customer needs." Under this agreement, Aviall will continue to utilize its advanced technologies to support the additional FP&A locations through spare part sales, line-item forecasting, production planning, advanced provisioning and supply-chain administration. "Aviall has extensive expertise as an aviation parts distributor supporting a world-wide customer base," stated Dan Sims, President of Triumph Integrated System's Fluid Power & Actuation business. "Over the years Aviall has demonstrated their strong record of customer service and industry leading supplier standards. We are pleased to extend our distribution agreement with them."    About Aviall: Aviall operates as a wholly owned subsidiary of The Boeing Company, supporting both commercial and defense business units within Boeing. Aviall is a leading solutions provider of aftermarket supply-chain management services for the aerospace and defense industries. Aviall, which has headquarters in Dallas, is the world's largest provider of new aviation parts and related aftermarket services. The company markets and distributes products for more than 240 manufacturers and offers approximately 2 million catalog items from 40 customer service centers in North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific. Aviall also provides maintenance for aviation batteries, wheels and brakes, as well as hose assembly, kitting and paint-mixing services. The company offers a complete set of supply-chain and logistics services, including order processing, stocking and fulfillment, automated inventory management and reverse logistics to OEMs (original equipment manufacturers) and customers. Follow Aviall on Twitter, Facebook and LinkedIn. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/aviall-expands-its-exclusive-distribution-agreement-with-triumph-group-300405823.html SOURCE Aviall Related Links http://www.aviall.com Dec 19, 2016, 09:13 ET Preview: Aviall Named Finalist in 2016 CUBIC Awards My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Dec 19, 2016, 09:13 ETAviall Named Finalist in 2016 CUBIC Awards Dec 16, 2016, 09:28 ETAviall Honored as Top 10 Military Friendly® Employer Explore More news releases in similar topics Airlines & Aviation Aerospace & Defense Machinery Mining & Metals Travel Industry You just read: Aviall Expands its Exclusive Distribution Agreement with Triumph Group News provided by Aviall Feb 13, 2017, 09:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Thursday, February 16, 2017, 3:26 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Business / U.S. jet-makers pitch 'made in India' By ANURAG KOTOKY, IAIN MARLOW AND N. C. BIPINDRA BLOOMBERG NEWS This article was published February 14, 2017 at 1:53 a.m. PHOTO BY BLOOMBERG NEWS / DHIRAJ SINGH A model of an SC-130J Sea Hercules aircraft, made by Lockheed Martin Corp., is displayed during the Aero India air show in Bengaluru, India, in this file photo. Comments aAFont Size Boeing and Lockheed Martin promised to build plants in India if the world's biggest arms importer chose their fighter jets and weapons. That was before President Donald Trump's "America First" call. This week will be a test for that promise as the biggest U.S. defense contractors, Russia's MiG Corp. and Europe's Airbus, line up to display their wares at an air show in Bengaluru in southern India. Even as they compete for deals, they could find themselves torn between Trump's push for companies to keep jobs in the U.S. -- he has singled out a number of multinational firms on Twitter for public criticism -- and Prime Minister Narendra Modi's own program that seeks to tie military contracts to some of the manufacturing being done in India. "All of us in Washington are guessing where Trump is going to land on these issues," said Alyssa Ayres, a senior fellow for India, Pakistan and South Asia at the Council on Foreign Relations in Washington. "He has certainly been very clear in his tweets and direct outreach to American companies that he wants to try to ensure that people don't move production facilities and try to retain jobs in the U.S." India's Defense Minister Manohar Parrikar will use the air show to outline Modi's plans to strengthen the domestic defense industry by giving contracts to local companies as well as asking foreign manufacturers to tie up with Indian firms, according to people familiar with the plan who are not authorized to speak publicly about it. Modi promised government spending of $250 billion in the coming years on fighter jets, submarines, howitzers and helmets to modernize his armed forces. Sensing an opportunity, conglomerates Tata Group, Mahindra & Mahindra Ltd. and Larsen & Toubro Ltd. have expanded more into the defense sector and formed joint ventures with international manufacturers. India, which has traditionally relied on Russia and the former Soviet Union for fighter jets, is increasingly warming to the U.S. In his first phone conversation with Parrikar, Defense Secretary James Mattis committed to build upon the "tremendous progress in bilateral defense cooperation made in recent years," a Pentagon spokesman said last week. Modi's domestic manufacturing program is a centerpiece of his economic policy that seeks to increase manufacturing to 25 percent of gross domestic product by 2022 from the current 18 percent, and aims to avoid dependence on foreign equipment, particularly in times of war. Lockheed Martin offered to make its F-16 fighter jet in India, after India scrapped an initial tender with Paris-based Dassault Aviation for 126 planes. India later decided to directly buy just 36 fighter jets from the French government. That still leaves the country short of planes, meaning potential deals worth billions of dollars are on offer. The Trump administration will want to take a fresh look at some of Lockheed's proposals, including plans to build the F-16 in India, the company said. All previous orders from India have created jobs for Boeing in the U.S., Boeing India's President Pratyush Kumar said in an interview. The Chicago-based manufacturer sees no conflict between Trump's "America First" and Modi's "Make in India" calls, Kumar said separately Monday in Bengaluru, adding that the company is looking to sell F/A-18 jets made in the country. Making fighter jets in India is viable with an order of 100 aircraft, he said. Boeing is looking forward to Indian Navy's interest in buying 57 combat planes that can operate from aircraft carriers, he said. About a third of the nation's 650 planes are more than 40 years old and set to retire in the next decade. Boeing as well as Sweden's Saab are offering to shift some production to India as they seek to win contracts. Boeing and Lockheed have also been on the receiving end of Trump's criticism in recent times. "The politics of it looks bad, in terms of the appearance back in the U.S. -- especially when he's talking about an 'America First' campaign," said Anit Mukherjee, a former Indian Army major and an assistant professor at Singapore's S. Rajaratnam School of International Studies. "If companies like Lockheed and Boeing go ahead with the 'Make in India' thing -- which in itself is a big question mark -- then perhaps he might intervene on that." U.S.-India defense ties have grown in recent years, in part as India's neighbor China has increased its military clout in the region. India has also sought to diversify its sources of arms imports from a Cold War-era reliance on Russian weapons. Business on 02/14/2017 Print Headline: U.S. jet-makers pitch 'made in India' Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Business Tyson Foods announces new leadership team; th... Chick-fil-A, Chili's set to open inside Littl... Trane to shut down Arkansas plant; 250 jobs g... Retailer prunes Trump brands U.S. jet-makers pitch 'made in India' China steel cuts fake, group says Ease silencer rules, gun advocates urge Congress to hear from Fed chairman Getting it straight More Business stories > Comments on: U.S. jet-makers pitch 'made in India' To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented BRUMMETT ONLINE: The adults in the room (35 comments) 2 Arkansas senators file framework for 'bathroom bill' (27 comments) Trump was told in January that Flynn misled Pence, White House says (45 comments) Trump slams intelligence officials, media over Flynn and Russia (11 comments) JOHN BRUMMETT: Beyond even Trump (37 comments) Trump knew Flynn deceit 2 weeks ago (17 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents WEB EXTRAS cont. Archives Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
Fri, 10 February 2017 Travel News Asia Travel News Asia - Subscribe to Daily Email Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Exclusive HD Video Interviews with VIPs Podcasts of HD Video Interviews - New! Picture Galleries Media Services Book Reviews Travel / Tech Gear Travel Trade Rates Travel Trade Shows Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Travel News Asia - Archives Travel News Asia - About Travel News Asia - Contact Travel News Asia - Twitter Travel News Asia - YouTube Travel News Asia - Home ☰ TravelNewsAsia.com Media Services HD Video Interviews Podcasts Travel News Singapore Airlines Signs LOI for 39 Boeing Aircraft Singapore Airlines (SIA) has agreed to place firm orders with Boeing for 20 B777-9s and 19 B787-10s. SIA signed a letter of intent with the US airframe manufacturer comprising the 39 firm orders plus six options for each aircraft type, which if exercised will enlarge the deal to as many as 51 aircraft. The 777-9s are due for delivery from the 2021/22 financial year and the 787-10s for delivery from the 2020/21 financial year. The proposed order, which is valued at US$13.8 billion based on published list prices, includes flexibility for the SIA Group to substitute the 787-10 orders for other variants of the 787 family. “This major order for widebody aircraft enables us to continue operating a modern and fuel-efficient fleet, providing the SIA Group with additional expansion opportunities to ensure that we retain our industry-leading position,” said SIA CEO, Mr Goh Choon Phong. “We are continuing to invest for the future of the SIA Group. This order is also another demonstration of our commitment to further growing the Singapore hub, as we will be able to offer even more travel options for our customers.” The General Electric GE9X is the sole engine type for the 777-9s, which are intended primarily for use on long-haul routes. SIA has selected the Rolls-Royce Trent 1000 to power the 787-10s, which are to be operated on medium-range routes. This is the SIA Group’s first order for the newest 777 variant that is currently under development, the 777-9. SIA is already the launch customer for the 787-10, which is also currently in development, having placed an initial order in 2013 for 30 aircraft for delivery from the 2018/19 financial year. In addition to the 30 previously-ordered 787-10s, SIA has outstanding orders with Airbus for five A380-800s and 57 A350-900s. SilkAir has outstanding orders with Boeing for 37 737 MAX 8s, while Scoot has orders with Boeing for eight 787-8/9s and Tigerair has orders with Airbus for 39 A320neos. "Singapore Airlines has been a valued Boeing customer for more than 50 years and we are honored they have selected the 777X and additional 787-10s to expand its future widebody fleet. They are the most efficient, capable and passenger preferred airplanes in their class," said Boeing Commercial Airplanes President & CEO Kevin McAllister. "We appreciate the trust, commitment and endorsement of Singapore Airlines, and look forward to delivering market-leading capability to one of the world's most widely respected industry leaders." See other recent news regarding: Singapore Airlines, SIA, Changi, Singapore, Boeing. Subscribe to our Latest Travel News Daily Email Free of Charge by simply entering your email address to the right. You can also stay updated with our RSS Feed and even add the travel news to your website. Have questions? Please read our travel news FAQ.       Sustainable Hotels and MICE Criteo Travel Flash Report Colombian Chef in Singapore Japan Tourism Update Sabre TTX APAC 2016 Destination Spa Management CEO of Travelodge Thailand Myanmar Tourism Update Birth of Luxury Thai Hotel Brand Thai AirAsia X A330-300 PAL President & COO Thai Vietjet A320-200 Qatar Airways B787 Emirates A380 Thai Airways B777-300ER | | | | | | Tweet Dusit and Prince Hotels Launch Staff Exchange Programme 598,952 APAC Hotel Rooms Under Contract Air Astana to Increase London Flights Garuda to Launch Jakarta - Moscow Flights Honeywell to Implement New Airfield Lighting at Changi Airbus to Transfer Four Test Aircraft to Museums Jet Airways to Use Fuel Efficiency Software Air Canada Signs New Deal with Travelport 4,763 Hotels Under Contract in U.S.A. Vietjet to Launch Danang - Seoul Flights Tourism Accelerators Accepting Projects in Mekong Region Air Canada to Increase Tel Aviv Flights Delta to Acquire More Aeromexico Shares H.I.S. to Adopt Amadeus cytric Travel & Expense Qatar to Launch Skopje Flights in June Murcia Hosts Conference on Smart Destinations 308-Room Hotel G Singapore Grand Opens JAL to Open Renovated Sakura Lounge in Bangkok Avis Signs New Travelport Deal Gulf Air's FFP Partners Agoda PointsMax Cebu Pacific Flew Over 19m Pax in 2016 Hurawalhi Island Resort Opens in Maldives Movenpick Hotel Doha Appoints GM Hahn Air Signs Interline Agreement with Eurostar Roland de Bonadona to Receive Lifetime Achievement Award Cebu Pacific Takes Delivery of ATR 72-600 with Titanium Seats Hawaii Island Air Signs Smart Parts Deal for Q400 Viajes El Corte Ingles Commits to Global Code of Ethics for Tourism Hudson Theatre in New York Reopens AirAsia to Launch Hawaii Flights in June SIA Signs LOI for 39 Boeing Aircraft Air Canada Unveils New Livery and Uniforms Regal Hotels Partners Malaysia Airlines Bespoke Collage Created for Mandarin Oriental Hyde Park, London Etihad Airways Appoints GM - China Metropolitan Bangkok Completes Renovation GTAC Welcomes Year of Sustainable Tourism United Previews New Houston Terminal Delta CEO Meets with President Trump Mantra Signs FV Project in Brisbane, Australia Artists Transform Delta's Tray Tables Elbit Wins US$110m Deal to Upgrade Mi-17s Man City FC Stars in Etihad Fitness Video GHA Expands Partnership with Sabre AirAsia Searching for ASEAN's Top Fashion Designers British & Irish Lions Launch NZ Tour App Finnair to Increase Flights to Russia Qatar Increases Pharma Express Flights Airbus Helicopters Gains Market Share in North America Emirates Launches Pay-Per-Visit Airport Lounges Mandarin Oriental to Open Hotel in Hawaii ALHI Acquires Worldhotels IATA Calls for Stronger European Aviation Industry Minor Appoints VP Development - EMEA Asiana to Implement Aircraft Tracking pentahotels Appoints Area General Manager Record Numbers for Hamad Int Airport Expansion Plans of Travelodge Hotels Asia Qatar Airways Launches Auckland Flights Four Seasons Opens Second Luxury Hotel in London Cyber Security Training Center to Open in Tokyo Air Cote d'Ivoire Aircraft to Install WiFi Asia's First Six Nations Match Official NanoRacks and Boeing to Develop Commercial Airlock FCS Computer Systems Opens Saigon Office Mantra Opens Hotel in Port Macquarie AccorHotels to Acquire Travel Keys Pan Pacific Appoints VP Operations Support and Pre-Openings Scoot Appoints General Manager - Australia Air Canada Rouge to Launch Reykjavik Flights Belmond Appoints Senior Director of Development MEAI ATR and Sweden's BRA Perform First ATR Biofuel Flight Show More Travel News Delta to Expand Cincinnati Operations Loyalty Programs of AccorHotels and Qatar Airways Join Forces New Water Jet Technology at Dubai Boat Show AHS Signs Second U Hotel in Pattaya, TH Korean Air Making a Difference in Sulawesi Global Jets Surpass 2,500 Takeoffs / Landings in Aspen SpiceRoads Offering Free Bike Hire on Madagascar Tour Movenpick to Take Over Resort in Hua Hin, Thailand Aviation: RPKs Up 6.3% in 2016 Amazon to Open Air Cargo Hub in Kentucky, USA IBM and United Collaborate on Enterprise iOS Apps SpiceRoads Launches Annual ANZAC Ride in Thailand One Championship Appoints VP of PR and Communications Etihad and Lufthansa Sign US$100m Deal Thomas Winkelmann Becomes CEO of airberlin Paul John to Head HKSI's Sevens Programme USAF and Boeing in New Deal to Sustain GPS Constellations Bologna Airport to Speed Up Immigration Thai AirAsia Increases Domestic Fares Destination Asia Appoints GM Thailand Central Hotels to Double Number of Rooms in Dubai Lifetime Achievement Award for Lonely Planet Founders ClearVision EVS Trials Volcanic Ash Detection 2017 Global Hotel Reputation Benchmark Report Mahan Air Appoints APG as GSA in France Six Nations Gives Air Charter Service Boost Microsoft to Upgrade PATA's Online Data Platform United and Avianca to Expand Relationship Best Western Targets 100 SureStay Hotels by End-2017 IHG Appoints VP Development South West Asia Avani Hotels Appoints Group Director Exec Appointments at Destination Asia China AA Appoints New SVP Int & Cargo Super Bowl to Give Houston RevPAR Boost Belarus Launches 5-Day Visa-Free Policy airberlin Welcomes FCA Wet Lease Decision CityJet Orders Six CRJ900 Aircraft Airlines and Airports Prepare to Predict the Future FAA Gives Green Light for AirAsia X Flights to USA Dusit Rolls Out TQM Systems Across Portfolio SuperStar Virgo to Homeport in Shanghai Air India Moves to London Heathrow's T2 Hotels in Canada Report Increase in ADR, OR and RevPAR SAS to Launch Stockholm - Ibiza Flights Travelodge Hotels Asia HD Video Interview Margarita Forés - Interview with Asia's Best Female Chef Ascott's Brands and Expansion Plans - HD Video Interview HD Videos from AAPA's 60th Assembly of Presidents Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, Thailand Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Travel News Asia - HD Videos / Interviews Travel News Asia - Podcasts of Interviews Travel News Asia - High-Res Picture Galleries Travel News Asia - Subscribe to Email Travel News Asia - Twitter Travel News Asia - YouTube Travel News Asia - Archives Travel News Asia - Home Page Show Less Travel News | | | | | | Tweet Latest Travel News Dusit and Prince Hotels Launch Staff Exchange Programme 598,952 APAC Hotel Rooms Under Contract Air Astana to Increase London Flights Garuda to Launch Jakarta - Moscow Flights Honeywell to Implement New Airfield Lighting at Changi Airbus to Transfer Four Test Aircraft to Museums Jet Airways to Use Fuel Efficiency Software Air Canada Signs New Deal with Travelport 4,763 Hotels Under Contract in U.S.A. Vietjet to Launch Danang - Seoul Flights Tourism Accelerators Accepting Projects in Mekong Region Air Canada to Increase Tel Aviv Flights Delta to Acquire More Aeromexico Shares H.I.S. to Adopt Amadeus cytric Travel & Expense Qatar to Launch Skopje Flights in June Murcia Hosts Conference on Smart Destinations 308-Room Hotel G Singapore Grand Opens JAL to Open Renovated Sakura Lounge in Bangkok Avis Signs New Travelport Deal Gulf Air's FFP Partners Agoda PointsMax Cebu Pacific Flew Over 19m Pax in 2016 Hurawalhi Island Resort Opens in Maldives Movenpick Hotel Doha Appoints GM Hahn Air Signs Interline Agreement with Eurostar Roland de Bonadona to Receive Lifetime Achievement Award Cebu Pacific Takes Delivery of ATR 72-600 with Titanium Seats Hawaii Island Air Signs Smart Parts Deal for Q400 Viajes El Corte Ingles Commits to Global Code of Ethics for Tourism Hudson Theatre in New York Reopens AirAsia to Launch Hawaii Flights in June SIA Signs LOI for 39 Boeing Aircraft Air Canada Unveils New Livery and Uniforms Regal Hotels Partners Malaysia Airlines Bespoke Collage Created for Mandarin Oriental Hyde Park, London Etihad Airways Appoints GM - China Metropolitan Bangkok Completes Renovation GTAC Welcomes Year of Sustainable Tourism United Previews New Houston Terminal Delta CEO Meets with President Trump Mantra Signs FV Project in Brisbane, Australia Artists Transform Delta's Tray Tables Elbit Wins US$110m Deal to Upgrade Mi-17 Man City FC Stars in Etihad Fitness Video GHA Expands Partnership with Sabre AirAsia Searching for ASEAN's Top Fashion Designers British & Irish Lions Launch NZ Tour App Finnair to Increase Flights to Russia Qatar Increases Pharma Express Flights Airbus Helicopters Gains Market Share in North America Emirates Launches Pay-Per-Visit Airport Lounges Mandarin Oriental to Open Hotel in Hawaii ALHI Acquires Worldhotels IATA Calls for Stronger European Aviation Industry Minor Appoints VP Development - EMEA Asiana to Implement Aircraft Tracking pentahotels Appoints Area General Manager Record Numbers for Hamad Int Airport Expansion Plans of Travelodge Hotels Asia Qatar Airways Launches Auckland Flights Four Seasons Opens Second Luxury Hotel in London Cyber Security Training Center to Open in Tokyo Air Cote d'Ivoire Aircraft to Install WiFi Asia's First Six Nations Match Official NanoRacks and Boeing to Develop Commercial Airlock FCS Computer Systems Opens Saigon Office Mantra Opens Hotel in Port Macquarie AccorHotels to Acquire Travel Keys Pan Pacific Appoints VP Operations Support and Pre-Openings Scoot Appoints General Manager - Australia Air Canada Rouge to Launch Reykjavik Flights Belmond Appoints Senior Director of Development MEAI ATR and Sweden's BRA Perform First ATR Biofuel Flight Delta to Expand Cincinnati Operations Loyalty Programs of AccorHotels and Qatar Airways Join Forces New Water Jet Technology at Dubai Boat Show AHS Signs Second U Hotel in Pattaya, TH Travelodge Hotels Asia HD Video Interview Margarita Forés - Interview with Asia's Best Female Chef Ascott's Brands and Expansion Plans - HD Video Interview HD Videos from AAPA's 60th Assembly of Presidents Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, TH HD Videos and Interviews Podcasts from HD Video Interviews High-Res Picture Galleries Travel News Asia - Home Page Advertising Advertising Advertise Here Share This Page | | | Tweet Latest HD Videos Advertising Latest Picture Galleries Other Topics Book Reviews Cambodia Foreign Currency Dubai Hong Kong Hong Kong Sevens Indonesia Japan Kan Tiang Beach Lanta Latest Travel News Media Services Philippines Picture Galleries Pimalai Divers - Lanta Podcasts - New Singapore Thailand Travel News Archives Travel Technology Travel Tips Travel Trade Rates Travel Trade Shows Videos - HD Vietnam Contact Details | Privacy | About Us | TravelNewsAsia.com Copyright © 1997-2017 ASIATravelTips.com / TravelNewsAsia.com Copyright © 1997-2017 ASIATravelTips.com/TravelNewsAsia.com
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev Congress prepares to review links of Russia, Trump allies State auditor, legislators spar over lawsuit vs. Minn. counties Judge denies dismissal of case against officer in Castile death Family of Minn. boy whose death sparked child protection reforms sues county Resident dies after Eden Prairie caregiver forgot to plug in heart pump U researchers may have found way to predict autism in kids Gophers lead for good after Springs follows his shot Another 40-point game for Wiggins, this time in a Wolves win Minnesota Zoo revamps how it reaches out to low-income families, and they respond Many Twin Cities businesses closing Thursday for 'Day Without Immigrants' protest Be ready for longer lines at MSP's security checkpoints this weekend, the TSA warns next Business 413652203 Multinational defense contractors in a great race to arm India A major concern is if U.S. firms can build the nation under a Trump presidency.  By Anurag Kotoky, Iain Marlow and N.C. Bipindra Bloomberg News February 13, 2017 — 7:57pm Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint Boeing and Lockheed Martin promised to build plants in India if the world's biggest arms importer chose their fighter jets and weapons. That was before President Donald Trump's America First call. This week will be a test for that promise as the biggest U.S. defense contractors, Russia's MiG Corp. and Europe's Airbus line up to display their wares at an air show in Bengaluru in southern India. Even as they compete for deals, they could find themselves torn between Trump's push for firms to keep jobs in the U.S. — he has singled out a number of multinational firms on Twitter for public criticism — and Prime Minister Narendra Modi's own program that seeks to tie military contracts to some of the manufacturing being done in India. "All of us in Washington are guessing where Trump is going to land on these issues," said Alyssa Ayres, a senior fellow for India, Pakistan and South Asia at the Council on Foreign Relations in Washington, D.C. "He has certainly been very clear in his tweets and direct outreach to American companies that he wants to try to ensure that people don't move production facilities and try to retain jobs in the U.S." India's Defense Minister Manohar Parrikar will use the air show to outline Modi's plans to boost the domestic defense industry by giving contracts to local companies, as well as asking foreigners to tie up with Indian firms, said people familiar with the plan. Modi's promise to shell out $250 billion in the coming years on fighter jets, submarines, howitzers and helmets to modernize his armed forces came with one call — Make in India. Sensing an opportunity, local conglomerates Tata Group, Mahindra & Mahindra Ltd. and Larsen & Toubro Ltd. have expanded more into the defense sector and formed joint ventures with international manufacturers. India, which has traditionally relied on Russia and the former Soviet Union for fighter jets, is increasingly warming to the U.S. In his first phone conversation with Parrikar, Defense Secretary Jim Mattis committed to build upon the "tremendous progress in bilateral defense cooperation made in recent years," a Pentagon spokesman said last week. Modi's domestic manufacturing program is a centerpiece of his economic policy that seeks to boost manufacturing to 25 percent of gross domestic product by 2022 from 18 percent now, and aims to avoid dependence on foreign equipment, particularly in times of war. Lockheed Martin offered to make its F-16 fighter jet in India, after India scrapped an initial tender with Paris-based Dassault Aviation for 126 planes. India later decided to directly buy just 36 fighter jets from the French government. That still leaves the country short of planes, meaning potential deals worth billions of dollars are on offer. The Trump administration will want to take a fresh look at some of Lockheed's proposals, including plans to build the F-16 in India, the company said. All previous orders from India have created jobs for Boeing in the U.S., Boeing India President Pratyush Kumar said in an interview. The Chicago-based manufacturer sees no conflict between Trump's 'America First' and Modi's 'Make in India' calls, Kumar said separately on Monday in Bengaluru, adding the company is looking to sell locally made F/A-18 jets in the country. View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } More from Star Tribune Many Twin Cities businesses closing Thursday for 'Day Without Immigrants' protest Resident dies after Eden Prairie caregiver forgot to plug in heart pump Fleck commits $50K of own money to secure 'Row the Boat' for Gophers 13 Minn. chefs, 2 eateries among James Beard Awards semifinalists Trump name-checks 'Tar-zhay' in meeting with Target, Best Buy CEOs Judge denies dismissal of case against officer in Castile death House GOP's corporate tax scheme has its Republican skeptics Pakistan test-fires ballistic missile From MSP, Delta says goodbye to Rome and aloha to Honolulu Nation/world briefs Great Decisions: Minnesota-based institutions, individuals can be key to countering extremism More From Business National 46 minutes ago Puzder withdrawal stark example of rough start for Trump WH The White House is working frantically to find a new secretary of labor candidate after President Donald Trump's original pick, Andrew Puzder, abruptly withdrew from consideration. National 2:25am Senate to confirm Trump budget chief The Republican-controlled Senate is poised to confirm President Donald Trump's choice to run the White House budget office on Thursday and is on track to give his controversial pick to head the Environmental Protection Agency a vote of confidence as well. Variety 2:20am Boeing union bid fails in South averse to organizing Production workers at Boeing's South Carolina plant have rejected an effort to unionize, maintaining Southern reluctance toward unionization and setting up a picture-perfect stop for President Donald Trump, who visits the facilities this week. National 2:20am Problem nominations hard to avoid, history shows It was pretty much inevitable. National 2:15am Colorado warms to pot clubs, despite federal uncertainty At risk of raising the ire of the White House, Colorado is on the brink of becoming the first state with licensed pot clubs. But the details of how these clubs will operate are as hazy as the underground clubs operating already. Top Stories Congress prepares to review links of Russia, Trump allies Feb. 15 State auditor, legislators spar over lawsuit vs. Minn. counties Feb. 15 Judge denies dismissal of case against officer in Castile death Feb. 15 Most Read Trump name-checks 'Tar-zhay' in meeting with Target, Best Buy CEOs • Business Entrepreneur and reality host buys Len Druskin assets • Business Nestle sees restructuring costs ahead, after 2016 net falls • Business New listings up in January, but Twin Cities housing market still tight • Business That's a wrap: New gowns make their way into local hospitals • Business World Malaysia arrests 2nd suspect in North Korean's death Breakaway region of Somalia begs the Trump administration for travel ban exemption Nation Video captured shooting that killed Chicago toddler 'Firefall' phenomenon wows visitors to Yosemite's El Capitan Politics Trump name-checks 'Tar-zhay' in meeting with Target, Best Buy CEOs Puzder withdraws nomination to be Trump's labor secretary markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Wild Wild's Staal trying to work his way out of a slump Nyquist suspended six games for high-sticking Spurgeon Wolves Another 40-point game for Wiggins, this time in a Wolves win After injury, Lance Stephenson's fate with Wolves uncertain Gophers Gophers lead for good after Springs follows his shot Fleck commits $50K of own money to secure 'Row the Boat' for Gophers Celebrities Pilot Harrison Ford has close call with full airliner at California airport Howard Stern sued for airing woman's personal IRS conversation Vikings Reports: Adrian Peterson could play for every NFL team next year Hartman: Vikings' role model for next season should be 1973 team poll Poll: What are the Gophers chances of making the NCAA men's basketba... 10,000 Takes My secret to making friends in the Twin Cities? Lots of Tinder dates Jana Shortal: Mary Tyler Moore left the light on for newswomen like me Featured Gallery Grammys: Prince Tribute 11 photos The Prince Tribute at the 59th Grammy Awards. Featured Video Unsure when next ones will come, Minnesota welcomes refugees 02:10 Refugee workers turned out in force to greet a family from Afghanistan at Minneapolis-St. ... Taste 13 Minn. chefs, 2 eateries among James Beard Awards semifinalists Gather round – we're making empanadas StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
Thanks for checking out our new design, please let us know if you have feedback SFist is a website about San Francisco View Pretty | Blog Arts & Entertainment Food News Popular Advertising Contact Newsletter RSS Feed Staff Our Cities Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC Under Armour CEO Frantically Backpedals In Effort To Distance Himself From President Trump by Eve Batey in News on Feb 15, 2017 2:00 pm In this Dec. 5, 2016, file photo, Under Armour Chief Executive Officer and founder Kevin Plank speaks on stage during an Under Armour announcement event at Major League Baseball's winter meetings in Oxon Hill, Md. The CEO of Baltimore-based sports apparel company Under Armour is responding to criticism he received after calling President Donald Trump "an asset to the country." Plank wrote an open letter to Baltimore published as a full-page advertisement in The Baltimore Sun Wednesday, Feb. 15, 2017. (AP Photo/Alex Brandon, File) A week after Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank was roundly drubbed for his glowing remarks about President Donald Trump, Plank wants everyone to know that he didn't really mean it, and like anyone else with an operating moral compass he thinks that at least one of Trump's policies stinks, too. It's likely been a rough couple days for Plank, who last week told CNBC that he believed that the President was a "real asset...He wants to build things. He wants to make bold decisions and be really decisive." Plank, who along with Dow Chemical CEO Andrew Liveris, Ford CEO Mark Fields, Dell's Michael Dell, General Electric's Jeff Immelt, Tesla's Elon Musk, U.S. Steel's Mario Longhi, and Boeing's Dennis Muilenburg, is a member of Trump's manufacturing council, said "I'm a big fan of people that operate in the world of 'publish and iterate' versus 'think, think, think, think, think', so there's a lot that I respect there." When asked about Plank's discription of Trump as an "asset," Golden State Warrior and Under Armour endorsee Steph Curry said "I agree with that description... if you remove the ‘et’.” Curry said last week that he'll stand by the brand, for now, after spending a day on the phone "with countless people at Under Armour, countless people in Kevin Plank’s camp, my team, trying to understand what was going on and where everybody stood on the issue." Curry sounded cautiously optimistic about the relationship, saying, "It’s a fine line but it’s about how we’re operating," but "If I can say the leadership is not in line with my core values, then there is no amount of money, there is no platform I wouldn’t jump off if it wasn’t in line with who I am." Endorsee and dancer Misty Copeland also responded to Plank's remarks, saying "Those of you who have supported and followed my career know that the one topic I've never backed away from speaking openly about is the importance of diversity and inclusion. It is imperative to me that my partners and sponsors share this belief." NBC reports thaat Copeland has "spoken privately with Plank on his statements but is still requesting for the CEO and Under Armour to 'take public action to clearly communicate and reflect our common values' so as to continue with their ties to one another." Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson, who is typically apolitical to nearly a fault, said via Instagram that Plank's "words were divisive and lacking in perspective." I appreciate and welcome the feedback from people who disagree (and agree) with Kevin Plank's words on CNBC, but these are neither my words, nor my beliefs. His words were divisive and lacking in perspective. Inadvertently creating a situation where the personal political opinions of UA’s partners and its employees were overshadowed by the comments of its CEO. A good company is not solely defined by its CEO. A good company is not defined by the athlete or celebrity who partners with them. A good company is not a single person. A good company is a team, a group of brothers and sisters committed to working together each and every day to provide for their families and one another and the clients they serve. We don’t partner with a brand casually. I partner with brands I trust and with people who share my same values. That means a commitment to diversity, inclusion, community, open-mindedness and some serious hard work. But it doesn't mean that I or my team will always agree with the opinion of everyone who works there, including its executives. Great leaders inspire and galvanize the masses during turbulent times, they don't cause people to divide and disband. My responsibility here is not only to the global audience we serve, but also to the thousands of workers who pour blood, sweat, and tears into making Under Armour strong. A diverse group of hardworking men and women who possess integrity, respect and compassion for one another and the world they live in. Debate is healthy. But in a time of widespread disagreement, so is loyalty. I feel an obligation to stand with this diverse team, the American and global workers, who are the beating heart and soul of Under Armour and the reason I chose to partner with them. My commitment is as real as my sweat and callouses that thicken daily. #CommittedToThePeople A post shared by therock (@therock) on Feb 9, 2017 at 10:36am PST It appears that that high-profile criticism took its toll on Planck, who purchased a full-page advertisement in The Baltimore Sun that read in part that “In a business television interview last week, I answered a question with a choice of words that did not accurately reflect my intent." Under Armour, Planck says, believes “immigration is a source of strength, diversity and innovation for global companies based in America...With an anticipated new executive order on immigration set to come out, we will join a coalition of companies in opposition to any new actions that negatively impact our team, their families or our community,” Here's the full ad, which, you might note, does not mention the President by name. An effort to have his cake and eat it too? Guess we'll have to keep our eyes on Trump's twitter feed, so we can see of UA will get the Nordstrom treatment or will manage to squeak past the presidential radar. Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank prints full-page ad in today's Baltimore Sun to clarify POTUS comments; doesn't mention Trump by name pic.twitter.com/TWk40PydRg— Sara Germano (@germanotes) February 15, 2017 Previously: Under Armour CEO Kisses Up To Trump As President Assails Nordstrom Via Twitter Contact the author of this article or email tips@sfist.com with further questions, comments or tips. twitter facebook reddit print kevin planck misty copeland steph curry the rock trump under armour Other Interesting Stories Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. best of sfist The 10 Best Adult Toy Stores In San Francisco The 10 Best Hot Toddies In San Francisco The 10 Best Unsung Bistros In San Francisco Eight SF Antidotes To The Inauguration (Besides Drinking Actual Poison) The 12 Best Mac & Cheese Dishes In SF and Oakland   © 2003-2017 Gothamist LLC. All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy.
× Like what you're reading? Never miss a thing with the HuffPost Canada Daily Brief newsletter! Newsletter may include personalized content. Learn more. View mobile site February 16, 2017 Huffpost Canada ca Edition: ca Show/Hide عربي (Arabic) AR Australia AU Brasil BR Canada CA Deutschland DE España ES France FR Ελλάδα (Greece) GR India IN Italia IT 日本 (Japan) JP 한국 (Korea) KR Maghreb MG México MX South Africa ZA United Kingdom UK United States US Region: ALL Show/Hide All Canada Alberta British Columbia Québec (en français) Follow Newsletters Get CanadaNewsletters Email address Enter Email Address iOS app Android app More Desktop Alerts $USERNAME Desktop Notifications Profile Settings Logout FRONT PAGE Politics Liberal MP Accuses Tories Of Laughing At Amarjeet Sohi's Past Career As Bus Driver 0 M-103: Liberal Government Will Support Iqra Khalid's Motion Condemning Islamophobia 0 Go to Politics More in Politics Althia Raj Bill C-51 Salute Politics Videos You Might Also Like US Politics UK Politics Business Cineplex Mulls Streaming Original Movies As Attendance Drops 6 Vancouver's Average House Price Drops By Nearly One-Fifth 0 Toronto Has A Housing Bubble, BMO Says, So Let's 'Drop The Pretense' 8 Google, Facebook Canadian Divisions Oppose 'Punitive' Media Tax Proposal 7 Jeff Wheeldon: Trump's Anti-Immigrant Stance Could Give Canada's Economy An Edge 1 Go to Business More in Business Working Poor Joint Venture Sunny Freeman Business Videos You Might Also Like Tech TechCrunch WorldPost How The British Royals Spent Super Bowl Sunday 0 French Presidential Candidate Suggests Beleaguered U.S. Researchers Could Work In France 0 Frank Pasquale: From Holocaust Denial To Hitler Admiration, Google's Algorithm Is Dangerous 0 As Trump Eases Russian Sanctions, Norway Reveals A Kremlin Cyberattack 0 Avalanche Kills At Least 50 In Afghanistan, Buries Village In Snow 0 Go to WorldPost More in WorldPost Foreign Affairs World Elections Arab Uprising Afghanistan War Syria Crisis You Might Also Like Travel Impact Parents Parents Need To Ditch The Parenting Books And Trust Their Gut 0 William Shatner Helps Boy With Autism Find 'Star Wars' Kraft Dinner 0 Olivia Wilde Melts Hearts On Valentine's Day With Sweet Snaps Of Kids 0 Chemo Drug Used To Treat Hodgkin's Lymphoma May Boost Fertility In Women 0 Go to Parents More in Parents Apparently Parents Videos You Might Also Like Healthy Inspiration Recipes Women Sex & Relationships Weddings Living Stuart McLean Dies, But His 'Vinyl Cafe' Stories Will Keep Canadians Laughing 0 Stuart McLean, CBC Radio Host Of 'The Vinyl Cafe,' Dead At 68 25 Grammys President Says Award Show Doesn't Have A 'Race Problem At All' 0 South Koreans Share Their Thoughts On Black People In Eye-Opening Video 2 Asthma Sufferers Have A Hard Time Having Sex: Survey 0 Go to Living More in Living 2 Minutes To Transform Apparently I'm Sold Canada Say it. Make it. Eat it. Like A Tourist Living Videos You Might Also Like Healthy Inspiration Recipes Women Sex & Relationships Style Katy Perry Loves Hillary Clinton So Much She Named A Shoe After Her 1 Vogue's Diversity Issue Features A White Model Wearing Yellowface 4 Haircuts 2017: The 7 Hottest Chops To Try This Year 3 Go to Style More in Style Style Videos Beauty Fashion Celeb Style Wedding Style Best And Worst Dressed Skincare You Might Also Like Style (U.S.) Weddings Entertainment Alec Baldwin's Donald Trump Takes His Grievances To 'The People's Court' On 'SNL' 0 Kate McKinnon Plays Jeff Sessions On 'SNL' Because She Can Be Literally Anyone 0 Think Leslie Jones Can't Play Donald Trump? You're Wrong, Bigly. 0 Meryl Streep Addresses Donald Trump's 'Over-Rated' Tweet In Moving Speech 0 Singer Al Jarreau Dead At 76 0 Go to Entertainment You Might Also Like Music Celebrity TV Moviefone Arts Bold Nude Photos Celebrate The 'Fat Love' Affairs That Go Unnoticed 0 Oprah's HBO Film Will Finally Tell The Story Of Henrietta Lacks 0 Image Of Naked Putin Fondling Pregnant Trump Haunts New Yorkers On Valentine's Day 0 Photos Capture The Scrutiny And Harassment Young Women Face Just Being In Public 0 To Protest Trump's Travel Ban, Museum Will Temporarily Remove All Work By Immigrant Artists 0 Go to Arts You Might Also Like Books Black Voices Latino Voices Gay Voices Religion Alberta Douglas Garland Trial: Triple-Murder Suspect Did Time For Drug Trafficking 0 'This Is Not A Passport Photo' Project Creates New Memories For Syrian Refugees 0 Go to Alberta More in Alberta Alberta Politics Alberta Business Rachel Notley Calgary Edmonton BC Usha Ram, B.C. Burger King Employee Fired For Taking 50 Cents Of Food, Awarded $46K 16 Magnetic Drug Implant From UBC Could Revolutionize How Drugs Are Delivered 0 Spencer Chandra Herbert, Husband Welcome Baby Boy 220 Go to BC More in BC B.C. Politics B.C. Business B.C. Good News B.C. RCMP Vancouver Vancouver Housing You Might Also Like B.C.Videos All Sections News Canada Politics Canada Business US Politics US Business World Media Sports Education Crime Weird News Good News Daily Finance Entertainment Entertainment Music TV Celebrity Comedy Arts Books Moviefone Life & Style Living Style Home Healthy Living Taste Weddings Travel Parents Divorce HuffPost 50 OWN Quiet Revolution Tech & Science Tech Science Green Techcrunch Engadget TUAW Joystiq Voices Impact Women Black Voices Latino Voices Queer Voices Religion College Teen Outspeak Local Quebec (French) Calgary Montreal Ottawa Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg Mapquest Patch.com Our Mobile Apps: iPhone iPad Android Phone Android Tablet Canada HuffPost Quebec (en français) What's Working Video Impact Blogs Canada Video 2 Minutes To Transform ► Oh Nothing, Just A Herd Of Caribou Licking Salt Off A Highway Leave It To This Maritimer To Plow Snow In A Bikini MP Accuses Tories Of Laughing At Minister's Past Job Driving Bus CBC Radio Host Stuart McLean Dead At 68 Burger King Worker Fired Over 50 Cents Of Food Wins $46K In Court Parents Today Are, Well, Overparenting William Shatner Helps Boy With Autism Find 'Star Wars' Kraft Dinner Alberta Photographer Takes Family Photos For Refugees Who Lost It All Liberals Back Motion Condemning Islamophobia, Despite Tory Concerns Grammys President Denies Award Show Has A 'Race Problem' B.C. MLA, Husband Welcome Valentine's Day Baby What Some South Koreans Think Of Black People When You Have Asthma, Sex Isn't Always So Great Vogue's Diversity Issue Features A White Model In Yellowface These Are The Haircuts You'll Want This Year Previous Story Next Story THE BLOG Featuring fresh takes and real-time analysis from HuffPost's signature lineup of contributors Jeff Melanson Become a fan Business executive and dedicated arts and culture leader Email Out Of The Ordinary Posted: 02/15/2017 5:31 pm EST Updated: 02/15/2017 5:31 pm EST ThomasVogel via Getty Images Share Tweet Email Comment tumblr reddit I remember reading Phoebe Gilman's award winning children's book "Something from Nothing" to my three children. It is a great book that Gilman herself describes as a story adapted from an old Jewish folksong about a tailor who makes his old coat into a jacket, vest and tie, and finally a button. When the button is lost, he makes a song up about it all." In the story, as the various items wear down, they are renewed through the vision and a labour of a loving grandfather tailor who sees not waste in the diminished garments, but instead the emergence of new potential. He truly makes something from nothing over and again. Gilman's work -as supported by the accolades and awards- is a rather extraordinary story. And yet, what does it mean to be extraordinary? On some level, I think we are all looking to lead extraordinary lives, but is the extraordinary something that magically appears or does it emerge out of the ordinary? In Malcolm Gladwell's book Outliers, Gladwell studies many stories of success and finds that while natural ability or skill are important factors in determining our path in life, extreme amounts of concentrated practice (10,000 hours) and happenstance simultaneously play very powerful roles in defining our success. In a way, Gladwell suggests that repetition (likely often mundane) and random advantages seem to account for a significant portion of the reason for disproportionate success in the lives of many individuals. On Gladwell's theme, I have always found that my best ideas emerge in idle, unfocussed or mindless moments:an illuminated insight that comes to me while sitting in a coffee house, or the creative impulse that strikes while I am swimming laps, or the epiphany that hits in the middle of the night, all emerge out of the ordinary, or out of stillness or repetition. I think of the Boeing Moonshine Shop case as one powerful 'out of the ordinary' professional success stories. In the Boeing case, a group of creative individuals were freed from their normal duties to work on a team challenged to make something useful from the waste and scrap from Boeing's manufacturing processes. In addition, they were provided with no additional resources - beyond their own ingenuity, of course. What these teams created was nothing short of incredible. They ended up creating some of the most profitable and effective innovations at Boeing by making creative use of the "useless" waste that would have otherwise found itself in the trash. They created something extraordinary out of the ordinary. Imagine if every organization implemented such an "extraordinary" strategy. I wonder what extraordinary opportunities we might walk by every day that just require us to look more deeply or might challenge us to see the potential hiding in the mundane. What might we learn if we look for the ordinary/extraordinary in each other? What might emerge if "out of the ordinary" became our rallying cry? Perhaps more distinctiveness and less waste. Perhaps something...extraordinary. Follow Jeff Melanson on Twitter: www.twitter.com/jeffmelanson More: Jeff Melanson jeff-melanson jeff-melanson-tso jeff melanson tso   Click here to view Conversations Conversations Suggested For You FOLLOW HUFFPOST Email Email Address Please check the checkbox to indicate your consent Options HuffPost Daily Brief Get top stories and blog posts emailed to me each day.. Facebook HuffPost Twitter HuffPost Follow Google Plus HuffPost RSS The Huffington Post All RSS / Feeds Phone Available on the App Store Android App on Google Play Get it at Blackberry App World advertise make HuffPost your home page RSS careers FAQ user agreement privacy policy comment policy about us about our ads contact us Archive Copyright ©2017 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved. 2017© Part of HPMG News Use this form to alert a HuffPost editor about a factual or typographical error in this story. Notify message * Required * * * What kind of error is this? Choose an option Factual or typographical Comment moderation problem Rights and permissions Other * What is the correction? 0 count Describe the error here (1,000 character limit) * Type the words below so we know you are not a cyborg Sign me up for The Huffington Post's Daily Brief Thanks for your report!
Department of Defense Search Home About Biographies Office of the Secretary of Defense Insignias Officers Enlisted DoD 101 Military Departments Joint Chiefs of Staff U.S. Army U.S. Marine Corps U.S. Navy U.S. Air Force National Guard U.S. Coast Guard Unified Combatant Commands Military Service Seals A-Z List Leaders Secretary of Defense Biography Portrait Speeches Transcripts Photos Videos Travels Deputy Secretary of Defense Biography Portrait Speeches Transcripts Photos Travels Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Biography Portrait Transcripts Photos Videos Travels Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Biography Portrait Transcripts Photos News News Archive Face of Defense Press Advisories News Releases Publications Transcripts Speeches Casualty Status (PDF) Contracts DoD Live Blog RSS Other News Sources Photos Photo Gallery Photo Essays Week in Photos DVIDS DoD Flickr Imagery Archive Videos Live Events Defense TV DVIDS Special Reports Quick Links Legal & Administrative Skip to main content (Press Enter). Toggle navigation Department of Defense Department of Defense Home About Biographies Office of the Secretary of Defense Insignias Officers Enlisted DoD 101 Military Departments Joint Chiefs of Staff U.S. Army U.S. Marine Corps U.S. Navy U.S. Air Force National Guard U.S. Coast Guard Unified Combatant Commands Military Service Seals A-Z List Leaders Secretary of Defense Biography Portrait Speeches Transcripts Photos Videos Travels Deputy Secretary of Defense Biography Portrait Speeches Transcripts Photos Travels Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Biography Portrait Transcripts Photos Videos Travels Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Biography Portrait Transcripts Photos News News Archive Face of Defense Press Advisories News Releases Publications Transcripts Speeches Casualty Status (PDF) Contracts DoD Live Blog RSS Other News Sources Photos Photo Gallery Photo Essays Week in Photos DVIDS DoD Flickr Imagery Archive Videos Live Events Defense TV DVIDS Special Reports U.S. Department of Defense Search HomeNewsContractsContract View Contracts Press Operations Release No: CR-030-17 Feb. 15, 2017 PRINT  |  E-MAIL CONTRACTS NAVY Lockheed Martin Space Systems Co., Sunnyvale, California, is being awarded $95,355,755 for cost-plus-incentive-fee, cost-plus-fixed-fee modification P00020 to previously awarded contract N00030-15-C-0100 in support of the Trident II (D5) missile production and D5 Deployed Systems Support.  The work will be performed in: Sunnyvale, California (41.56 percent); Cape Canaveral, Florida (33.15 percent); Kings Bay, Georgia (9.34 percent); Silverdale, Washington (8.14 percent); Magna, Utah (2.92 percent); Palo Alto, California (1.03 percent); Poulsbo, Washington (0.90 percent); Clearwater, Florida (0.48 percent); Gainesville, Virginia (0.31 percent); Baltimore, Maryland (0.18 percent); Atlanta, Georgia (0.16 percent); Elkton, Maryland (0.16 percent); and other various locations (less than 0.10 percent each, 1.67 percent total), with work expected to be completed by Feb. 4, 2018.  Fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance (Navy) funds in the amount of $90,137,599; and research, development, test, and evaluation (Navy) funds in the amount of $5,218,156 are being obligated on this award.  Contract funds in the amount of $90,137,599 will expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  Strategic Systems Programs, Washington, District of Columbia, is the contracting activity.   The Boeing Co., Huntington Beach, California, is being issued $68,693,695 for cost-plus-incentive-fee, cost-plus-fixed-fee task order 2001 against a previously awarded basic ordering agreement (N00019-16-G-0001) for research, development, integration and testing efforts in support of the P-8A Poseidon aircraft.  This task order includes Increment 3 Block 2 acoustics subsystem capability enhancements, software updates, acoustics system and subsystem software sustainment, technical support, management, defect correction, modernization, enhancements, improvements, and obsolescence mitigation.  Work will be performed in Huntington Beach, California (80 percent); and Patuxent River, Maryland (20 percent), and is expected to be completed in January 2022.  Fiscal 2017 research, development, test and evaluation (Navy) funds in the amount of $6,008,980, will be obligated at time of award, none of which will expire at the end of the fiscal year.  The Naval Air Systems Command, Patuxent River, Maryland, is the contracting activity.    BAE Systems Norfolk Ship Repair, Norfolk, Virginia, is being awarded a $42,941,944 firm-fixed-price contract for USS Vicksburg (CG 69) fiscal 2017 special selected restricted availability (SSRA).  The SSRA work consists of multiple ship alterations and miscellaneous repairs.  The work package contained 99 work items, of which 92 items formed the base work package and 7 items are designated as options.  Work will involve ship repair, and modernization.  This contract includes options, which, if exercised, would bring the cumulative value of this contract to $45,997,390.  Work will be performed in Norfolk, Virginia, and is expected to be completed by September 2017.  Fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance (Navy); and fiscal 2017 other procurement (Navy) funding in the amount of $42,941,944 will be obligated at time of award.  Contract funds in the amount of $32,322,084 will expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  This contract was competitively procured under full and open competition, with one offer received.  The Mid-Atlantic Regional Maintenance Center, Norfolk, Virginia, is the contracting activity (N00024-16-D-4406-0010). Electric Boat Corp., Groton, Connecticut, is being awarded a $13,898,620 cost-plus-fixed-fee modification (contract line item number 2800) to a previously-awarded contract (N00024-09-C-2104) for the planning and execution of USS Illinois (SSN 786) post-delivery work period.  Electric Boat Corp. will perform planning and execution efforts including long-lead-time material procurement in preparation for the maintenance, repair, alterations, testing and other work on USS Illinois during its scheduled post-delivery work period.  The work will be performed in Groton, Connecticut, and is scheduled to be completed by June 2017.  Fiscal 2015 shipbuilding and conversion (Navy) funds in the amount of $9,898,620 will be obligated at the time of award and will not expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  Supervisor of Shipbuilding, Conversion and Repair, Groton, Connecticut, is the contracting activity. AIR FORCE National Aerospace Solutions, Arnold Air Force Base, Tennessee, has been awarded a $53,306,589 modification (P00012) to previously awarded contract FA9101-15-C-0500 for test, operations and sustainment. Contractor will provide test operations, technology development, equipment, facility sustainment, capital improvements and some support services for Arnold Engineering Development Complex. Work will be performed at Arnold Air Force Base, Tennessee, and is expected to be complete by June 30, 2017. No funds are being obligated at the time of award. Air Force Test Center, Arnold Air Force Base, Tennessee, is the contracting activity (FA9101-15-C-0500). Rockwell Collins Inc. - Government Systems, Cedar Rapids, Iowa, has been awarded a $12,887,772 firm-fixed-price contract. Contractor will provide full-rate production of equipment for Increment 1 of the Common Very Low Frequency Receiver (CVRi1) program. Work will be performed at Richardson, Texas, and is expected to be complete by March 1, 2019. This award is the result of a sole-source acquisition. Fiscal 2015 production funds in the amount of $1,337,478; fiscal 2016 production funds in the amount of $6,536,484; and fiscal 2017 production funds in the amount of $5,013,810 are being obligated at the time of award. Air Force Life Cycle Management Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, is the contracting activity (FA8616-17-C-0005). Tyonek Global Services Inc., Madison, Alabama, has been awarded a $9,071,595 firm-fixed-price contract for cyber operations formal training support. Contractor will provide course planning, technical writing, course development, instructor training and all other support necessary to support the field training unit. Work will be performed at Hurlburt Field, Florida; and Joint Base San Antonio - Lackland, Texas, and is expected to be complete by July 31, 2018. This award is the result of a sole-source acquisition. Fiscal 2017 operation and maintenance funds in the amount of $5,839,683 are being obligated at the time of award. The 38th Contracting Squadron, Tinker Air Force Base, Oklahoma, is the contracting activity (FA8773-17-C-0006). DEFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY Raytheon Co., Integrated Defense Systems, Andover, Massachusetts, has been awarded a $13,976,878 firm-fixed-price contract for radio frequency exciters. This was a sole-source acquisition using justification 10 U.S. Code 2304(c)(1) from Federal Acquisition Regulation 6.302-1, only one responsible source and no other supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements. This is a three-year contract with no option periods. Location of performance is Massachusetts, with a Jan. 31, 2020, performance completion date. Using military service is Army. Type of appropriation is fiscal 2017 defense working capital funds. The contracting activity is Defense Logistics Agency Aviation, Redstone Arsenal, Alabama (SPRRA2-17-C-0010). Type of appropriation is fiscal 2017 through 2020 defense working capital; and foreign military sales funds. The contracting activity is the Defense Logistics Agency Troop Support, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania (SPE1C1-17-D-1041). *Small business News News Articles Casualty Releases Press Advisories News Transcripts Publications Speeches Contracts Testimony Messages Special Reports Photos/Videos Photo Essays Week in Photos DoD Video News Other Pentagon Press Badges Military Commissions Press / Media Queries Other News Sources Recent Contracts Contracts for 02/15/2017 Contracts for 02/14/2017 Contracts for 02/13/2017 Contracts for 02/10/2017 Contracts for 02/09/2017 Contracts for 02/08/2017 Contracts for 02/07/2017 Contracts for 02/06/2017 Contracts for 02/03/2017 Contracts for 02/02/2017 Mission The mission of the Department of Defense is to provide the military forces needed to deter war and to protect the security of our country. The department's headquarters is at the Pentagon. Subscribe Now Get the latest DoD News products delivered to your inbox. Subscribe Military Departments Unified Combatant Commands Connect
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Budget 2017 SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Global aerospace boom is over, but likely no bust ahead - analyst Global aerospace boom is over, but likely no bust ahead - analyst Source : Last Updated: Thu, Feb 16, 2017 01:04 hrs Tweet Mail Print By Alwyn Scott SEATTLE (Reuters) - Demand for jetliners made by Boeing Co and Airbus is in decline but no big bust for the industry lies ahead, a leading analyst said on Wednesday, noting that military aircraft sales should rise. "The great boom is over," Richard Aboulafia, analyst at Teal Group, said at an industry conference near Seattle on Wednesday. "But I don't see a bust cycle" unless there's a trade war, he added. An industry slowdown has implications for investors and suppliers trying to anticipate the flow of orders as a guide the capacity they will need to meet changes in aircraft production. Multi-year backlogs of jetliner orders at both big plane makers will cushion the downturn, along with rising sales of military aircraft, especially spy and fighter planes as defence spending is expected to rise at least initially under U.S. President Donald Trump, he added. Higher interest rates and a possible border tax on imports could hurt the U.S. aerospace industry, however, by causing the dollar to strengthen further, Aboulafia said. Also, the risk of a major trade dispute is as high as at any time since World War II, he added. A U.S. trade dispute with China would likely benefit European plane maker Airbus since China could easily retaliate against the U.S. by curbing orders of Boeing planes, Aboulafia said. In the commercial aircraft market, a planned ramp up in output of single-aisle Boeing 737 and Airbus A320 aircraft is likely to continue. The two plane makers plan to increase output by more than 30 percent through the end of the decade and need the income from these high-volume assembly lines to hit their financial targets. "This is the part of the market where you're going to see continued growth," he said. But twin-aisle aircraft face a much tougher future because there are more models competing while demand is declining. "Everyone wants too much from this market," he said, adding that orders are "plateauing." (Reporting by Alwyn Scott; Editing by Alan Crosby) SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 28120.00 (-0.46%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 28830.00 (0.8%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 28700.00 (0.35%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 28440.00 (-0.59%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 27600.00 (-0.36%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 27750.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 28250.00 (-0.07%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 41835.00 (-0.7%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 41835.00 (-0.7%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 41835.00 (-0.7%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 41835.00 (-0.7%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 41835.00 (-0.7%) more talking point on sify finance About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
Menu Search Home Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Subscribe Sign In Search Home Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Aerospace blog Aerospace leaders seek an edge at conference in Lynnwood Dan Catchpole Tue Feb 14th, 2017 5:13am Business You must sign in or register to continue reading content. LYNNWOOD — Workers at the Lynnwood Convention Center are getting the place ready for the hundreds of aerospace leaders gathering here this week to discuss the industry’s future. The focus for this year’s Pacific Northwest Aerospace Alliance’s 16th annual conference is how to keep or gain an edge in an increasingly competitive global market. The alliance is a nonprofit advocating on behalf of the aerospace industry. From the biggest airplane makers — Boeing and Airbus — down to the smallest supplier, companies are being pushed to drive down production costs and time. That is “changing the way we design and build each part and component of today’s commercial and military jets,” the PNAA notes on its website. A glance at the conference’s agenda reveals the anxiety creeping through the industry. The titles of two presentations refer to the “more for less era.” Executives from leading aircraft manufacturers Boeing, Airbus, Embraer and newcomer Mitsubishi will update attendees on their airplane programs and where they see the market going. Suppliers, such as Ed Colvin, vice president at Arconic Forgings and Extrusions, will discuss how 3D printing and other new technologies are reshaping how parts are designed, made and delivered. More than 600 people representing 355 companies are traveling from 10 countries to attend the conference, which runs from Tuesday through Thursday. The conference also offers smaller companies opportunities to meet with representatives from Boeing and major aerospace suppliers. Dan Catchpole: 425-339-3454; dcatchpole@heraldnet.com. Twitter: @dcatchpole. Most Read Arlington officer shoots girl, 17, who reportedly had knife ARLINGTON — Police shot a 17-year-old girl who reportedly was armed with… Feb 15th, 2017 by Caitlin Tompkins City Councilwoman Cassie Franklin to run for Everett mayor EVERETT — City Councilwoman Cassie Franklin has joined the race for mayor.… Feb 14th, 2017 by Chris Winters In SC, Boeing goes all out to defeat vote on unionization By Josh Eidelson / Bloomberg News At a Monday rally in a… Feb 15th, 2017 County declares an emergency to stop rising Lake Serene LYNNWOOD — Relief could be on the way soon for homeowners around… Feb 14th, 2017 by Noah Haglund Why an Everett woman gave her business away — to an employee It was the sudden death of Cyndi Mitchell’s only child in 2006… Feb 15th, 2017 by Jennifer Sasseen © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Contact Social media
RSS | Free Trial Home | Advertise | Classifieds | About | Contact Subscribe Sign In The Star - News, views and advertising of the Grand Coulee Dam Area   Reader Comments (0)  Print     Home News Opinion People Births Community Obituaries School Sports Calendar Lifestyles Legals Advertise Classifieds Browse Ads Place An Ad   Helen Marie Brose   February 15, 2017 | LXXVI No. 47  | View PDF Helen Marie Brose, born September 7, 1930, to Walter and Marie Gallinger, in Cumberland, Wisconsin, passed peacefully on Friday, February 3, 2017.   She is survived by her husband of over 60 years, Val; son, Dale, of Santa Maria, California; daughter, Paula, of Santa Maria, and daughter, Kathy (Jon) Pierce, of Rancho Cucamonga, California, as well as her grandchildren: Lauren Brose, and Jonathan, Tyler and Melissa Pierce.  Her first great-granddaughter is to be born in April.  Helen is also survived by her sister, Mary, of Boise, Idaho, and several nieces and nephews in Washington and Idaho. She is predeceased by her brothers: Bill, Jack and George; sisters-in-law: Mary, Betty and Hazel; brother-in-law, Ellery, and her favorite yellow lab, Yukon Jac. In 1939 her family moved from the family farm in Wisconsin to Grand Coulee Dam, Washington, where her dad and brothers worked on the construction of Grand Coulee Dam.  After graduating from Grand Coulee High School in 1948 she managed the telephone company in Grand Coulee.  She then went on to work for Boeing in Seattle, where she met her husband, Val.  After a move to San Diego and Florida and back to San Diego, Val was transferred to Vandenberg Air Force Base and they have resided in Santa Maria since 1958.  She was a homemaker until Dale was in junior high school when she went to work at Sears in the old store as well as the new store in the Town Center, where she was a teletype operator in the catalog department, retiring in 1995.  She was very involved in all of our school activities, sports and scouting. She and Val enjoyed traveling, having traveled to every state in the United States, all Canadian Provinces and several trips to Europe. They were at their best when they were on the road.  She enjoyed gardening - especially raising orchids, cooking, shopping, crocheting afghans, sewing, gambling (any one-armed bandit would do, as long as it paid), attending NASCAR and sprint car races (Sammy Swindell was her favorite driver), and watching Kobe Bryant and the Lakers; but most of all - fishing at Cachuma, the Eastern Sierras, American and Sacramento Rivers, and trout fishing in Rush River as well as Twin Lakes in Washington. Her favorite was salmon fishing on the Sacramento River with her son Dale, and in her 80s she could still catch and land a 40 lb. salmon. It was an ongoing deal: I will go to the races but then we go fishing! She will be greatly missed but she is at peace and we shall see each other again. We would like to thank her caregivers, Percy, Bless, Michelle and Annie of All Family for all of their love and support of our mom, as well as Dignity Health Hospice nurse Trina, Mrs. Oklerblom and Chaplain Dominick Simonelli. There will be no services for Helen at her request.  If you would like to make a donation in Helen’s memory, please contact your local Alzheimer’s Association.  MOST POPULAR: Comments Viewed 1. Rule reversal protects ... 2. Big loss seen as tempor... 3. Survey tabulated, Pathw... 4. Grant will help Elmer C... 5. Kettle Falls marina clo... MOST POPULAR: Comments Viewed No comments have been posted You might be interested in: Jacob Steven Fischer Barbara Lackner Jerry Blain Sharr Shirley Mae Shelby Virginia "Ginny" D. Canterbury (Ferguson)   Reader Comments (0) Log in to add your comment       The Star | P.O. Box 150, Grand Coulee, WA 99133 Ph: (509) 633-1350 or Toll-free: (888) 633-1350 | star@grandcoulee.com | www.grandcoulee.com Content and information copyright Star Publishing, Inc. DBA The Star Powered by ROAR Online Publication Software © Copyright 2017 Lions Light Corp. — Software for newspapers & magazines Sitemap | Privacy | Terms of Use | Submit Content | Mobile Browser Rendered 02/15/2017 11:21
Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News BUDGET 2017 Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio BLink Auto focus Clean Tech Emerging Entrepreneurs Flight Plan India File India Interior Pulse Technophile Luxe New Manager AERO INDIA 2017 HAL plans capex of ₹17,500 cr spread over 5-6 years Anil Urs comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet Will go public next fiscal year; to appoint lead managers: Chairman T Suvarna Raju Bengaluru, February 15:   Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (HAL), public sector defence aerospace major, has planned a capital expenditure of ₹17,500 crore spread over 5-6 years to meet aircraft upgrades, develop new aircraft and to modernise its manufacturing units. Part of the funds will be raised through loans and the balance is expected to be met by going public through an IPO, said T Suvarna Raju, Chairman of HAL. “The company will shortly announce book keeping lead managers, and will be filing DHRP by the end of this fiscal,” he added. Declining to give details like size of the IPO or amount to be raised through IPO, Raju said company’s current order book is to the tune of ₹46,000 crore. On the exports front, company it is worth ₹500 crore that comprise Airbus doors and defence and civil exports to Boeing and Dornier.Fixed wing Against the order of 222 Su MKI, company has delivered 183 by the end of January 2017. The balance will be delivered by 2019-20 at the rate of 12 aircraft per year. The company has an order to produce and deliver 40 Tejas Mark-1 fighters to the IAF, including eight in the limited series production for IOC (initial operational clearance) and FOC (Final Operational Clearance). Currently the company has delivered three. “The government has recently sanctioned ₹1,000 crore to ramp up our production capacity for rolling out 16 Tejas fighters every year from eight currently,” Raju said. As per the agreement, the air force and navy will each share 25 per cent of the investment while the company (HAL) will invest the remaining 50 per cent. Dornier, company got an order for 16 aircraft by the Navy, so far 10 have been delivered and the balance order will be serviced by 2019-20.Rotary wing HAL against the order of 221 Advanced Light Helicopters (ALHs) has delivered 136 helicopters and current order book is for 159 helicopters. The company makes military (Rudra) and civil (Dhruv) variants of the 5-tonne twin-seater multi-utility chopper to meet the various needs of the air force, army and navy, including combat, utility, reconnaissance, transport and medical aviation. In the rotary wing business, HAL is waiting for orders to supply its multimode Light Combat Helicopter (LCH) to the IAF and the Army as the Defence Acquisition Council (DAC) has cleared only 15 (10 for IAF and 5 for Army) so far. Orders HAL is expected to sign orders for selling 73 Advanced Light Helicopters (ALH) and 106 HTT-40 trainers to the armed forces. “We expect to sign the order for 73 ALH worth ₹14,000 crore to the Services soon and order for 106 HTT-40 to the Indian Air Force (IAF) worth ₹4,770 crore when ready for production,” said Raju. (This article was published on February 15, 2017) Post Comment Related TOPICS politics | defence | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. BusinessLine Special: India at 70 Godrej Group - Enterprise, ethics: the two pillars of an empire Godrej Group - Enterprise, ethics: the two pillars of an empire How the Godrej Group channelled the swadeshi spirit at home, and then went global » The Godrej rhyme The Godrej rhyme This poem, which traces the evolution of the Godrej Group in the early days, was read by Nadir Godrej in 1997, the centenary of the Group’s founding, at the inauguration of a research centre named af... » This is an outstanding business to be in: N Srinivasan This is an outstanding business to be in: N Srinivasan India Cements Managing Director N Srinivasan walks R Balaji through the company’s journey over seven decades.How have India Cements and the domestic cement indust... » India Cements : A company in the business of ‘nation-building’ India Cements : A company in the business of ‘nation-building’ It is the produce from India Cements’ factories that have gone into building iconic Indian landmarks » Read More » BusinessLine Infographics Infographic Series: Explore the Indian economy in graphic detail Infographic: India Inc's small companies to get the benefit of lower tax Infographic: Progress card on Modi's pet projects Read More » MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED Not snake oil anymore Bharat Electronics bags offset contract order from Elbit Systems Jet Airways plans to order 75 new Boeing aircraft worth $7.5 billion The art of walking away Vivo V5 Plus: A lot of money just to click a good selfie Airbus to set up skill centre in Telangana When uniforms get personalised Dassault aims to sell more Rafale jets in India Changing our ego-system Another tech show is coming and it's all mobile Top Gainers / Top Losers LATEST NEWS Realty, healthcare stocks push Sensex up 158 points 6 min. ago Essar to invest Rs 10,000 crore for setting up 1,200-MW power plant in Jharkhand 11 min. ago Mehbooba Mufti to expand Council of Ministers 14 min. ago Samsung launches new range of refrigerators, air-conditioners 24 min. ago Tata Motors inks pact with Microsoft for connected vehicle tech 1 hr. More » Union Budget 2016 in Interactive graphics Interactive graphic: What the Budget meant for rural India Interactive graphic: What the Budget meant for rural India The Budget heavily focused on rural India and the farm economy, BusinessLine breaks down the key announcements and why it is necessary to focus on India's hinterland » Interactive graphic: How have Modi's pet schemes fared? Interactive graphic: How have Modi's pet schemes fared? Use this graphic to understand how the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojna, JAM trinity and Bima yojna performed » Interactive graphic: Indian corporates bear the tax burden Interactive graphic: Indian corporates bear the tax burden Did you know Indian corporates pay more tax than their BRIC peers, and also other economies the world over? BusinessLine breaks it down for you » Read More » O P E N close Recent Article in Specials Strata, Reliance Defence sign MoU Strata Manufacturing PJSC (Strata), the advanced composite aero-structures manufacturing company, wholly owned by Mubadala Development C... » Business Line: Home | News | BUDGET 2017 | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
National PostDigital Access | Sign in / Register Home Financial Post News Comment Personal Finance Investing Tech Sports Arts Life Health Homes Driving Classifieds Jobs Subscribe News Canada Politics Canadian Politics TRENDINGReal estate | Lotto Max | Important Questions | CPC leadership | Garland murder trial | Trump Forced to resign as RCAF honorary colonel for criticizing Super Hornets, former Tory MP says David Pugliese, Ottawa Citizen | February 14, 2017 11:51 PM ET More from David Pugliese, Ottawa Citizen Twitter Google+ Reddit Email Typo? More Comments LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon Former Conservative MP and fighter pilot Laurie Hawn says he was forced from his role as a RCAF honorary colonel because he voiced strong concerns about the Liberal government’s plan to buy the Boeing Super Hornet. But the Royal Canadian Air Force says Hawn was asked to resign because those serving in such honorary positions are not allowed to be political advocates or promote political opinions. Hawn, a former CF-18 pilot, was Honorary Colonel for 401 Tactical Fighter Squadron until Feb. 11 when he was asked to resign by RCAF commander Lt.-Gen. Mike Hood. “Speaking truth to power can be risky,” Hawn said in a recent post on his Facebook page. “I re-confirmed that this week by speaking out rather more forcefully than was appreciated to the Commander of the RCAF and the Chief of the Defence Staff, on the issue of the CF-18 replacement.” Hawn, who as Conservative parliamentary defence secretary was the Harper government’s point man advocating the purchase of the F-35 stealth fighter, outlined on Facebook what he believed were the flaws of the Super Hornet. He accused Prime Minister Justin Trudeau of “foolish and inaccurate statements” on the fighter jet file. “And you thought that Donald Trump was the only purveyor of ‘alternate facts’,” Hawn wrote. Related Liberals admit ‘interim’ Super Hornet jets may only fly for 12 years, despite costing billions Parliamentary budget watchdog investigating unknown cost to purchase Super Hornet fighter jets Report critical of interim fighter jet purchases deleted from DND website amid plan to buy Super Hornets Hood asked Hawn to resign on Feb. 11 and Hawn did so, the RCAF confirmed in a statement to the Ottawa Citizen on Tuesday. “As political advocating is not compatible with continued service as an Honorary Colonel, Laurie Hawn has resigned as Honorary Colonel for 401 Tactical Fighter Squadron,” the RCAF noted in the statement. “His leadership and tireless commitment to the RCAF is deeply appreciated.” According to the RCAF, the public and the news media consider honorary appointees to be representatives of the Department of National Defence. “It is very important, however, that Honorary Colonels remain outside any public controversy concerning the Canadian Armed Forces, steer well clear of comments that could possibly threaten operational security and never use the appointment to promote political opinion or to seek political favour for the unit or any member thereof,” according to a policy statement forwarded by the RCAF. Hawn acknowledged on Facebook that, “I have been very critical of the 100% politically motivated plan to buy 18 “interim” Super Hornets for some time.” “Most Canadians may not really care about Super Hornet versus F-35, but I think they do care about the waste of billions of dollars for very little return, especially if it’s purely in the name of politics,” Hawn added. In November the Liberal government announced it was entering into discussions with the U.S. government and Boeing for the eventual acquisition of 18 “interim” Super Hornet jets until a permanent fleet for the existing CF-18 aircraft could be bought. The Liberals said Canada is facing a capability gap because it doesn’t have enough fighter jets to fulfill its military missions. Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan has blamed the previous Conservative government for bungling the project to replace the aging CF-18s. The Liberal government has acknowledged the decision to buy the 18 Super Hornets will cost more in the long run. Find National Post on Facebook Twitter Google+ Reddit Email Typo? More Comments LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon Topics: Canada, Canadian Politics, News, Laurie Hawn, RCAF, Super Hornets Holy Post ‘You are, in fact an answer to prayer’: Religious right finds salvation in Donald Trump’s White House Outspoken bishop steps down after almost two decades leading Calgary’s Catholics, cites health reasons Shaker religious society nearly extinct after one of final three members dies at 89 Latest violence has Christians across Middle East fearing bleak future for themselves in region Pope Francis decries suffering in Syria, sends Christmas wishes to those scarred by war and terrorism Powered by WordPress.com VIP Our Partners Infomart The Province Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Classifieds Remembering Celebrating Classifieds Marketplace Workopolis FlyerCity Classifieds Self-Service Services Advertise with us Subscribe Subscriber Services ePaper Newsletters Site map Legal Privacy Terms Contact us Copyright & permissions Connect with Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Pinterest © 2017 National Post, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Post to Cancel
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds GNCars The UAE's first stop shop for buying and selling cars. GNCareers Give your career a boost. Find the best and latest jobs. GNClassifieds The site for buying and selling almost anything. GNproperty Region's leading property site for buying and renting. Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES AVIATION February 16, 2017 | Last updated 2 minutes ago ---- usd---- 24KGold--   Hot Topics: World Government Summit Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE News Business Data Equities Commodities Currencies top stories in Data Gold prices continue to fall in Dubai Dubai gold prices hit record high UAE shoppers go easy on gold jewellery Gold Rate Sectors18 Markets10 Automotives1 Banking1 Construction Employment2 Features General Investment2 Media Careers2 Energy58 Retail1 Shipping Technology9 Telecoms1 Tourism1 top stories in Sectors Content a stumbling block for AR and VR take-off Digital natives to fuel growth for Honor Rising hack attacks targets Mideast users Renewables Aviation3 Live Flights top stories in Aviation Strikes to cause disruption at German airports Trump warms to Ex-Im Bank value Idex 2017 to kick start on Sunday Economy2 Property11 GN Property top stories in Property Tough year ahead for Dubai real estate sector Mid-market Dubai communities near mid-2014 high Ibn Battuta Mall area expansion to cost Dh850m Money Visas Analysis4 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Idex 2017 to kick start on Sunday More than 1,200 defence companies to take part in the five day event Image Credit: Abdul Rahman/Gulf News From left: Major-General Ishaq Saleh Al Beloushi, deputy chairman of the Higher Organising Committee of Idex 2017 and Navdex 2017; Major-General Faris Khalaf Al Mazroui, chairman of Higher Organising Committee of Idex 2017 and Navdex 2017; Humaid Matar Al Daheri, Group CEO of Adnex; and Saeed Al Mansouri, director of Idex 2017 and Navdex 2017 during a press conference at Adnec on Wednesday. Published: 18:02 February 15, 2017 Fareed Rahman, Senior Reporter   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE Abu Dhabi: The International Defence Exhibition and Conference (Idex 2017) opens on Sunday in Abu Dhabi and will see 1,235 defence companies participating, up 3 per cent compared to the last edition in 2015, organisers said on Wednesday. The thirteenth edition of Idex and the fourth edition of the Naval Defence Exhibition (Navdex) will run from February 19 to 23, organised under the patronage of President His Highness Shaikh Khalifa Bin Zayed Al Nahyan, Supreme Commander of the UAE Armed Forces. This year’s Idex will see 125 local defence companies taking part — a sign of a growing local defence industry in the UAE. Navdex will host 99 naval defence companies from 27 countries. Organisers also said that this year’s Idex will welcome 100,000 visitors from across the globe. “Since its inception, Idex has consolidated its status as one of the leading international defence events. It has successfully showcased the pioneering efforts of our wise leadership to strengthen the country’s defence sector and enhance its capabilities,” said Major-General Pilot Faris Khalaf Al Mazrouei, chairman of the higher organising committee of Idex 2017 and Navdex 2017. He said the first day of the events will host spectacular live demonstrations by military personnel showcasing the capabilities of the UAE’s cutting edge defence equipment. Humaid Matar Al Daheri, group chief executive officer of the Abu Dhabi National Exhibitions Company (Adnec), said since its inaugural edition in 1993, Idex has grown stronger. “We have witnessed a tremendous increase in the number of participants and visitors, as well as the exhibition and demonstration area. The first edition 24 years ago hosted only 350 companies from 34 countries, with the total exhibition space not exceeding 12,000 square metres.” Al Daheri noted that the number of participating countries had increased to 57 with the addition of ten new ones this year. Speaking on Navdex, he said the fourth edition of Navdex has received a strong response from specialised naval defence companies with 99 companies participating from 27 countries worldwide, representing an increase of 17 per cent over the last edition in 2015. Big names in the global defence industry, including Lockheed Martin, Raytheon, Boeing, Embraer, Northrop Grumman as well as local companies such as Tawazun Holding, Emirates Defence Industries Company (Edic), will take part in the five-day event that will be held at the Abu Dhabi National Exhibition Centre (Adnec). Boeing Defence, Space & Security will showcase the Apache Attack Helicopter, services and sustainment capabilities, as well as a diverse array of defence and security products. Bernard Dunn, president of Boeing Middle East, North Africa and Turkey, said in a statement that international sales currently represent roughly 37 per cent of Boeing Defence, Space & Security’s business and they see continued opportunities for growth, particularly in the Middle East and the Asia Pacific regions. “Boeing continues to work closely with the United Arab Emirates and other government and defence forces in the region who will be present at Idex and play a key role in enhancing security in the region,” Dunn said. A number of defence deals are expected to be signed during the event. Deals worth Dh18.3 billion were signed during Idex 2015.   More from Aviation Trump warms to Ex-Im Bank value Idex 2017 to kick start on Sunday Rolls-Royce tumbles to record $5.8b loss Emirates says flight was delayed by Delta Muscat International Airport ready by year end Etihad flight diverted due to 'security threat' Emirates CEO not worried about US open sky deals Emirates chair stands firmly by US operations tags from this storyUnited Arab Emirates follow this tag on MGNAbu Dhabi follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessAviation tagsUnited Arab Emirates follow this tag on MGN+ MGNAbu Dhabi follow this tag on MGN+ MGNkhalifa bin zayed Also In AviationStrikes to cause disruption at German airports Business Gallery Classic car collectors gather in Paris Look: Inside the most expensive home in US Business Videos PlayAbu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedGalleriesVideos 01Etihad flight diverted due to 'security threat' 02Strikes to cause disruption at German airports 03Idex 2017 to kick start on Sunday 04Emirates says flight was delayed by Delta 05Trump warms to Ex-Im Bank value 11Images Look: Inside the most expensive home in US Feb 08, 2017 14Images In Pictures: Hatta Honey Festival Feb 02, 2017 20Images Highlights: SIHH luxury watch show Jan 18, 2017 1Image In pictures: Cannes Yachting Festival Sep 07, 2016 Play Abu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Nov 24, 2016 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens Oct 01, 2016 Play Emirati who created 2 successful companies Jan 02, 2016 Explore the UAE Find the right airport Currency Converter first-currency currencyAEDDinarRupee= first-currency currencyINRDinarRupee Most Popular on Gulf News UAE to build first city on Mars by 2117 14 rescued after blaze near Floating Bridge Etihad flight diverted due to 'security threat' UAE wakes up to wet, rainy conditions Three bodies found in Sharjah oil tank Getting a Dubai driving licence could get harder Man caught growing marijuana in villa World Government Summit 2017: as it happened Friends, family pay tribute to Indian student Close Recommended For You The beauty detailsPUBLISHED ON Feb 16, 2017 The fashion detailsPUBLISHED ON Feb 16, 2017 Kim Jong Nam assassination: Second woman heldPUBLISHED ON Feb 16, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing Digital About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Implications Of Today's Boeing Union Vote Wayne Duggan , Benzinga Staff Writer     {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} February 15, 2017 9:53am   Comments Share: Related BA Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For February 13, 2017 Oil Weakness A Possible Drag On Market As Earnings Season Keeps Rolling 737 MAX-9 to fly in April (Seeking Alpha) The Machinists Union wants to represent workers at the Boeing Co (NYSE: BA) plant in South Carolina, and workers will be voting Wednesday to make it happen. The Machinists already represent the majority of the Boeing factory workers across the country, but Boeing specifically chose to build its new plant in South Carolina back in 2011 so it would be a non-union plant. Only 2 percent of South Carolina workers are unionized, the lowest share of any state in the United States. A victory for the union would turn up the heat even more on Boeing, which has been under fire from the Trump administration. President Donald Trump bashed Boeing for the cost of the new Air Force One, even threatening to “Cancel order!” on Twitter. Other Relevant Elements Of The Boeing Story In addition, Trump’s head-butting with China and Iran has threatened deals two of Boeing’s largest international customers. Boeing’s South Carolina workers want to be paid in-line with their unionized peers in Washington. Boeing currently pays its Washington workers roughly $10/hour more than its South Carolina workers. Related Link: Attention Boeing Investors: Don't Worry About Trump's Trade War With China Boeing has argued that the pay discrepancy has to do with the economics of the local market. The company point out that South Carolina workers are currently paid more than unionized workers in Boeing’s Alabama plant. If workers vote to unionize in South Carolina and Boeing is forced to increase wages, the company will likely feel more pressure to further reduce its workforce. Boeing cut nearly 11,000 jobs in 2016 and plans on further cuts in 2017 as well. Posted-In: Air Force One labor unionsNews Politics Travel Events Trading Ideas General Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (BA) Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For February 13, 2017 Oil Weakness A Possible Drag On Market As Earnings Season Keeps Rolling Trump Wants To Build Up The U.S. Navy To 1940s Levels Here's Your Sell-Side Conference Preview The Truth Of The Trump Effect What Is A 'Trade War'? View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Sign up for email alerts on BA Trending Recent 1 AXSM, AGEN: 20 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's Pre-Market Session 2 RIO, TECK: Kerrisdale Capital: Northern Dynasty Stock 'Is A Zero' 3 TSLA: Tesla Continues March Toward New All-Time Highs 4 VMC, BHP: How Much Could It Cost To Fix Oroville Dam? 5 ZSAN, PLX: 18 Biggest Mid-Day Gainers For Monday 6 ESRX, IDTI: Must Watch Stocks for February... 7 MU: Micron Under Selling Pressure 1 VXX, UVXY: Sucker Bets: Volatility ETNs Keep Attracting Assets 2 SPY, USO: The Market In 5 Minutes 3 U.S. Dollar Index Trading Higher, Industrial Production Slips 4 ATVI: Activision Blizzard Still A Buy Despite 20% Share Pop, Says... 5 AMZN, LB: Amazon To Launch Clothing Line? 6 USD/CAD Moves Up, Canadian Car Sales Fall 7 MLM, ROP: Intelligent Infrastructure Index Emphasizes... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Lean Hog Futures Higher
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               Company Science & Technology News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Companies » Q&A Shareholder activism is result of drastic changes in IT: Malcolm Frank Business Standard If RCS is successful, passenger growth will be impressive: Dinesh Keskar India and China are good growth stories, but China is way ahead, said Dinesh Keskar Alnoor Peermohamed & Raghu Krishnan  |  Bengaluru  February 16, 2017 Last Updated at 03:06 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UTQCT1 Boeing expects India’s aeroplane market to grow significantly, as the market expands. Last month, it won a $22-billion order for 100 Boeing 737s from low-cost carrier Spicejet, narrowing its gap with rival Airbus. Passenger growth at 23 per cent is unprecedented when global growth is only five per cent, Dinesh Keskar, senior vice-president, Asia Pacific and India sales for Boeing Commercial Airplanes, tells Alnoor Peermohamed and Raghu Krishnan. Edited excerpts: What is your expectation of the Indian aviation market? We continue to see a plan by the government to ... TO READ THE FULL STORY, SUBSCRIBE NOW AT JUST Rs 149 A MONTH Key stories on business-standard.com are available to premium subscribers only. Already a premium subscriber? LOGIN NOW LOGIN EMAIL / USER NAME PASSWORD REMEMBER ME Forgot password? LOGIN Not a member yet ? Resister Now Connect using any below LOGIN WITH FACEBOOK LOGIN WITH GOOGLE Don't lose the opportunity of saving $26.77 per month Don't lose the opportunity of saving $26.77 per month Total Amount Rs. 0.00 To proceed, kindly select a subscription package WHAT YOU GET On Business Standard Digital Access your subscription from anywhere. Be it your computer, tablet or smartphone using a browser or the App, Your Choice. Access to exclusive content, features, opinions and comment, hand-picked by our editors, just for you. Pick your 5 favourite companies. Get all the news upates at the end of each day through E-Mail. Pick the industry that you want to track. And get a daily news letter specific to that industry. Cut out the clutter. And stay on top of your investments. Track stock prices in your portfolio Access 18 years of archival data On Digital Seamless access to WSJ.com with your Business Standard digital account. Experience the best of the Journal's reporting, video and interactive features. Read about the people and events shaping business, finance, technology, politics, technology and culture. Stay informed with newsletters - an easy way to get WSJ content straight to your inbox - making life easier on your busiest days. More business executives read the Journal globally than any other publication. *Note : Our Partners are proud to be associated with this initiative and will contribute Rs 100 x 6 months thereafter, standard rate of Rs 149 will be charged. Offer valid for Indian residents only Requires you to share personal information like PAN, Date of Birth, and Income. *Annual saving on WSJ subscription price of US$ 347.88 (12 months @ US$ 28.99 per month) * 1US$ = 67.50 INR. *Please note that this offer is not valid if you are/were a registered/existing user on WSJ Digital *Note : Please note that this offer is not valid if you are/were a registered/existing user on WSJ Digital. LOGIN Already registered ? Read More On Dinesh Keskar | Regional Connectivity Scheme | Boeing | China | Airport | Companies | Q&a PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Banking conveinience on the go, anytime...anywhere Save Tax on Your Premium u s 80D Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Double Benefits Cashless Treatments plus Tax Savings Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Exploring Untapped Potential of Mutual Funds. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Supercharge your Indian property portfolio Main Jahan, Mera Bank Wahan New to investing in shares? Bengal Global Business Summit. click here Your Loan Eligibility Holds the Key to Your Dream Home Rise and fall of Bitcoin, does history repeat itself? New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Why are More People Applying for Personal Loans? If RCS is successful, passenger growth will be impressive: Dinesh Keskar India and China are good growth stories, but China is way ahead, said Dinesh Keskar India and China are good growth stories, but China is way ahead, said Dinesh Keskar Boeing expects India’s aeroplane market to grow significantly, as the market expands. Last month, it won a $22-billion order for 100 Boeing 737s from low-cost carrier Spicejet, narrowing its gap with rival Airbus. Passenger growth at 23 per cent is unprecedented when global growth is only five per cent, Dinesh Keskar, senior vice-president, Asia Pacific and India sales for Boeing Commercial Airplanes, tells Alnoor Peermohamed and Raghu Krishnan. Edited excerpts: What is your expectation of the Indian aviation market? We continue to see a plan by the government to ... Alnoor Peermohamed & Raghu Krishnan Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 If RCS is successful, passenger growth will be impressive: Dinesh Keskar India and China are good growth stories, but China is way ahead, said Dinesh Keskar Boeing expects India’s aeroplane market to grow significantly, as the market expands. Last month, it won a $22-billion order for 100 Boeing 737s from low-cost carrier Spicejet, narrowing its gap with rival Airbus. Passenger growth at 23 per cent is unprecedented when global growth is only five per cent, Dinesh Keskar, senior vice-president, Asia Pacific and India sales for Boeing Commercial Airplanes, tells Alnoor Peermohamed and Raghu Krishnan. Edited excerpts: What is your expectation of the Indian aviation market? We continue to see a plan by the government to ... Alnoor Peermohamed & Raghu Krishnan Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Connect With Us Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Store Subscribe RSS Newsletter Advertise Contact Us 100-Year Archive Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Aviation Week Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Technology Aircraft Design Advances in Manufacturing Vertical Flight New Civil Aircraft Leading Edge Commercial Aviation New Civil Aircraft From the Flight Deck Airline Fleets and Networks Airline Intel Aircraft Interiors Space Commercial Space Space Exploration In Orbit Defense Combat Aircraft Electronic Warfare Air Combat Safety Intelligence, Surveillance & Reconnaissance Vertical Flight Washington Outlook Business Aviation Vertical Flight Inside Business Aviation MRO Connected Aerospace Products & Services Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Advertisement Home > Commercial Aviation > In Pictures: First Boeing 737-9 Noses Toward Rollout EMAIL Tweet In Pictures: First Boeing 737-9 Noses Toward Rollout Feb 15, 2017 Guy Norris | Aviation Week & Space Technology Comments 18 Advertisement Advertisement Share Image EMAIL fullscreen The first 737-9, line no. 6250, is positioned at the end of the dedicated MAX central assembly line in Renton, Washington, where it is undergoing completion prior to moving to the paint hangar. Photo: Guy Norris/AW&ST More Share Image EMAIL fullscreen At 138 ft. 2 in. in overall length, the 737-9 is just under 10 ft. longer than the 737-8 but retains the same basic wingspan. The winglet measures 9 ft. 6 in. in overall height. Photo: Guy Norris/AW&ST More Share Image EMAIL fullscreen The starboard wing for the second 737-9, complete with winglets painted in the colors of launch operator Lion Air, is pictured prior to mating with the fuselage. Lion Air became launch customer for 737-9 with an order for 201 in February 2012. Note the extended spoilers, which are controlled by fly-by-wire on the MAX. Photo: Guy Norris/AW&ST More Share Image EMAIL fullscreen Boeing’s push to automate wing manufacturing at Renton is moving to the next phase with the introduction of the spar assembly line (SAL).  Two SAL cells, each containing four robotic drilling machines, are replacing less efficient automatic spar assembly machines introduced in the mid-1990s with the development of the 737NG. The SAL reduces machine footprint by 80% while increasing throughput by 33%—two key aspects of the drive to accelerate production to 47, 52 and 57 aircraft per month in 2017, 2018 and 2019, respectively. The first production spars were processed through the SAL in the third quarter of 2016 and will be up and fully running by the end of 2017. The SAL follows the introduction of the panel assembly line (PAL), an automated system developed by  automated manufacturing specialist Electroimpact based in Mukilteo, Washington. The introduction of the PAL process builds on the shift to the horizontal build line for the 737 wing, which came in 2012 as part of the longer term rate increase from 35 aircraft per month to 42 per month. The horizontal buildup system, which replaced the traditional system of drilling and fastening in static vertical jigs, also introduced automated machines made by Electroimpact and sped up the wing build lower skin assembly process by 35%. Photo: Guy Norris/AW&ST More Share Image EMAIL fullscreen The difference between the low-drag tail cone of the 737-9 and the standard aft section of the current production 737 is pictured in this view of the first stretched MAX with a new -900ER for Alaska Airlines on the adjacent assembly line in the background. Photo: Guy Norris/AW&ST More Share Image EMAIL fullscreen To ensure adequate ground clearance and minimize interference drag, the CFM Leap1B is cantilevered ahead of and slightly above the wing. Photo: Guy Norris/AW&ST More Share Image EMAIL fullscreen Inspired by the pioneering use of a similar feature on the 787 for drag reduction, the laminar flow lipskin for the MAX’s CFM Leap 1B engine nacelle is made from a one-piece, spun-formed sheet of aluminum supplied by GKN Aerospace.  Photo: Guy Norris/AW&ST More Related Galleries / Refresh Gallery In Pictures: Boeing 737 MAX First Flight 14 Boeing Rolls Out 737 MAX 26 End Of An Era: Lufthansa Retires Its Last Boeing 737 6   In Pictures: First Flight of the Airbus A350-1000 12   Boeing is close to unveiling the 737-9, the second member of its new CFM Leap-1B-powered MAX family. The first aircraft is set for rollout at the end of the month and will likely make its first flight in April. The test and certification program will involve just two aircraft and is expected to last nine months compared to almost 13 months for the 737-8. Print Favorite EMAIL Tweet Related Media Podcast: Trump, Trade and the Internet of Things Podcast: New Turboprops vs. Used Regional Jets Podcast: Flying The C Series. Our Pilots Report Podcast: Has Etihad Hit A Wall? When Will These Civil Aircraft Concepts Fly? Watch: Can Augmented Reality Help Helicopter Pilots Stay Saf… Podcast: Inside Aerospace’s Biggest Science and Technology… Technologies For Factory Of The Future Global Airline Data Snapshot: Overcapacity Looms Will Biofuels Finally Take Off In 2017? Discuss this Gallery 18 Colm on Feb 15, 2017 the plane that virtually nobody wants....... will be a short lived existence. Log In or Register to post comments NT1G on Feb 15, 2017 I like 'virtual nobodies'. Log In or Register to post comments Pilchard on Feb 16, 2017 After so much blood sweat an tears with the 787 it's beyond me why management wouldn't immediately follow up by giving their teams the green light for a fresh design replacement of the 737. All that knowledge was squandered. All they had to do was say " OK now that you've done the 787, let's build a smaller and cheaper version". Perhaps they know that their bureaucratic structure could never function in an efficient scalar fashion. One can only imagine how their eyes would glaze over at the thought of the unnecessarily high development costs. Instead they continue to milk an old design and are another decade behind the eight ball. Weak executive management. Log In or Register to post comments Advertisement nexusfire on Feb 15, 2017 Will be interesting to see how many customers upgague to the -10... Log In or Register to post comments gerry.mcgill@un... on Feb 15, 2017 The plane will do well with current Boeing customers Log In or Register to post comments Big Phil on Feb 15, 2017 Will they be the first airline to fly one? also the first to wreck one? Log In or Register to post comments pete patel on Feb 15, 2017 The whole 737 family has been over done for so many years. Need a new design. Take your time, but make a good one. Log In or Register to post comments Draper on Feb 15, 2017 "The whole 737 family has been over done for so many years. Need a new design. Take your time, but make a good one." SouthWest called, they said no! Log In or Register to post comments remuda@frazmtn.com on Feb 15, 2017 How 'bout Navy C-40's...? UPS & FedEx? Log In or Register to post comments tegelad on Feb 15, 2017 While the airframe and idea is fantastic ... the implementation in coach is just down right too painful. If they had a 3-2 seating like the Mad dogs or the new CS series with wider seats that would be awesome ... but they don't .... My running joke is the larger the number on the 737 the more pain one feels in ones butt, back, and thighs/hips. If the FAA mandated seat width (minimum's) based on current human size, this plane would no longer be in fashion since it wouldn't be able to maintain the density it needs ... Log In or Register to post comments Steve H on Feb 15, 2017 Is this airplane narrower than the older models? The 737 is nearly 50 years old. It should be wider. I'm a lot wider than I was 50 years ago. Log In or Register to post comments jaebsf on Feb 15, 2017 One has to wonder how far Boeing thinks they can tweak the 737? They would have been far better off to have not destroyed the 757 tooling so they could have brought forth an advanced technology variant of it. Instead they are trying to morph the 737 into something 757 like. Shame there would be huge demand for a 757Max Log In or Register to post comments Zale Schuster on Feb 16, 2017 757 was smaller plane Log In or Register to post comments BernardP on Feb 15, 2017 The new nose and cockpit windows are truly a spectacular breakthrough. They were worth the wait. Boeing should be proud of its design team. Log In or Register to post comments gfolta3@hotmail.com on Feb 15, 2017 Just like everybody else pointed out, if that sardine can can slip through the air with minimal fuel burn, the airlines don't care how old it is...they'll keep buying. Log In or Register to post comments airpartner on Feb 15, 2017 The 737 needs to end. Build a new modern plane with a wider fuselage for real humans in 2017. This is a 60 year old design. Log In or Register to post comments Zale Schuster on Feb 16, 2017 They already did its called a 787 Log In or Register to post comments invbkng on Feb 15, 2017 That would be an A320 Log In or Register to post comments Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Commercial Aviation: Market Briefing A subscription to Aviation Daily is required to access these stories.   Dutch, U.S. Flying Cars Ready For Market  Boeing 787 Workers Resoundingly Reject Union  Las Vegas Targets Asia For Future Routes Lufthansa And Union Accept Mediation, But Conflict Looms  Airbus A350 Delays Increase Finnair Expenses  Southwest Works To Increase Foreign Points Of Sale  Vietjet Doubles Profit Before Market Listing  Aeromar Plans 40% Capacity Growth    Subscribe Log In Advertisement Special Topics Click to view more Aviation, Aerospace and Defense special topics.   Apr 1, 2015 Sponsored Optimizing Engines Through the Lifecycle Sponsored by: GE Aviation...More Apr 1, 2015 Sponsored Aviation Maintenance and Support Software Sponsored by:IFS...More Special Topics Home Advertisement AviationWeek.com Commercial Aviation Business Aviation Defense MRO Space 100-Year Archive Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Site Features Subscribe Newsletters RSS Sitemap Mobile site Aviation Week Network About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Search AviationWeek.com Search: PISCES Penton Corporate Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
International Business Times UK UK LATEST NEWS Crime Property Culture Royalty World Latest News USA Europe Asia Africa Middle East The Americas Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Politics LATEST NEWS Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket F1 UFC Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music WWE Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Analysis Reviews Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Search World Narendra Modi's Make In India campaign attracting foreign firms at Aero India Top defence firms eyeing to exploit the growing Indian market with lucrative arms deals. By Vasudevan Sridharan February 15, 2017 13:35 GMT A Dassault Rafale fighter aircraft flies during the inauguration of Aero India show at the Yelahanka Air Force Station in BengaluruAbhishek Chinnappa/Reuters Despite a low-key inauguration and the conspicuous absence of the usual fervour at the air show-cum-aviation exhibition, Aero India, leading defence firms from across the world appear keen to exploit the "Make In India" opportunity set in motion by Prime Minister Narendra Modi. With deals worth billions of dollar up for grabs, top military contractors are currently camped in the southern Indian city of Bengaluru, to participate in the five-day biennial extravaganza. The air show is a platform set up by the Indian government in 1996 to boost the aerospace and defence sectors and capitalise on the growing Indian market. The 11th edition of the show was inaugurated on Tuesday (14 February) by the country's Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar in the presence of chiefs of the armed forces. However, the absence of Modi and the host state's Chief Minister Siddaramaiah did not go unnoticed at the high-profile event, which is being touted as Asia's premier air show. Some of the big names participating include US manufacturers Lockheed Martin, Boeing; Britain's Rolls-Royce, BAE Systems; France's Dassault Aviation and Swedish defence major Saab. Moreover, comments made by foreign delegates include words such as "co-manufacture" and "co-develop" that show their eagerness to partner with Indian companies at the sprawling Yelahanka Air Base. Banners of the overseas firms also did not shy away from embracing Modi's Make In India initiative. In the hopes of hard-selling their military equipment to India, traditionally a country with a heavy dependency on arms import, more than 500 firms from Russia, Europe, Israel, the UK, and the US are exhibiting their products. The toughest challenge for them would be to overcome bureaucratic hurdles and adhere to strict government regulations as they look to setting up manufacturing bases in the country, in partnership with Indian firms. When asked about the rapidly changing political environment in the Western world especially the US, the defence minister said, "What I will say is what I want... I want you to Make in India. If someone wants to shift production to some other place, it is his choice. I am not concerned." Speaking at a press conference, Parrikar revealed that India needs about 1,000 civilian aircraft, 300-400 fighter jets, and 800-1,000 helicopters over the next 10 to 15 years making the country one of the most lucrative markets for defence deals in the world. Additionally, the country also requires routine replacement and maintenance of antiquated equipment. Only in early February, India earmarked Rs2.74tn (£33bn) for its annual defence budget – a marginal rise from the previous year. More from IBTimes UK India creates history by launching 104 satellites in a single mission US urged to prod China to convince Pakistan on tackling cross-border terrorism With 1.1 million deaths, India's air pollution levels will soon surpass those of China Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Stoke-on-Trent by-election: What you need to know Columnists Matthew Carr “400 years ago Spain forcibly converted Muslims to Christianity – then expelled them. Have we learned nothing? READ MORE Woman arrested over Kim Jong-un's posion assassination of half-brother Intelligence officials believe Kim Jong-nam was assassinated by North Korean agents. Winston Churchill believed in aliens British prime minister wrote about the potential for life on other planets in 1939. Curse of the Monkey God? Team that found lost city contract 'white leprosy' 'Lost City of the Monkey God' was discovered in the Honduras jungle with lidar technology in 2015. Tara Palmer-Tomkinson died from perforated ulcer, sister reveals Socialite's sister Santa Montefiore says 45-year-old did not have brain tumour at time of her death. Transylvania: Mystery body unearthed buried face down holding five huge coins The high-status man was buried more than 100 years ago in an unusually careless way. Dying sex abuse victim helps convict vicar by blinking - but dies day of verdict Cyril Rowe, 78, indecently assaulted the former chorister when he was aged between nine and 11, a court heard. World's largest seaplane built by China to make maiden flight China first unveiled the aircraft, AG600, in July last year. South Carolina woman found chained like a dog describes 'polite' alleged rapist Todd Kohlhepp imprisoned Kala Brown and has confessed to 7 murders in 10 years. Jean-Marie Le Pen charged with inciting hatred over anti-Semitic remarks The far-right politician used an anti-Semitic pun when responding to criticism by a Jewish actor. Deepest ocean trenches full of toxins outlawed in 1970s Polluting chemicals used as flame retardants are concentrating in the most remote parts of the ocean. Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
