Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Can Airbus Surpass Boeing Co.'s Aircraft Production? A top Airbus executive thinks that his company will overtake Boeing in terms of annual aircraft deliveries by 2020, but this goal may be a stretch. Adam Levine-Weinberg (TMFGemHunter) Oct 24, 2016 at 4:10PM For the past several years, Boeing (NYSE:BA) has reliably outpaced top rival Airbus (NASDAQOTH:EADSY) in terms of annual aircraft production. However, Airbus has accumulated a larger order backlog than its American rival. At the end of September, it had 6,749 unfilled orders for commercial airplanes, compared to 5,612 unfilled orders at Boeing. Popular models like the A320neo have driven huge growth in Airbus' order backlog. Image source: Airbus. Last week, Airbus commercial aircraft chief Fabrice Bregier boldly proclaimed that Airbus will overtake Boeing in terms of annual deliveries by 2020. Let's take a look at the two companies' order books and production plans to evaluate the likelihood of that occurring. A close race in the narrow-body segment In terms of raw numbers, the A320 and 737 narrow-body aircraft families dominate production at Airbus and Boeing, representing more than 70% of their combined output. Last year, Airbus delivered 491 A320-family aircraft, while Boeing maintained a slight edge with 495 deliveries of its stalwart 737 family. Last year, both companies were officially producing narrow-body units at a rate of 42 per month. They are ramping up production over the next several years. By 2020, Airbus plans to build 60 A320neos per month, while Boeing intends to increase 737 MAX production to 57 per month. On its face, that means Airbus would be building 720 A320neos a year, compared to 684 737 MAXs for Boeing. However, the actual gap would be smaller, in all likelihood. On the one hand, Boeing's actual production typically lags its official capacity by a modest amount. Realistically, its annual output at a 57-per-month official rate would be 675 to 680 units. On the other hand, Airbus operates on an 11.5-month production calendar, so a 60-per-month production rate would translate to about 690 deliveries per year. Boeing is boosting the 737 production rate to keep pace with Airbus. Image source: Boeing. It's possible that Airbus could try to push production rates even higher to take advantage of its larger backlog. However, with annual order volumes trending down -- through the end of September, Airbus had only captured 317 net orders for the A320 family in 2016 -- the company is likely to be cautious about further rate increases. Boeing looks to maintain strong wide-body production The wide-body market has been Boeing's last bastion of dominance. In 2015, Boeing delivered 267 wide-body units, nearly double Airbus' total of 144 wide-body deliveries. However, Airbus' wide-body output is on the rise as A350 production ramps up. Meanwhile, Boeing will struggle to keep its wide-body delivery count at the historic highs reached in 2015 and 2016. Production of the 787 Dreamliner has stabilized at 12 per month. With a backlog of roughly 700 unfilled orders, Boeing should be able to churn out 144 787s annually for the foreseeable future. An earlier plan to increase production to 14 per month will probably remain dormant, though, barring an uptick in demand. Production of the 787 has stabilized at the highest rate ever for a wide-body aircraft. Image source: Boeing. Meanwhile, Boeing is ramping up production of the venerable 767 to a rate of 2.5 per month. Half of that production capacity is needed for Boeing's contract to build 179 aerial refueling tankers for the U.S. Air Force. Most of the rest will be used to deliver a steady stream of freighters to FedEx. On the other hand, Boeing is slashing 747 production by more than half, to just 0.5 per month. It also plans to reduce the delivery rate for the 777 family to 5.5 per month by 2018, compared to 8.3 per month recently. Many analysts now believe that Boeing will need to cut 777 production even further. Based on this outlook, Boeing will be delivering fewer than 250 wide-body units annually by 2018. Output could recover somewhat by 2020 as the new 777X enters service, but it will remain below last year's total of 267 unless Boeing has enough demand to raise 787 production to 14 per month. Can Airbus catch up on the wide-body side? Last year, Airbus delivered just 14 A350s. However, it hopes to deliver as many as 50 this year, while ramping up to a production rate of 10 per month by the end of 2018. That means it will be building up to 114 per year in 2020. Airbus has expressed interest in pushing A350 production as high as 13 per month. Its backlog of 769 unfilled orders at the end of September could potentially support higher production. That said, order activity has been slow lately. (The A350 has just 33 net orders year to date.) If order activity remains weak, a production increase to 13 per month wouldn't be sustainable for very long. On the flip side, demand for the Airbus A380 is plummeting. Airbus plans to deliver just 12 a year starting in 2018. The A330 family is the big wild card. Production rates have been very unstable lately, reaching a high of 10 per month in 2013, but then falling to nine per month in 2015 and six per month in 2016, only to increase again in 2017 to seven a month. In theory, the arrival of the A330neo in late 2017 should allow Airbus to ramp up production again. However, demand for the A330neo has been lackluster. Airbus has obtained just 186 firm orders, some of which are scheduled for delivery at least as late as 2024. It also has 150 unfilled orders for the current-generation A330. That may be enough for Airbus to maintain the new seven-per-month rate, but it can't raise production without a big influx of orders. A330neo demand has been disappointing thus far. Image source: Airbus. Thus, barring a rebound in demand for wide-body aircraft, Airbus is likely to be delivering a little more than 200 widebodies annually in 2020. That would be up by more than 40% from 2015. Can Airbus deliver? Airbus is poised to dramatically narrow the gap between its output and that of Boeing. On the narrow-body side, it is on track to outpace Boeing's annual production by 10 to 15 units by 2020. However, Boeing is likely to maintain its wide-body lead for the foreseeable future. Based on currently announced production plans, Boeing would deliver at least 40 more wide-body units than Airbus on an annual basis in the 2019 to 2020 period. Even if 777 deliveries briefly dip as low as four per month, it would still maintain a sizable lead over Airbus. The most plausible way for Airbus to overtake Boeing by 2020 would be to ramp up A320neo production beyond 60 per month. That's probably not a good use of capital, though. Delivering the most airplanes is a point of pride, but the real goal is to deliver a good return for shareholders. In that respect, Airbus and Boeing both have bright prospects. Adam Levine-Weinberg owns shares of Boeing. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends FedEx. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Adam Levine-Weinberg (TMFGemHunter) Adam Levine-Weinberg is a senior Industrials/Consumer Goods specialist with The Motley Fool. He is an avid stock-market watcher and a value investor at heart. He primarily covers airline, auto, retail, and tech stocks. Follow him on Twitter for the latest news and commentary on the airline industry! Follow @AdamLLW Article Info Oct 24, 2016 at 4:10PM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $148.11 down $-1.88 (-1.25%) Airbus NASDAQOTH:EADSY $15.18 up $0.10 (0.66%) Read More Europe Green-Lights a Space Monopoly to Combat ULA and SpaceX Navy Greenlights 2 War Drone Prototypes for Its Aircraft Carrier Fleet 5 Things Boeing Co. Management Wants You to Know When Will Boeing Raise the 787 Dreamliner Accounting Block? (And Why It Matters) 3 Things The Boeing Company Needs to Do to Reach Its 2016 Order Target Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Can Airbus Surpass Boeing Co.'s Aircraft Production? A top Airbus executive thinks that his company will overtake Boeing in terms of annual aircraft deliveries by 2020, but this goal may be a stretch. Adam Levine-Weinberg (TMFGemHunter) Oct 24, 2016 at 4:10PM For the past several years, Boeing (NYSE:BA) has reliably outpaced top rival Airbus (NASDAQOTH:EADSY) in terms of annual aircraft production. However, Airbus has accumulated a larger order backlog than its American rival. At the end of September, it had 6,749 unfilled orders for commercial airplanes, compared to 5,612 unfilled orders at Boeing. Popular models like the A320neo have driven huge growth in Airbus' order backlog. Image source: Airbus. Last week, Airbus commercial aircraft chief Fabrice Bregier boldly proclaimed that Airbus will overtake Boeing in terms of annual deliveries by 2020. Let's take a look at the two companies' order books and production plans to evaluate the likelihood of that occurring. A close race in the narrow-body segment In terms of raw numbers, the A320 and 737 narrow-body aircraft families dominate production at Airbus and Boeing, representing more than 70% of their combined output. Last year, Airbus delivered 491 A320-family aircraft, while Boeing maintained a slight edge with 495 deliveries of its stalwart 737 family. Last year, both companies were officially producing narrow-body units at a rate of 42 per month. They are ramping up production over the next several years. By 2020, Airbus plans to build 60 A320neos per month, while Boeing intends to increase 737 MAX production to 57 per month. On its face, that means Airbus would be building 720 A320neos a year, compared to 684 737 MAXs for Boeing. However, the actual gap would be smaller, in all likelihood. On the one hand, Boeing's actual production typically lags its official capacity by a modest amount. Realistically, its annual output at a 57-per-month official rate would be 675 to 680 units. On the other hand, Airbus operates on an 11.5-month production calendar, so a 60-per-month production rate would translate to about 690 deliveries per year. Boeing is boosting the 737 production rate to keep pace with Airbus. Image source: Boeing. It's possible that Airbus could try to push production rates even higher to take advantage of its larger backlog. However, with annual order volumes trending down -- through the end of September, Airbus had only captured 317 net orders for the A320 family in 2016 -- the company is likely to be cautious about further rate increases. Boeing looks to maintain strong wide-body production The wide-body market has been Boeing's last bastion of dominance. In 2015, Boeing delivered 267 wide-body units, nearly double Airbus' total of 144 wide-body deliveries. However, Airbus' wide-body output is on the rise as A350 production ramps up. Meanwhile, Boeing will struggle to keep its wide-body delivery count at the historic highs reached in 2015 and 2016. Production of the 787 Dreamliner has stabilized at 12 per month. With a backlog of roughly 700 unfilled orders, Boeing should be able to churn out 144 787s annually for the foreseeable future. An earlier plan to increase production to 14 per month will probably remain dormant, though, barring an uptick in demand. Production of the 787 has stabilized at the highest rate ever for a wide-body aircraft. Image source: Boeing. Meanwhile, Boeing is ramping up production of the venerable 767 to a rate of 2.5 per month. Half of that production capacity is needed for Boeing's contract to build 179 aerial refueling tankers for the U.S. Air Force. Most of the rest will be used to deliver a steady stream of freighters to FedEx. On the other hand, Boeing is slashing 747 production by more than half, to just 0.5 per month. It also plans to reduce the delivery rate for the 777 family to 5.5 per month by 2018, compared to 8.3 per month recently. Many analysts now believe that Boeing will need to cut 777 production even further. Based on this outlook, Boeing will be delivering fewer than 250 wide-body units annually by 2018. Output could recover somewhat by 2020 as the new 777X enters service, but it will remain below last year's total of 267 unless Boeing has enough demand to raise 787 production to 14 per month. Can Airbus catch up on the wide-body side? Last year, Airbus delivered just 14 A350s. However, it hopes to deliver as many as 50 this year, while ramping up to a production rate of 10 per month by the end of 2018. That means it will be building up to 114 per year in 2020. Airbus has expressed interest in pushing A350 production as high as 13 per month. Its backlog of 769 unfilled orders at the end of September could potentially support higher production. That said, order activity has been slow lately. (The A350 has just 33 net orders year to date.) If order activity remains weak, a production increase to 13 per month wouldn't be sustainable for very long. On the flip side, demand for the Airbus A380 is plummeting. Airbus plans to deliver just 12 a year starting in 2018. The A330 family is the big wild card. Production rates have been very unstable lately, reaching a high of 10 per month in 2013, but then falling to nine per month in 2015 and six per month in 2016, only to increase again in 2017 to seven a month. In theory, the arrival of the A330neo in late 2017 should allow Airbus to ramp up production again. However, demand for the A330neo has been lackluster. Airbus has obtained just 186 firm orders, some of which are scheduled for delivery at least as late as 2024. It also has 150 unfilled orders for the current-generation A330. That may be enough for Airbus to maintain the new seven-per-month rate, but it can't raise production without a big influx of orders. A330neo demand has been disappointing thus far. Image source: Airbus. Thus, barring a rebound in demand for wide-body aircraft, Airbus is likely to be delivering a little more than 200 widebodies annually in 2020. That would be up by more than 40% from 2015. Can Airbus deliver? Airbus is poised to dramatically narrow the gap between its output and that of Boeing. On the narrow-body side, it is on track to outpace Boeing's annual production by 10 to 15 units by 2020. However, Boeing is likely to maintain its wide-body lead for the foreseeable future. Based on currently announced production plans, Boeing would deliver at least 40 more wide-body units than Airbus on an annual basis in the 2019 to 2020 period. Even if 777 deliveries briefly dip as low as four per month, it would still maintain a sizable lead over Airbus. The most plausible way for Airbus to overtake Boeing by 2020 would be to ramp up A320neo production beyond 60 per month. That's probably not a good use of capital, though. Delivering the most airplanes is a point of pride, but the real goal is to deliver a good return for shareholders. In that respect, Airbus and Boeing both have bright prospects. Adam Levine-Weinberg owns shares of Boeing. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends FedEx. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Adam Levine-Weinberg (TMFGemHunter) Adam Levine-Weinberg is a senior Industrials/Consumer Goods specialist with The Motley Fool. He is an avid stock-market watcher and a value investor at heart. He primarily covers airline, auto, retail, and tech stocks. Follow him on Twitter for the latest news and commentary on the airline industry! Follow @AdamLLW Article Info Oct 24, 2016 at 4:10PM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $148.11 down $-1.88 (-1.25%) Airbus NASDAQOTH:EADSY $15.18 up $0.10 (0.66%) Read More Europe Green-Lights a Space Monopoly to Combat ULA and SpaceX Navy Greenlights 2 War Drone Prototypes for Its Aircraft Carrier Fleet 5 Things Boeing Co. Management Wants You to Know When Will Boeing Raise the 787 Dreamliner Accounting Block? (And Why It Matters) 3 Things The Boeing Company Needs to Do to Reach Its 2016 Order Target Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x

Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Wednesday 16 Nov 2016 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment LIFT by EnCore secures Boeing 737 orders By Gulli Arnason in Air and Travel · October 24, 2016 LIFT by EnCore has secured orders for Boeing 737s from its first two customers for their tourist class seating, the company said. The initial orders from undisclosed 737 customers follows the announcement that LIFT has an industry-first collaboration with Boeing to provide seats that are spatially, structurally and aesthetically designed to complement the 737 Boeing sky interior. LIFT by EnCore is a commercial aircraft seating manufacturer. The EnCore group of companies serves the commercial aerospace and defense sectors with a range of products including seats, floor-to-floor interiors, galleys, monuments and composite aircraft structures. Related posts Incredijet expands jet sale offerings through Airplane Listings partnership November 15, 2016 Incredijet has partnered with Airplane Listing.com to offer a wide selection of aircraft for sale... Stellwagen acquired by Acasta Enterprises for USD270m November 15, 2016 Stellwagen Group and Acasta Enterprises Inc. have entered into definitive agreements by which Acasta would... Corporate Traveler, Freebird partner to bring flight rebooking service to clients November 15, 2016 Corporate Traveler has partnered with Freebird to offer a mobile rebooking tool that allows clients... Aurora develops autonomous flight system on unmanned UH-1H November 15, 2016 Aurora Flight Sciences has leveraged the autonomous aerial cargo utility system (AACUS) program to integrate... Alaska Airlines offers new premium class seating November 15, 2016 Alaska Airlines has offered a premium class section on select routes beginning in early January... « Makeblock launches crowdfunding campaign for modular drone PASSUR adds 3 execs to management team » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 October 2016 M T W T F S S « Sep   Nov »   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2016 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.

Skip to content Menu Local News Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Boeing & Aerospace Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Boeing & Aerospace Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Boeing & Aerospace Login Subscribe Boeing & Aerospace Business Boeing to close Georgia defense plant slated to get some 747 work Originally published October 17, 2016 at 6:20 pm Updated October 17, 2016 at 6:47 pm Hit by slumping sales of the 747, Boeing has dropped a plan to save its defense plant in Macon, Ga., by making fuselage panels for the jumbo jet there. Instead, the Macon plant will close in December when its defense work runs out. Share story By Dominic Gates Seattle Times aerospace reporter Hit by slumping sales of the 747, Boeing has dropped a plan to save its defense plant in Macon, Ga., by making fuselage panels for the jumbo jet there. Boeing said Monday the Macon plant will close in December. The company’s 747 production is now at one jet every two months, About 120 people work at the plant, which opened in 1988 and has made parts for C-17 military transport planes and Chinook helicopters. Boeing praised the “unmatched professionalism” of the workforce at the plant and said it will try to assist employees finding jobs at other Boeing sites. Most Read Stories ‘Deadliest Catch’ cast member Jake Harris hospitalized; police investigating attack What the national media are saying about Seahawks' 'magnificent' win over Patriots Patriots' Rob Gronkowski has punctured lung according to one report 5,000 Seattle-area students walk out of class to protest election of Trump  WATCH Should California, Oregon and Washington join Canada? #Calexit talk envelops West CoastUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. Just a year ago, Triumph Group, which currently builds the 747 fuselage panels in Hawthorne, Calif., decided to exit the program as slowing of production to one jet per month made the venture unprofitable. Boeing decided to take the work in-house and, starting in 2018, have the Macon workers make the panels as their military work came to an end. But demand for the 747 has slumped further, forcing Boeing to cut production again from last month and to kill the plan to invest in Macon. Boeing’s Commercial Airplanes unit “has determined that it does not have a business case at this time for taking on the Macon site,” the company said in a statement. “Following the completion of defense work in December, site operations will conclude with no planned restart.” Boeing cited “the continuing soft cargo market and the accompanying reduced demand for very large cargo freighters” as the reason for abandoning its plan. In a message to Everett employees working on the jumbo jet, Bruce Dickinson, 747 program vice president, acknowledged the move looks ominous for the 747’s future, but tried to offer reassurance. He wrote that Triumph will continue to supply the fuselage panels into 2019, giving Boeing more time to work out where it will place the work afterward. “Many may ask if this is a sign the 747 program is ending in the near-term. No, it is not,” Dickinson told employees. “We simply do not have to make a work placement decision at this time. “In addition, there are numerous active sales campaigns with key customers, and our Sales team is working aggressively to complete those sales,” Dickinson said. Because some orders listed in the 747 backlog are doubtful, without further sales, Boeing can plausibly count on delivering just 26 more of the airplanes. Depending on the scheduled delivery dates, that could stretch out the program to the end of the decade. Dominic Gates: 206-464-2963 or dgates@seattletimes.com Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2016 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Back to the story
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: How America's Most Profitable Airline Will Keep Flying in 2017 Oil prices are rising, but Alaska Air will benefit from several tailwinds over the next few years -- including its pending merger with Virgin America. Adam Levine-Weinberg (TMFGemHunter) Oct 24, 2016 at 8:25AM In the past few years, Alaska Air (NYSE:ALK) has become the most profitable airline in the U.S. It's keeping up the momentum in 2016 despite a massive surge in competition in its markets. Over the past 12 months, Alaska Air has generated a stellar 24.8% pre-tax margin. Looking ahead, Alaska Air plans to dramatically expand its presence in California by buying smaller rival Virgin America (NASDAQ:VA). It hopes to close that acquisition by the end of 2016, but must first resolve an ongoing antitrust review by federal regulators as well as a separate antitrust lawsuit brought by private citizens. Alaska Air hopes to finalize its merger with Virgin America soon. Image source: Alaska Airlines. Whether or not Alaska manages to close the Virgin America merger in the next few months, the company is on track to continue posting strong results in 2017 and beyond. Let's take a look at how it will do so. Continuous fuel-efficiency gains After two years of benefiting from sharp fuel price declines, airlines (including Alaska Airlines) are starting to face year-over-year fuel price increases. However, offsetting this, Alaska has been improving its fuel efficiency by about 2% annually by replacing its oldest planes with modern Boeing (NYSE:BA) 737s. In total, Alaska improved its fuel efficiency by 25% between 2004 and 2015. In 2017, Alaska will complete the process of replacing all of its previous-generation 737-400s with new Boeing 737-900ERs. (Alaska Air CFO Brandon Pedersen quipped last week that the 737-900ER is like a Prius with wings; it uses less fuel than a 737-400 despite having 25% more seats!) The other benefit of retiring the last 16 737-400s is that it will simplify Alaska's maintenance operations. That will offer an additional cost reduction opportunity. Alaska Airlines' fuel-efficiency gains will slow down after 2017, but they won't stop. Beginning in early 2018, Alaska will add Boeing's 737 MAX 8 and 737 MAX 9 to its fleet. According to Boeing, those models will offer double-digit fuel efficiency improvements relative to the 737-800 and 737-900ER. Alaska Airlines will add the new Boeing 737 MAX 8 to its fleet in early 2018. Image source: Boeing. Growing ancillary revenue Boosting non-ticket revenue has been a key focus for most airlines, and Alaska is no exception. Earlier this year, it revised its co-branded credit card agreement in order to provide more benefits for cardholders and bring in more revenue. The company expects credit card-related revenue to continue growing in the years ahead. Additionally, Alaska Airlines has started to retrofit its fleet with a new section of extra-legroom seats, dubbed "Premium Class." Tickets for the new seats will go on sale next month for flights starting in early January. Alaska plans to finish the retrofit program by the end of 2017. Alaska Air executives have forecast that this initiative will add $50 million of incremental operating profit in 2017. By 2018, the annualized impact will be more than $85 million. Competitors are finally easing up For the past several years, competitors have been growing rapidly in Alaska Airlines' markets. Indeed, since early 2015, Alaska has consistently reported double-digit increases in competitive capacity. Not surprisingly, this growing competition has driven fares lower. Alaska's ability to maintain its stellar profitability during this period has been remarkable. In 2017, Alaska Airlines may finally get a respite from this competitive capacity growth. Based on currently published schedules, Alaska is set to face a 9% uptick in competitive capacity in Q1 2017 but a modest 1% increase by Q2. (For comparison, competitive capacity surged 13% year over year last quarter.) If competitive capacity growth really does sink to low single-digit levels by Q2 2017, it will set the stage for a return to solid unit revenue growth at Alaska Airlines. Virgin America would provide even more upside The combination of steadily improving fuel efficiency, rising ancillary revenue, and a tamer competitive environment should help Alaska Air offset much of the headwind from rising oil prices in 2017 and beyond. Completing the Virgin America merger would be the icing on the cake. When the merger was first announced, Alaska estimated that the Virgin America acquisition would add $100 million in pre-tax income immediately. By 2020, when all the merger synergies would be realized, the Virgin America acquisition should add $325 million to Alaska's pre-tax income. Thus, it's obvious why Alaska Air is eager to address any antitrust issues and complete the merger. However, the nice thing for investors is that the company has plenty of room for long-term profit growth even without the benefits of the merger. Adam Levine-Weinberg owns shares of Alaska Air Group and Boeing. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Adam Levine-Weinberg (TMFGemHunter) Adam Levine-Weinberg is a senior Industrials/Consumer Goods specialist with The Motley Fool. He is an avid stock-market watcher and a value investor at heart. He primarily covers airline, auto, retail, and tech stocks. Follow him on Twitter for the latest news and commentary on the airline industry! Follow @AdamLLW Article Info Oct 24, 2016 at 8:25AM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $148.11 down $-1.88 (-1.25%) Alaska Air Group NYSE:ALK $78.24 up $0.41 (0.53%) Virgin America NASDAQ:VA $55.80 down $0.20 (-0.36%) Read More Alaska Air Group, Inc. Pulls Another Revenue Lever Virgin America Profit Soars as It Waits to Merge With Alaska Air Why Alaska Air Group, Inc. Stock Fell 12% in June Why Alaska Air Group Bought Virgin America Inc. Why Shares of These 3 Midsize Airlines Soared in July Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Cobham Slumps After Third Profit Warning in Less Than a Year Benjamin D Katz _benkatz October 24, 2016 — 2:54 AM EDT Updated on October 24, 2016 — 7:31 AM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Maritime-satellite demand ‘subdued,’ wireless arm needs funds Outgoing CEO says challenge operational, no long-term issues Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Cobham Plc shares tumbled 19 percent Monday after the U.K. aerospace and electronics supplier cut its full-year earnings forecast, extending a run of profit warnings that prompted the appointment of a new chief executive officer in August. Demand for Cobham’s maritime satellite and communications products is “subdued,” the wireless-connectivity arm has operational issues and needs funds, and extra costs have been incurred from technical glitches on space-related programs, the Wimborne, England-based company said in a statement. Receipts from the supply of refueling gear -- the market for which Cobham is best known -- to Boeing Co.’s KC-46 tanker program have also been delayed as the company works to meet U.S. Federal Aviation Administration conditions, locking up about 40 million pounds ($49 million) in cash until the year’s end. Departing CEO Bob Murphy said on a conference call that Cobham is wrestling with one-time operating challenges “to get the business right-footed and to move forward,” adding: “We don’t have a long-term issue.” Including gains from a drop in the value of the pound since Britain’s vote to exit the European Union on June 23, trading profit will be between 255 million pounds and 275 million pounds, Cobham said. That’s a 10 percent downgrade in expectations, Sandy Morris, an analyst at Jefferies, said in a note to clients. Cobham shares had their steepest intraday drop since April 26 and traded almost 17 percent lower at 133.7 pence as of 11:55 a.m. in London, taking the decline this year to 44 percent and valuing the company at 2.28 billion pounds. New Direction The forecast-cut is the third since November 2015. Even though Cobham expects an improvement in the fourth quarter “from increased volumes in a number of areas,” that won’t be sufficient to meet earlier guidance, the manufacturer said. It didn’t provide a forecast for the year starting January. Cobham in August named David Lockwood, head of wireless communications and electromagnetic developer Laird Plc, to become CEO by Jan. 1, succeeding Murphy, whose $1.46 billion acquisition of wireless specialist Aeroflex had aimed to dilute the company’s focus on shrinking defense markets. The purchase, while “important strategically” amid a downturn in U.K. and U.S. military spending, placed an “incredible amount of stress on the near-term financial success of the business,” Murphy said Monday. Since the acquisition, Cobham has disposed of businesses in four separate transactions to shore up cash and reduce debt. Delivery snags at the wireless unit also prompted it to raise 500 million pounds in a rights issue in April, a move that Morris said at the time was “tough medicine” for investors. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Cobham PLC Earnings Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Mittwoch, 16.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»BOEING AKTIE»Air Tahiti Nui Equips Dreamliners With Panasonic Inflight Entertainment and Connectivity BOEING COMPANY 137,57  Euro -1,27 -0,91 % WKN: 850471  ISIN: US0970231058 Ticker-Symbol: BCO  Frankfurt | 15.11.16 | 16:16 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BrancheLuftfahrt AktienmarktDJ Industrial S&P 100 S&P 500 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 137,48 138,86 15.11. 137,76 138,60 15.11. 24.10.2016 | 09:02 (25 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) PR Newswire·Mehr Nachrichten von PR Newswire Air Tahiti Nui Equips Dreamliners With Panasonic Inflight Entertainment and Connectivity SINGAPORE, October 24, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Airline chooses global Wi-Fi system and world's leading inflight entertainment system Air Tahiti Nui, the French airline flying from Tahiti, has selected Panasonic Avionics Corporation (Panasonic) to equip its Boeing 787s with global connectivity and industry-leading inflight entertainment (IFE) systems. Air Tahiti Nui will equip four of its Boeing 787-9s with Panasonic's inflight Wi-Fi service as well as its eX3 IFE system. The platform will offer passengers a high-definition screen and the latest advances in IFE together with an advanced broadband service through eXConnect. Panasonic's eXConnect operates over the company's Ku-band satellite network - the only global broadband inflight connectivity service in operation today. The technology will guarantee that Air Tahiti flyers receive a unique on-board experience enabling them to send emails, access the Internet and social media channels. Paul Margis, Chief Executive Officer at Panasonic Avionics Corporation, says:"We're absolutely delighted to be working with Air Tahiti Nui again. Our eX3 system provides an industry leading entertainment experience and, when combined with our powerful broadband Wi-Fi, delivers a premium service to passengers traveling across the world." Michel Monvoisin, Chief Executive Officer at Air Tahiti Nui, adds:"Our service covers a network of long haul routes. It is important that our cabins help not only create an appeasing atmosphere, but also immerse passengers in the beauty of our islands. We needed a solution that could truly serve our passenger demands for a reliable IFE system combined with broadband service. With the help of Panasonic Avionics, we are certain to offer clients an incredible entertainment experience with high-speed connectivity services that will keep them connected while traveling." About Panasonic Avionics Corporation Panasonic Avionics Corporation is the world's leading supplier of inflight entertainment and communication systems. The company's best-in-class solutions, supported by professional maintenance services, fully integrate with the cabin enabling its customers to deliver the ultimate travel experiences with a rich variety of entertainment choices, resulting in improved quality communication systems and solutions, reduced time-to-market and lower overall costs. Established in 1979, Panasonic Avionics Corporation, a U.S. corporation, is a subsidiary of Panasonic Corporation of North America, the principal North American subsidiary of Panasonic Corporation. Headquartered in Lake Forest, California with over 4,554 employees and operations in 80 global locations, it has delivered over 8,000 IFE systems and 1,300 inflight connectivity solutions to the world's leading airlines. For additional information, please visit http://www.panasonic.aero. About Air Tahiti Nui Air Tahiti Nui was established on 31 October 1996 and commenced flight operations on 20 November 1998. As the first international airline based in Papeete, Tahiti, Air Tahiti Nui was formed to develop inbound tourism and operate international services for the leisure travel markets. The government of French Polynesia is the major shareholder (84.4%) along with other local investors. Currently, Air Tahiti Nui has 782 employees. In May 2015, Air Tahiti Nui announced its intention to replace its entire fleet, currently consisting of five Airbus A340-300s. They will be replaced by four Boeing 787-9s, which are due to be delivered in 2018 and 2019. As of July 2015, the airline serves the following destinations: Auckland, Los Angeles, Papeete, Paris and Tokyo. © 2016 PR Newswire Nachrichten zu BOEING COMPANY Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Di Boeing will move 1,600 Huntington Beach jobs to Los Angeles County ► Artikel lesen Di Here's Why Boeing Shares Are Falling Today ► Artikel lesen Di Boeing to cut some jobs, move others, in efficiency effort ► Artikel lesen Di Boeing to cut defense jobs in consolidation effort ► Artikel lesen Di UPDATE 1-Boeing to consolidate defense, space and security business ► Artikel lesen Nachrichten zu PANASONIC CORPORATION Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Di Panasonic Co. Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell ► Artikel lesen Di Komsa schult zur neuen Panasonic-Serie KX-NSX: Erst vor kurzem hatte Panasonic seine neue Kommunikationsplattform KX-NSX ... ► Artikel lesen Mo Panasonic launcht neue Kommunikationsplattform KX-NSX: Panasonic erweitert sein Sortiment mit der KX-NSX-Serie und ... ► Artikel lesen Mo Panasonic ends due diligence, steps back from Gorenje ► Artikel lesen Fr UPDATE 1-Trading in Gorenje suspended after Panasonic decides against takeover ► Artikel lesen Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Comm & Energy Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Boeing takes on peers, partners in bid for replacement parts business Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Aerospace & Defense | Mon Oct 24, 2016 | 1:31am EDT Boeing takes on peers, partners in bid for replacement parts business left right Mechanic Andrew Newingham uses a wireless headset and voice-controlled computer to quickly input details about an auxiliary power unit engine needing repairs at a Honeywell Aerospace service center in Phoenix, Arizona September 6, 2016. REUTERS/Alwyn Scott 1/2 left right Mechanic Andrew Newingham uses a wireless headset and voice-controlled computer to quickly input details about an auxiliary power unit engine needing repairs at a Honeywell Aerospace service center in Phoenix, Arizona September 6, 2016. REUTERS/Alwyn Scott 2/2 By Alwyn Scott | PHOENIX PHOENIX In search of higher profits margins, Boeing Co (BA.N) is aiming to win more of the lucrative market for replacement parts and repair services, pitting the plane maker against major suppliers who view that growing $62 billion a year market as their turf. Boeing told Reuters it has added 35,000 parts to stocks it positions around the world to serve airlines in the last year, after analyzing its vast store of aircraft data to see where the parts will be needed. It has also cut prices on 24,000 parts to be more competitive, and it is expanding training and other services. Boeing is trying to capture more profit from spare parts made under license by suppliers as well. To get there, it is producing some new parts in house to gain control over repairs, and sifting its databases to help airlines predict when planes will need service. The maker of such flagship jets as the 787 Dreamliner and top-selling 737 has been building its aftermarket business for years. But as demand for planes has slowed over the last 18 months, Boeing is now turning more aggressively to spare parts and services to help meet its own ambitious targets of doubling overall margins to the mid-teens by 2020. The main reason: a dollar of added aftermarket sales is more valuable than a dollar of new aircraft sales. Boeing's aftermarket sales have risen over the last three years and are outpacing the 4.5 percent growth of the broad aftermarket, Dennis Floyd, vice president of services strategy and business development at Boeing, told Reuters. "That means we're taking market share," he said. Boeing's effort is ratcheting up competition with many of its biggest suppliers, including Honeywell International Inc (HON.N), United Technologies Corp (UTX.N) and Rockwell Collins Inc (COL.N), and repair operations such as Delta Air Lines Inc (DAL.N) Technical Operations and Lufthansa (LHAG.DE) Technik - which are all taking action to defend their lucrative franchises. Aftermarket sales typically offer margins of 20 percent or more - which makes expanding its presence in that market crucial to Boeing's effort to hit Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg's overall profitability goal, analysts say. Boeing doesn't break out aftermarket revenue, and has not publicly discussed its aftermarket strategy in detail. Analysts estimate parts and services generate about $15 billion a year, or nearly 16 percent of Boeing's $96 billion in annual sales, split roughly evenly between its commercial aircraft and defense businesses. Industry experts say Boeing aims to more than triple aftermarket sales to as much as $50 billion over the next 10 years. Boeing declined to confirm a specific target, but the company's "leadership has set high aspirations," Floyd said. "We are investing heavily into these businesses." Boeing has logged its largest number of orders for its "GoldCare" aircraft maintenance service this year, and now counts 60 customers and 2,200 planes in the program. "We're seeing the returns on these investments," Floyd said. "COMPETIMATES" Boeing partners with the likes of Honeywell Aerospace to do some repairs. But both are trying to increase their own sales of repairs and parts to airlines. That's why the two manufacturing heavyweights are "competimates," said Mike Beazley, vice president of aftermarket sales at Honeywell. "There's a segment of the market that will pay a premium to deal with one company" through Boeing GoldCare, he said. But many "would still like to have a direct relationship with the biggest suppliers." At Honeywell Aerospace's 360,000 square-foot aftermarket center in Phoenix, the largest of its 40 repair stations around the globe, Andrew Newingham recently circled a small auxiliary aircraft engine on his workbench. As a robotic voice called out questions and Newingham answered, a computer logged details about what work the engine needed, reducing to minutes what was formerly an hours-long task involving paper checklists and typing on a computer. Honeywell aims to cut engine repair times to 20 calendar days or less, and offers upgrades and enhancements when engines come in for repairs. "What keeps us competitive and allows us to win new business is being able to offer speed," said Steve Foust, senior plant director.  WINNING ON PRICE Repair organizations also are reacting as Boeing and its European rival Airbus Group SE (AIR.PA) try to grab business. Boeing partners with Lufthansa Technik [LUFT.UL] on some services. But it also undercuts Lufthansa on others. Low-cost, long-haul airline Norwegian Air Shuttle ASA (NWC.OL), for example, considered several service groups, including Lufthansa Technik. In the end it picked GoldCare to maintain its 737 MAX and 787 jets, Asgeir Nyseth, chief operating officer of Norwegian Group, said in an interview.  Boeing's service "was the cheapest one," he said, adding Norwegian benefited from the increased competition Boeing provided. Boeing and Airbus "have the advantage that they can combine an after-sale service package with the sale of the aircraft," said Lufthansa Technik's Frank Berweger, senior vice president of corporate sales for the Americas. In part to counter the aircraft makers, Lufthansa Technik plans to quadruple investment in research and product development to 200 million euros ($219.52 million) to 2018 from 2015, on top of increased spending on tooling and training to service new Boeing and Airbus jetliner types. Engine repairs make up nearly half of the service market, but those are largely beyond the reach of Boeing or Airbus. Engine makers such as General Electric Co (GE.N) and Pratt & Whitney locked up their aftermarket more than a decade ago. Kevin Michaels, president of consulting firm AeroDynamic Advisory, says Boeing will find it difficult to capture $50 billion in services revenue annually -- not to mention making a profit -- given the strength of some of the suppliers and specialist service companies. "Boeing has to be agile and cost competitive enough to win business from established players," Michaels said. "They need to be entrepreneurial. That's a challenge." ($1 = 0.9111 euros) (Reporting by Alwyn Scott; editing by Edward Tobin) Next In Aerospace & Defense Boeing shares fall as United Airlines defers $5 billion order SEATTLE/BANGALORE Boeing Co shares fell on Tuesday after United Continental Holdings said it will defer jetliner orders worth nearly $5 billion as part of a cost-saving drive. Boeing to consolidate defense, space and security business Boeing Co , the world's biggest planemaker, said on Tuesday that it would close some plants and move jobs as it consolidates its business that makes military aircraft and weapons. Russia says its missile strikes did not hit Aleppo: Ifax MOSCOW Russia's Defence Ministry has said that Russian missile strikes did not hit the Syrian city of Aleppo on Tuesday, according to Interfax news agency. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories FOCUS 360 Video: Protesting Trump’s win Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy

Business Home LBoard UN body tells Putrajaya to let Bersih be FMT Reporters Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US Boeing takes on peers, partners in bid for replacement parts business Reuters | October 24, 2016 Boeing is now turning more aggressively to spare parts and services to help meet its own ambitious targets of doubling overall margins to the mid-teens by 2020. PHOENIX: In search of higher profits margins, Boeing Co is aiming to win more of the lucrative market for replacement parts and repair services, pitting the plane maker against major suppliers who view that growing $62 billion a year market as their turf. Boeing told Reuters it has added 35,000 parts to stocks it positions around the world to serve airlines in the last year, after analyzing its vast store of aircraft data to see where the parts will be needed. It has also cut prices on 24,000 parts to be more competitive, and it is expanding training and other services. Boeing is trying to capture more profit from spare parts made under license by suppliers as well. To get there, it is producing some new parts in house to gain control over repairs, and sifting its databases to help airlines predict when planes will need service. The maker of such flagship jets as the 787 Dreamliner and top-selling 737 has been building its aftermarket business for years. But as demand for planes has slowed over the last 18 months, Boeing is now turning more aggressively to spare parts and services to help meet its own ambitious targets of doubling overall margins to the mid-teens by 2020. The main reason: a dollar of added aftermarket sales is more valuable than a dollar of new aircraft sales. Boeing’s aftermarket sales have risen over the last three years and are outpacing the 4.5 percent growth of the broad aftermarket, Dennis Floyd, vice president of services strategy and business development at Boeing, told Reuters. “That means we’re taking market share,” he said. Boeing’s effort is ratcheting up competition with many of its biggest suppliers, including Honeywell International Inc, United Technologies Corp and Rockwell Collins Inc, and repair operations such as Delta Air Lines Inc Technical Operations and Lufthansa Technik – which are all taking action to defend their lucrative franchises. Aftermarket sales typically offer margins of 20 percent or more – which makes expanding its presence in that market crucial to Boeing’s effort to hit Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg’s overall profitability goal, analysts say. Boeing doesn’t break out aftermarket revenue, and has not publicly discussed its aftermarket strategy in detail. Analysts estimate parts and services generate about $15 billion a year, or nearly 16 percent of Boeing’s $96 billion in annual sales, split roughly evenly between its commercial aircraft and defense businesses. Industry experts say Boeing aims to more than triple aftermarket sales to as much as $50 billion over the next 10 years. Boeing declined to confirm a specific target, but the company’s “leadership has set high aspirations,” Floyd said. “We are investing heavily into these businesses.” Boeing has logged its largest number of orders for its “GoldCare” aircraft maintenance service this year, and now counts 60 customers and 2,200 planes in the program. “We’re seeing the returns on these investments,” Floyd said. “Competimates” Boeing partners with the likes of Honeywell Aerospace to do some repairs. But both are trying to increase their own sales of repairs and parts to airlines. That’s why the two manufacturing heavyweights are “competimates,” said Mike Beazley, vice president of aftermarket sales at Honeywell. “There’s a segment of the market that will pay a premium to deal with one company” through Boeing GoldCare, he said. But many “would still like to have a direct relationship with the biggest suppliers.” At Honeywell Aerospace’s 360,000 square-foot aftermarket center in Phoenix, the largest of its 40 repair stations around the globe, Andrew Newingham recently circled a small auxiliary aircraft engine on his workbench. As a robotic voice called out questions and Newingham answered, a computer logged details about what work the engine needed, reducing to minutes what was formerly an hours-long task involving paper checklists and typing on a computer. Honeywell aims to cut engine repair times to 20 calendar days or less, and offers upgrades and enhancements when engines come in for repairs. “What keeps us competitive and allows us to win new business is being able to offer speed,” said Steve Foust, senior plant director. Winning on price Repair organizations also are reacting as Boeing and its European rival Airbus Group SE try to grab business. Boeing partners with Lufthansa Technik on some services. But it also undercuts Lufthansa on others. Low-cost, long-haul airline Norwegian Air Shuttle ASA, for example, considered several service groups, including Lufthansa Technik. In the end it picked GoldCare to maintain its 737 MAX and 787 jets, Asgeir Nyseth, chief operating officer of Norwegian Group, said in an interview. Boeing’s service “was the cheapest one,” he said, adding Norwegian benefited from the increased competition Boeing provided. Boeing and Airbus “have the advantage that they can combine an after-sale service package with the sale of the aircraft,” said Lufthansa Technik’s Frank Berweger, senior vice president of corporate sales for the Americas. In part to counter the aircraft makers, Lufthansa Technik plans to quadruple investment in research and product development to 200 million euros ($219.52 million) to 2018 from 2015, on top of increased spending on tooling and training to service new Boeing and Airbus jetliner types. Engine repairs make up nearly half of the service market, but those are largely beyond the reach of Boeing or Airbus. Engine makers such as General Electric Co and Pratt & Whitney locked up their aftermarket more than a decade ago. Kevin Michaels, president of consulting firm AeroDynamic Advisory, says Boeing will find it difficult to capture $50 billion in services revenue annually — not to mention making a profit — given the strength of some of the suppliers and specialist service companies. “Boeing has to be agile and cost competitive enough to win business from established players,” Michaels said. “They need to be entrepreneurial. That’s a challenge.” Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story T’ganu govt awards Dr Fauziah ‘Iron Angel’ award Single mothers cry foul over alleged Budget 2017 shortcomings ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News RM55 for a stray dog: Johor prince takes council to task PKR MP questions Jamal’s ‘extraordinary’… Zuraida tanya, siapa benarkan Jamal naik helikopter Lawyers to monitor Bersih 5 rally Liow: No plans to wipe out 1.6m outstanding AES summonses Suicide victim Shukri was a good man, says neighbour No more ringgit, say some S’pore moneychangers UN body tells Putrajaya to let Bersih be Pemimpin Pemuda PKR cabar Jamal lapor banglo mewahnya PKR’s Adam Rosly dares Jamal to lodge report on his… ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB Halal atau haram? Bersih 5 menurut Islam Selling ideas in yellow and red shirts When will our elections be shariah compliant? Ahli politik di depan orang dan belakang tabir When electoral systems fail to reflect voter preference Kesan pelantikan Trump terhadap Malaysia More... FMT Bahasa Halal atau haram? Bersih 5 menurut Islam Jamal bohong dakwa 3 pemuda ubah haluan, kata Bersih Tiada caj baharu jika terpaksa duduk di wad kelas 2, kata menteri Saman AES RM150, kata menteri Putera Johor tegur PBT tawar RM55 tangkap anjing liar Hujan lebat, Presint 11 Putrajaya banjir More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
Latest News Dow 18,923 +54.37 +0.29% Nasdaq 5,276 +57.23 +1.10% S&P 500 2,180 +16.19 +0.75% 7:05 P.M. ET Proposed Passenger Jet Could Reach Supersonic Speeds 6:55 P.M. ET Social Media Companies Tackle Fake News and Abuse 6:51 P.M. ET Preet Bharara hopeful that insider-trading prosecutions will ramp up 6:48 P.M. ET Updated Family of Chicago folk singer Steve Goodman sold ‘Go, Cubs, Go’ rights mere months before World Series 6:27 P.M. ET PlayStation Network may have been target of October’s internet attack 6:14 P.M. ET Sen. Elizabeth Warren on Election 2016 6:10 P.M. ET Ford CEO warns Trump’s tariffs could backfire 6:01 P.M. ET Sperling: What Went Wrong for the Democrats 5:54 P.M. ET Snapchat parent confidentially files for blockbuster IPO 5:50 P.M. ET The Preponderance of Evidence 5:48 P.M. ET Gene Sperling on the Unsuccessful Clinton Campaign 5:46 P.M. ET Updated Federal judge gives kids right to sue government over climate-change inaction 5:43 P.M. ET What to expect when Salesforce reports earnings 5:41 P.M. ET WWE Legend Bill Goldberg Returns to the Ring 5:33 P.M. ET Cisco sales decline likely to weigh on earnings 5:28 P.M. ET Still at Odds, Congress Returns to Work After Election 5:18 P.M. ET Updated The decades-long bond bull market is done, says Bill Miller 5:14 P.M. ET New supersonic jetliner a step closer to getting off the ground 5:13 P.M. ET Blackstone CEO on Job Growth Under President Trump 5:07 P.M. ET Dear President-elect Trump: Please do right by investors Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Rockwell Collins Reports Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2016 Results and Provides Fiscal Year 2017 Financial Guidance By Published: Oct 23, 2016 12:10 p.m. ET Share CEDAR RAPIDS, Iowa, Oct 23, 2016 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Rockwell Collins, Inc. COL, -0.43% today reported fourth quarter fiscal year 2016 earnings per share from continuing operations increased 14% to $1.58, compared to $1.38 in the prior year. Total sales for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016 were $1.45 billion, a 4% increase from the same period in fiscal year 2015. Total segment operating margin for the fourth quarter increased 60 basis points to 22.6% and segment operating earnings increased 7% to $326 million, compared to the same period in fiscal year 2015. Fiscal year 2016 sales were $5.26 billion, compared to $5.24 billion in fiscal year 2015. Earnings per share from continuing operations increased 6% to $5.50, compared to $5.19 in the prior year. Cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations totaled $723 million in fiscal year 2016, compared to $749 million in fiscal year 2015. Free cash flow was $530 million in fiscal year 2016, compared to $539 million in fiscal year 2015. The Company announced financial guidance for its fiscal year 2017. This financial guidance is based on stand-alone expectations for Rockwell Collins and does not contemplate the acquisition of B/E Aerospace that was separately announced today. The Company expects revenue between $5.3 billion and $5.4 billion and free cash flow in the range of $600 million to $700 million. Total segment operating margins in 2017 are expected to be about flat with 2016. Integral to this guidance are the following assumptions for the Company's reporting segments in comparison to fiscal year 2016: Government Systems sales are expected to grow low-to-mid single-digits. Commercial Systems sales are expected to be about flat. Information Management Services sales are expected to be up mid-to-high single-digits. "I'm pleased to report a strong quarter of operational performance highlighted by double-digit earnings per share growth and robust quarterly free cash flow generation," said Rockwell Collins Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer, Kelly Ortberg. “As we look to fiscal year 2017, we expect continued recovery in Government Systems driven by an improved budget environment. We also expect our Information Management Services business will continue to grow as a result of the ongoing demand for aircraft connectivity. Our Commercial Systems business is expected to be flat as air transport OEM growth is being offset by lower business jet sales and aftermarket parts recycling. We look forward to completing the acquisition of B/E Aerospace which will significantly enhance our long-term outlook.” Following is a discussion of fiscal year 2016 fourth quarter sales and earnings for each business segment. Commercial Systems Commercial Systems, which provides aviation electronics systems, products and services to air transport, business and regional aircraft manufacturers and airlines worldwide, achieved 2016 fourth quarter results as summarized below.               (dollars in millions) Q4 FY16 Q4 FY15 Inc/(Dec) Commercial Systems sales Original equipment $ 351 $ 372 (6 )% Aftermarket 251 251 — % Wide-body in-flight entertainment 8   13   (38 )% Total Commercial Systems sales $ 610   $ 636   (4 )%   Operating earnings $ 130 $ 146 (11 )% Operating margin rate 21.3 % 23.0 %   Original equipment sales decreased due to lower business aircraft OEM production rates, unfavorable customer timing for airline selectable equipment, and lower Airbus A330 production rates. These decreases were partially offset by higher product deliveries in support of the Airbus A350, Boeing 787, and Bombardier CSeries production rate increases, as well as higher customer-funded development program revenues. Aftermarket sales were flat as higher air transport entry-into-service spares sales were offset by lower business jet cabin retrofit sales. Operating earnings and operating margin decreased due to lower business jet sales, a $4 million charge related to employee headcount reductions, and higher research and development expense and amortization of pre-production engineering costs. These unfavorable items were partially offset by cost savings initiatives from previously announced restructuring plans. Government Systems Government Systems provides a broad range of electronic products, systems and services to customers including the U.S. Department of Defense, other government agencies, civil agencies, defense contractors and ministries of defense around the world. Beginning with the first quarter of fiscal year 2016, Government Systems sales categories have been consolidated as a result of an internal reorganization and are delineated based on the underlying product technologies. The previously reported sales categories of Communication products, Surface solutions and Navigation products are now primarily consolidated into Communication and navigation. Government Systems sales for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2015 have been reclassified to the current year presentation. Results from the fourth quarter of 2016 are summarized below.               (dollars in millions) Q4 FY16 Q4 FY15 Inc/(Dec) Government Systems sales Avionics $ 457 $ 400 14 % Communication and navigation 205   181   13 % Total Government Systems sales $ 662   $ 581   14 %   Operating earnings $ 168 $ 129 30 % Operating margin rate 25.4 % 22.2 %   Avionics sales increased due to higher fixed-wing platform revenues, simulation and training program sales, and sales from a classified program. Communication and navigation sales increased due to higher ARC-210 product sales, data links sales, and GPS-based product revenues, partially offset by the wind-down of an international electronic warfare program and lower international deliveries of targeting systems. Operating earnings and operating margin increased primarily due to higher sales volume, cost savings from previously announced restructuring plans, and lower company-funded research and development expense. In addition, favorable development program contract adjustments were offset by unfavorable warranty adjustments. Information Management Services Information Management Services (IMS) provides communication services, systems integration and security solutions across the aviation, airport, rail and nuclear security markets. Results from the fourth quarter of 2016 are summarized below.               (dollars in millions) Q4 FY16 Q4 FY15 Inc/(Dec) Information Management Services sales $ 173 $ 167 4 %   Operating earnings $ 28 $ 29 (3 )% Operating margin rate 16.2 % 17.4 %   IMS sales increased due to growth in aviation related businesses and higher non-aviation related sales due to the timing of nuclear security program revenues. These increases were partially offset by certain favorable adjustments recorded in the aviation related businesses in the prior year. IMS operating earnings and operating margin decreased primarily due to certain favorable adjustments recorded in the aviation related businesses in the prior year, partially offset by higher earnings from the higher sales volume. Income Taxes The Company's effective income tax rate from continuing operations was 29.7% for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016 compared to a rate of 30.8% for the same period last year. The lower current year effective income tax rate from continuing operations was primarily due to differences in the availability of the Federal R&D tax credit. Cash Flow Cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations was $723 million in fiscal year 2016, compared to $749 million in fiscal year 2015. The $26 million decrease was primarily due to unfavorable net working capital changes, partially offset by lower income tax payments. The company paid a dividend on its common stock of 33 cents per share, or $43 million, in the fourth quarter of 2016. Fiscal Year 2017 Outlook This financial guidance is based on stand-alone expectations for Rockwell Collins in fiscal year 2017 and does not contemplate the acquisition of B/E Aerospace that was separately announced today: --   Total sales     $5.3 billion to $5.4 billion -- Total segment operating margins About 21.0% -- Free cash flow $600 million to $700 million [(1)] -- Total research & development investment $900 million to $950 million [(2)] -- Full year income tax rate 28% to 29% (1) - The Company's free cash flow expectations assume the Company will make a $55 million discretionary contribution to the company’s qualified defined benefit pension plan, capital expenditures will total about $200 million, and net pre-production engineering costs capitalized in inventory is expected to increase about $50 million in fiscal year 2017. (2) - Total research and development investment consists of company and customer funded research & development expenditures as well as the net increase in pre-production engineering costs capitalized within inventory. Non-GAAP Financial Information Total segment operating margin is a non-GAAP measure and is reconciled to the related GAAP measure, Income from continuing operations before income taxes, in the Segment Sales and Earnings Information schedule in this press release. Total segment operating margin is calculated as total segment operating earnings divided by total sales. The non-GAAP total segment operating margin information included in this disclosure is believed to be useful to investors' understanding and assessment of the Company's ongoing operations. Free cash flow is a non-GAAP measure and is reconciled to the related GAAP measure, Cash Provided by Operating Activities from Continuing Operations below. Free cash flow is calculated as Cash Provided by Operating Activities from Continuing Operations less Property Additions. The non-GAAP free cash flow information included in this disclosure is believed to be useful to investors' understanding and assessment of the Company's ongoing operations.       Year Ended September 30 (dollars in millions) 2016     2015 Cash Provided by Operating Activities from Continuing Operations $ 723 $ 749 Less: Property Additions (193 ) (210 ) Free Cash Flow $ 530   $ 539     Conference Call and Webcast Details Separately today, Rockwell Collins announced the acquisition of B/E Aerospace. Due to this pending transaction, both Rockwell Collins and B/E Aerospace have canceled their previously scheduled earnings conference calls and webcasts. Rockwell Collins and B/E Aerospace executives will discuss the transaction during Rockwell Collins’ earnings webcast now scheduled Monday, October 24th at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time. Individuals may listen to the call and view management's supporting slide presentation on the Internet at www.rockwellcollins.com. Listeners are encouraged to go to the Investor Relations portion of the web site at least 15 minutes prior to the call to download and install any necessary software. The call will be available for replay on the Internet at www.rockwellcollins.com. Business Highlights Airbus survey ranks Rockwell Collins No. 1 for avionics supplier support Rockwell Collins was named by Airbus as its top supplier in the Supplier-Furnished Equipment category and received an Excellent In-Service Performance award. Rockwell Collins and the Defense Contract Management Agency sign agreement to streamline procurement of commercial items Rockwell Collins and the Defense Contract Management Agency signed a Memorandum of Agreement that establishes an improved process for procurement of commercial items for military application. Boeing 777X to feature touchscreen flight displays from Rockwell Collins Boeing selected Rockwell Collins to provide its industry-leading touchscreen flight displays for all five flight deck displays on the new Boeing 777X. The advanced touchscreen capability will make the flight deck more intuitive for pilots and more efficient for flight operations. Bombardier C Series first delivery marks airline debut of Rockwell Collins’ Pro Line Fusion® Rockwell Collins’ Pro Line Fusion® avionics made its airline debut following first delivery of Bombardier’s C Series to Swiss International Air Lines. The aircraft also features Rockwell Collins’ Primary Flight Control Computer, industry-leading MultiScan™ weather radar with predictive windshear and dual Head-Up Display. Rockwell Collins named to the North American Dow Jones Sustainability Index for 2016 For the eighth year in a row, Rockwell Collins was named to the North American Dow Jones Sustainability Index. Rockwell Collins is one of four North American Aerospace and Defense companies recognized on this year’s index in the Capital Goods category. Rockwell Collins’ advanced avionics and IFE selected for 44 Shenzhen Airlines Boeing 737s Rockwell Collins was selected by China-based Shenzhen Airlines to provide its full suite of advanced avionics and PAVES™ Broadcast overhead In-Flight Entertainment (IFE) on 44 new airplanes, including 37 Boeing 737 MAX and seven Next-Generation Boeing 737 aircraft. Rockwell Collins HGS™ and EVS certified on Legacy 450/500 Rockwell Collins' HGS™-3500, the industry’s first Head-up Guidance System (HGS™) developed for mid-size and light business aircraft and multi-spectral EVS-3000 enhanced vision system have been certified for the Embraer Legacy 450 and Legacy 500 executive jets-the first certification for both technologies. The systems bring revolutionary flight deck technology to the business aviation market segment that enhance pilot situational awareness and increase safety. Rockwell Collins’ customer Zetta Jet accepts delivery of first Global 6000 aircraft enabled with global high speed cabin connectivity The high speed cabin connectivity experience of the future is now one step closer for Zetta Jet customers with the delivery of the company’s first Bombardier Global 6000 aircraft enabled with Inmarsat’s Jet ConneX (JX). Rockwell Collins is the service provider and a value added reseller of JX connectivity as part of its ARINCDirect offering. Rockwell Collins awarded production contract to modernize Air Force, Navy and Army test ranges Rockwell Collins was awarded a $31 million contract from the U.S. Department of Defense to support production of the Common Range Integrated Instrumentation System across Air Force, Navy and Army test ranges. The award comes shortly after the completion of a successful Production Readiness Review. China Eastern to upgrade 737 fleet with Rockwell Collins Iridium® SATCOM Rockwell Collins announced that China Eastern Airlines selected its Iridium® SATCOM aftermarket solution for its fleet of more than 100 Boeing 737 aircraft. Installations are currently in progress. Rockwell Collins awarded Coptersafety contract for helicopter visual training systems Rockwell Collins will supply visual systems, including image generators, databases, and projectors, plus avionics and aircraft data to Coptersafety OY, an independent helicopter training establishment located in Helsinki, Finland. The systems will be used at Coptersafety’s new training facility at Vantaa Airport. Indira Gandhi International Airport selected Rockwell Collins to provide first mobile common use check-in platform in India Passengers using Indira Gandhi International Airport (IGI) can now check in faster due to the implementation of Rockwell Collins’ new ARINC vMUSE™ mobile passenger processing solution. IGI, India's busiest airport and the largest in South Asia, is the first airport to implement ARINC vMUSE, which gives airlines the ability to check in travelers wherever and whenever needed. Rockwell Collins’ HGS™ to be offered on new Embraer E-Jet E2 aircraft Rockwell Collins’ dual Head-Up Guidance System (HGS™) was selected as an option on the upcoming Embraer E-Jet E2 aircraft line, which includes the E175-E2, E190-E2 and E195-E2. Mexican Navy selects Rockwell Collins to deliver Transportable Blackhawk Operations Simulator Rockwell Collins will deliver one Transportable Blackhawk Operations Simulator (T-BOS) and associated services to the Mexican Navy in Veracruz, Mexico, making this delivery the seventeenth T-BOS delivered to domestic and international customers for the UH-60M Blackhawk helicopter. About Rockwell Collins Rockwell Collins is a pioneer in the development and deployment of innovative communication and aviation electronic solutions for both commercial and government applications. Our expertise in flight deck avionics, cabin electronics, mission communications, simulation and training and information management services is delivered by a global workforce, and a service and support network that crosses more than 150 countries. To find out more, please visit www.rockwellcollins.com. Safe Harbor Statement This press release contains statements, including statements regarding certain projections, business trends, and the proposed acquisition of B/E Aerospace that are forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those projected as a result of certain risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to the financial condition of our customers and suppliers, including bankruptcies; the health of the global economy, including potential deterioration in economic and financial market conditions; adjustments to the commercial OEM production rates and the aftermarket; the impacts of natural disasters and pandemics, including operational disruption, potential supply shortages and other economic impacts; cybersecurity threats, including the potential misappropriation of assets or sensitive information, corruption of data or operational disruption; delays related to the award of domestic and international contracts; delays in customer programs, including new aircraft programs entering service later than anticipated; the continued support for military transformation and modernization programs; potential impact of volatility in oil prices, currency exchange rates or interest rates on the commercial aerospace industry or our business; the impact of terrorist events on the commercial aerospace industry; changes in domestic and foreign government spending, budgetary, procurement and trade policies adverse to our businesses; market acceptance of our new and existing technologies, products and services; reliability of and customer satisfaction with our products and services; potential unavailability of our mission-critical data and voice communication networks; unfavorable outcomes on or potential cancellation or restructuring of contracts, orders or program priorities by our customers; recruitment and retention of qualified personnel; regulatory restrictions on air travel due to environmental concerns; effective negotiation of collective bargaining agreements by us, our customers, and our suppliers; performance of our customers and subcontractors; risks inherent in development and fixed-price contracts, particularly the risk of cost overruns; risk of significant reduction to air travel or aircraft capacity beyond our forecasts; our ability to execute to internal performance plans such as restructuring activities, productivity and quality improvements and cost reduction initiatives; achievement of ARINC integration and synergy plans as well as our other acquisition and related integration plans; continuing to maintain our planned effective tax rates; our ability to develop contract compliant systems and products on schedule and within anticipated cost estimates; risk of fines and penalties related to noncompliance with laws and regulations including compliance requirements associated with U.S. Government work, export control and environmental regulations; risk of asset impairments; our ability to win new business and convert those orders to sales within the fiscal year in accordance with our annual operating plan; and the uncertainties of the outcome of lawsuits, claims and legal proceedings, risk that one or more closing conditions to the acquisition of B/E Aerospace, including certain regulatory approvals, may not be satisfied or waived, on a timely basis or otherwise, including that a governmental entity may prohibit, delay or refuse to grant approval for the consummation of the proposed transaction, may require conditions, limitations or restrictions in connection with such approvals or that the required approval by the shareholders of each of B/E Aerospace and Rockwell Collins may not be obtained; risk of unexpected costs, charges or expenses resulting from the proposed acquisition of B/E Aerospace; uncertainty of the expected financial performance of the combined company following completion of the proposed acquisition of B/E Aerospace; failure to realize the anticipated benefits of the proposed acquisition of B/E Aerospace, including as a result of delay in completing the proposed transaction or integrating the businesses of Rockwell Collins and B/E Aerospace; risk to the ability of the combined company to implement its business strategy; risk of an occurrence of any event that could give rise to termination of the merger agreement; risk that stockholder litigation in connection with the proposed transaction may affect the timing or occurrence of the contemplated merger or result in significant costs of defense, indemnification and liability as well as other risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those detailed herein and from time to time in our Securities and Exchange Commission filings. These forward-looking statements are made only as of the date hereof and the company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement. No Offer or Solicitation This communication is for informational purposes only and not intended to and does not constitute an offer to subscribe for, buy or sell, the solicitation of an offer to subscribe for, buy or sell or an invitation to subscribe for, buy or sell any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction pursuant to or in connection with the proposed transaction or otherwise, nor shall there be any sale, issuance or transfer of securities in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law. No offer of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and otherwise in accordance with applicable law. Additional Information and Where to Find It In connection with the proposed transaction, Rockwell Collins will prepare a registration statement on Form S-4 that will include a joint proxy statement/prospectus (the “Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus”) for the stockholders of B/E Aerospace and Rockwell Collins to be filed with the SEC, and each will mail the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus to their respective stockholders and file other documents regarding the proposed transaction with the SEC. This communication is not a substitute for any proxy statement, registration statement, proxy statement/prospectus or other document Rockwell Collins and/or B/E Aerospace may file with the SEC in connection with the proposed transaction. INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ CAREFULLY AND IN THEIR ENTIRETY THE JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS WHEN IT BECOMES AVAILABLE, ANY AMENDMENTS OR SUPPLEMENTS TO THE JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS, AND OTHER DOCUMENTS FILED BY ROCKWELL COLLINS OR B/E AEROSPACE WITH THE SEC IN CONNECTION WITH THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION, BECAUSE THESE DOCUMENTS WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION. The Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus (when available) will be mailed to stockholders of Rockwell Collins and B/E Aerospace. Investors and security holders will be able to obtain free copies of Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus and other documents filed with the SEC by Rockwell Collins and/or B/E Aerospace through the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov. Investors and security holders will also be able to obtain free copies of the documents filed by Rockwell Collins with the SEC on Rockwell Collins’ internet website at http://www.rockwellcollins.com or by contacting Rockwell Collins’ Investor Relations at Rockwell Collins, 400 Collins Rd. NE, Cedar Rapids, IA 52498 or by calling (319) 295-7575. Investors and security holders will also be able to obtain free copies of the documents filed by B/E Aerospace with the SEC on B/E Aerospace’s internet website at http://www.beaerospace.com or by contacting B/E Aerospace’s Investor Relations at B/E Aerospace, Inc., 1400 Corporate Center Way, Wellington, FL or by calling (561) 791-5000. Participants in the Solicitation Rockwell Collins, B/E Aerospace, their respective directors, executive officers and other members of its management and employees may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies in connection with the proposed transaction. Information regarding the persons who may, under the rules of the SEC, be deemed participants in the solicitation of proxies in connection with the proposed transaction, including a description of their direct or indirect interests, by security holdings or otherwise, will be set forth in the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus and other relevant materials when it is filed with the SEC. Information regarding the directors and executive officers of Rockwell Collins is contained in Rockwell Collins’ proxy statement for its 2016 annual meeting of stockholders, filed with the SEC on December 16, 2015, and Rockwell Collins’ Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 29, 2016. Information regarding the directors and executive officers of B/E Aerospace is contained in B/E Aerospace’s proxy statement for its 2016 annual meeting of stockholders, filed with the SEC on April 28, 2016. These documents can be obtained free of charge from the sources indicated above.           ROCKWELL COLLINS, INC. SEGMENT SALES AND EARNINGS INFORMATION (Unaudited) (in millions, except per share amounts)   Three Months Ended September 30 Year Ended September 30 2016     2015 2016     2015 Sales Commercial Systems $ 610 $ 636 $ 2,395 $ 2,434 Government Systems 662 581 2,206 2,187 Information Management Services 173   167   658   623   Total sales $ 1,445   $ 1,384   $ 5,259   $ 5,244     Segment operating earnings Commercial Systems $ 130 $ 146 $ 531 $ 554 Government Systems 168 129 477 457 Information Management Services 28   29   107   95   Total segment operating earnings 326 304 1,115 1,106   Interest expense (16 ) (16 ) (64 ) (61 ) Stock-based compensation (6 ) (7 ) (27 ) (24 ) General corporate, net (8 ) (15 ) (44 ) (59 ) Restructuring and asset impairment charges —   —   (45 ) —   Income from continuing operations before income taxes 296 266 935 962 Income tax expense (88 ) (82 ) (208 ) (268 )   Income from continuing operations 208 184 727 694 Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of taxes [ (1)] —   —   1   (8 ) Net income $ 208   $ 184   $ 728   $ 686     Diluted earnings (loss) per share: Continuing operations $ 1.58 $ 1.38 $ 5.50 $ 5.19 Discontinued operations —   —   0.01   (0.06 ) Diluted earnings per share $ 1.58   $ 1.38   $ 5.51   $ 5.13     Weighted average diluted shares outstanding 131.5 133.2 132.1 133.7   [(1)] On March 10, 2015, the Company sold its Aerospace Systems Engineering and Support business (ASES), which provides military aircraft integration and modification services. The results of ASES have been classified as discontinued operations. During the twelve months of 2016, the Company recorded $2 million of income from discontinued operations ($1 million after-tax), primarily due to the favorable settlement of a contractual matter with a customer of the ASES business. The following table summarizes sales by category for the three and twelve months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited, in millions):           Three Months Ended September 30 Year Ended September 30 2016     2015 2016     2015 Commercial Systems sales: Air transport aviation electronics: Original equipment $ 219 $ 209 $ 850 $ 806 Aftermarket 151 133 542 522 Wide-body in-flight entertainment 8   13   38   57 Total air transport aviation electronics 378   355   1,430   1,385   Business and regional aviation electronics: Original equipment 132 163 534 640 Aftermarket 100   118   431   409 Total business and regional aviation electronics 232   281   965   1,049 Total Commercial Systems sales $ 610   $ 636   $ 2,395   $ 2,434   Commercial Systems sales: Total original equipment $ 351 $ 372 $ 1,384 $ 1,446 Total aftermarket 251 251 973 931 Wide-body in-flight entertainment 8   13   38   57 Total Commercial Systems sales $ 610   $ 636   $ 2,395   $ 2,434   Government Systems Sales: Avionics $ 457 $ 400 $ 1,483 $ 1,436 Communication and navigation 205   181   723   751 Total Government Systems Sales $ 662   $ 581   $ 2,206   $ 2,187   Information Management Services sales $ 173   $ 167   $ 658   $ 623   Total sales $ 1,445   $ 1,384   $ 5,259   $ 5,244   The following table summarizes total Research and Development Investment by segment and funding type for the three and twelve months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited, dollars in millions):           Three Months Ended September 30 Year Ended September 30 2016     2015 2016     2015 Research and Development Investment Customer-funded: Commercial Systems $ 65 $ 56 $ 231 $ 187 Government Systems 97 89 381 382 Information Management Services 3   2   9   9   Total Customer-funded 165   147   621   578     Company-funded: Commercial Systems 46 44 143 182 Government Systems 23 26 79 88 Information Management Services [ (1)] 1   1   2   2   Total Company-funded 70   71   224   272   Total Research and Development Expense 235 218 845 850   Increase in Pre-production Engineering Costs, Net 24   37   128   136   Total Research and Development Investment $ 259   $ 255   $ 973   $ 986     Percent of Total Sales 17.9 % 18.4 % 18.5 % 18.8 %   [(1)] Research and development expenses for the Information Management Services segment do not include costs of internally developed software and other costs associated with the expansion and construction of network-related assets. These costs are capitalized as Property on the Summary Balance Sheet.       ROCKWELL COLLINS, INC. SUMMARY BALANCE SHEET (Unaudited) (in millions)   September 30 2016     2015 Assets Cash and cash equivalents $ 340 $ 252 Receivables, net 1,094 1,038 Inventories, net [ (1)] 1,939 1,824 Other current assets 117   110 Total current assets 3,490   3,224   Property 1,035 964 Goodwill 1,919 1,904 Intangible assets 667 703 Deferred income taxes 219 165 Other assets 377   344 Total assets $ 7,707   $ 7,304   Liabilities and equity Short-term debt $ 740 $ 448 Accounts payable 527 487 Compensation and benefits 269 273 Advance payments from customers 283 365 Accrued customer incentives 246 232 Product warranty costs 87 89 Other current liabilities 194   166 Total current liabilities 2,346 2,060   Long-term debt, net 1,382 1,680 Retirement benefits 1,660 1,466 Other liabilities 235 218 Equity 2,084   1,880 Total liabilities and equity $ 7,707   $ 7,304   [(1)] Inventories, net is comprised of the following: September 30, 2016 September 30, 2015 Inventories, net: Production inventory $ 799 $ 812 Pre-production engineering costs 1,140   1,012 Total Inventories, net $ 1,939   $ 1,824   Pre-production engineering costs include costs incurred during the development phase of a program in connection with long-term supply arrangements that contain contractual guarantees for reimbursement from customers. These costs are deferred in Inventories, net to the extent of the contractual guarantees and are amortized to customer-funded research and development expense within cost of sales over their estimated useful lives using a units-of-delivery method, up to 15 years.       ROCKWELL COLLINS, INC. CASH FLOW INFORMATION (Unaudited, in millions)   Year Ended September 30 2016     2015 [ (1)] Operating Activities: Net income $ 728 $ 686 Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax 1   (8 ) Income from continuing operations 727 694 Adjustments to arrive at cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation 144 152 Amortization of intangible assets and pre-production engineering costs 109 100 Stock-based compensation expense 27 24 Compensation and benefits paid in common stock 59 50 Excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation [(2)] — (13 ) Deferred income taxes 48 50 Pension plan contributions (69 ) (69 ) Fair value of acquisition-related contingent consideration 1 — Changes in assets and liabilities, excluding effects of acquisitions and foreign currency adjustments: Receivables (91 ) (46 ) Production inventory (18 ) (23 ) Pre-production engineering costs (177 ) (183 ) Accounts payable 38 (29 ) Compensation and benefits (4 ) 24 Advance payments from customers (82 ) 16 Accrued customer incentives 14 30 Product warranty costs (2 ) (14 ) Income taxes 25 50 Other assets and liabilities (26 ) (64 ) Cash Provided by Operating Activities from Continuing Operations 723   749   Investing Activities: Property additions (193 ) (210 ) Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired (17 ) (74 ) Other investing activities 1   (10 ) Cash (Used for) Investing Activities from Continuing Operations (209 ) (294 ) Financing Activities: Purchases of treasury stock (261 ) (330 ) Cash dividends (172 ) (167 ) Increase (decrease) in short-term commercial paper borrowings, net (8 ) (56 ) Proceeds from the exercise of stock options 21 49 Excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation [ (2)] — 13 Other financing activities (2 ) (1 ) Cash (Used for) Financing Activities from Continuing Operations (422 ) (492 ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (4 ) (23 ) Discontinued Operations: Operating activities — (14 ) Investing activities —   3   Cash (Used for) Discontinued Operations —   (11 ) Net Change in Cash and Cash Equivalents 88 (71 ) Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of Period 252   323   Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Period $ 340   $ 252     [(1) ] On March 10, 2015, the Company sold its Aerospace Systems Engineering and Support (ASES) business, which provides military aircraft integration and modification services. The results of ASES have been classified as discontinued operations. [(2) ] The Company adopted the new standard on accounting for share-based payments during the three months ended March 31, 2016, which requires excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation to be classified within operating cash flow. The Company elected to adopt the new standard prospectively as of the beginning of 2016, therefore prior periods have not been adjusted. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161023005023/en/ SOURCE: Rockwell Collins, Inc. Rockwell Collins, Inc. Media: Pam Tvrdy, 319-295-0591 pam.tvrdy@rockwellcollins.com or Investors: Ryan Miller, 319-295-7575 investorrelations@rockwellcollins.com Copyright Business Wire 2016 MarketWatch Partner Center Politics & Property Presidents’ weekend homes away from the White House View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Sponsored Content Alternatives in an uncertain world View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Rockwell Collins Inc. U.S.: NYSE: COL $88.33 -0.38 (-0.43%) Volume 1.6M Open $88.51 High $88.51 Low $87.05 P/E Ratio 16 Div Yield 1.49 Market Cap 12.7B LatestNews
Wednesday , November 16 2016 About Us Advertise With Us Contact ARAB TIMES THE FIRST ENGLISH LANGUAGE DAILY IN FREE KUWAIT Home Kuwait Kuwait Crime International Business Sports Opinion Ahmed Al Jarallah Khalaf Ahmad Al Habtoor Ali Ahmed Al-Baghli Khaled Aljenfawi Yousef Awadh Al-Azmi Insight Ahmed Al Jarallah Ali Ahmed Al-Baghli Insight Khalaf Ahmad Al Habtoor Khaled Aljenfawi Yousef Awadh Al-Azmi Reconsider democracy 3 days ago Trump quake 6 days ago To the candidates: ‘rope of lies’ short 7 days ago El-Sisi … and measures on how to fish 1 week ago O Fintas coast … O Oxford Street!! 6 days ago What a beautiful red eye! 2 weeks ago The Jungle … promised land … Trump Kuwaiti!! 3 weeks ago Lesser of ‘two evils’, but who would dare? 4 weeks ago Deadly bribery, nepotism 19 hours ago Openness vs protectiveness in building ‘knowledge economy’ 19 hours ago Me and the Interior Ministry 2 days ago Clear-cut message to all – ‘Join world for peace’ 6 days ago Trump deserves a chance 3 days ago To Obama’s successor 2 weeks ago Arabs losing ground to Iran in lobbying stakes 2 weeks ago UAE a world leader – Safety, tolerance … innovation 4 weeks ago ‘Govt should impose blanket ban on the entry of criminals’ – ‘Increase raids, arrest illegals’ 20/06/2016 ‘Righteousness, decency can be acquired by any person’ – ‘God created man as one’ 13/06/2016 ‘Inbred intolerance tough to overcome in Mideast’ 06/06/2016 ‘Petty criminals cannot tarnish residents image’ – ‘Deport law-breaking expats’ 30/05/2016 The Arab culture crisis 6 days ago ‘Smart phones shrink world’ – ‘Live and let live’ 3 weeks ago Politics minefield of risks – ‘Public opinion biggest lie’ 4 weeks ago ‘Companies have vital role in development of society’ – ‘All must chip in’ 06/09/2016 Legal Clinic Entertainment Health E-Paper Adverts Kuwait Airways unveils new livery on Boeing 777-300ER – Transformation to reassert pioneering legacy: Al-Roumi 3 weeks ago Photo during the launching of Kuwait Airways’ new livery on the first of ten new Boeing 777-300ERs SEATTLE, Oct 23: Kuwait Airways unveiled its new livery on the first of ten new Boeing 777-300ERs that will enter commercial service with the airline over the next 12 months, at an official launch event held at Boeing Commercial Airplanes’ Headquarters, in Seattle, USA. The new livery, considered a “once in a generation” revision, follows Kuwait Airways’ recent announcement of its new fiveyear business plan made earlier in September of this year. The new livery and delivery of the Boeing 777-300ERs mark the airline’s first major steps towards achieving the goals it set out in its “Transformation Strategy”. Officials believe that the acquisition of the Boeing 777-300ERs into the fleet is a game-changer and will play an immediate and significant role in serving its long-haul destinations and foster the opening of new routes. The branding change, more than just a cosmetic upgrade, hopes to send a clear message to passengers, stakeholders and the communityat- large, of the change that is undergoing across and throughout the whole operation and organization of the airline. For this, the fresh and dynamic look will also be reflected in Kuwait Airways’ comprehensive approach to delivering on all areas of “operational, commercial and service excellence” Launch “The launch of our new livery is an unreservedly clear statement-ofintent,” said Mrs Rasha Al-Roumi, Chairperson and CEO of Kuwait Airways.“While the outward change to our aircraft will be obvious, we also hope to demonstrate that a much deeper and thorough transformation process is underway; one that will reassert our pioneering legacy in the region’s aviation industry and restore a sense of pride in the national carrier of Kuwait. Ultimately, such changes will be in pursuit of asserting our position as the preferred choice for passengers, linking Kuwait to the world,” Al-Roumi added. The new logo retains a revision of the iconic blue bird, but is now more prominently displayed on the body of the aircraft from the tail and across the rear end of the plane. Its two-tonal blues symbolize a meeting of the sea and sky, signifying the point at which new horizons will be crossed, juxtaposed with the subtle inclusion of the pearl designs in a nod to Kuwait’s historic maritime and trading roots. “While a new livery change and the delivery of our first Boeing 777-300ER demonstrate a clear and new direction, it should be said that Kuwait Airways consider the human element is the main factor of any success and that dedication and commitment to our passengers remains unchanged. We will, therefore, deepen our commitment in our areas of strength, act on the areas we can improve on and, going forward, maintain a consistent delivery of service excellence across all areas of the business,” Al-Roumi concluded. Kuwait Airways, the national carrier, was founded in 1953 as a private company with 50% owned by the Kuwaiti government making it the oldest one-state official carrier, in the Arabian Gulf region. In 1962, the Kuwaiti government became the sole owner of the airline. On 21st October 2013, Kuwait Airways officially became a joint stock company. Kuwait Airways’ current fleet of 22 aircraft includes seven A320- 200CEO, five A330, four A340-300, three A330-200, two Boeing 777-200 and one Boeing 747-400.In 2016, Kuwait Airways announced its fiveyear transformation plan, in order to re-establish the legacy and pride of the national carrier of the State of Kuwait, as the preferred airline linking Kuwait to the world. In 2015, Kuwait Airways announced its decision to upgrade its fleet and ordered ten Boeing 777- 300ER, fifteen A330neo and ten A350. The addition of the 10 new Boeing 777-300ERs by the fourth quarter of 2017 will see the airline develop into owning one of the youngest commercial fleet, in the region. “We are really proud of the Boeing 777 and all it offers passengers and the operators. But we are even more thrilled when we talk about the role the 777 aircraft pays in our customer success. It is a huge honour for us that the first 777- 300 ER for Kuwait Airways was chosen as the first aircraft to carry the new Kuwait Airways brand. Boeing is honoured to be part of this very significant transformation. The 777- 300 ER is ideally suited to be the flagship for Kuwait Airways and as the airline expands its fleet and network,” Elizabeth H. Lund Vice President of the 777 Programme stated. She continued, “The 777 has the longest range capability for any commercial airplane and leads the industry in passenger experience. The beautiful 777 with the new and fresh livery is representative of the future of Kuwait airways and the new interior is even more extraordinary than the outside and it will provide a passenger experience like no other in the world.” The Boeing 777 series is the market leader with a staggering 1,587 planes ordered of which more than 163 airplanes currently in backlog. Boeing builds and delivers more than8 777s a month in the largest building in the world by volume. The 777-300ER is the newest generation 777 of which more than 800 have been ordered since entry into service. The 777-300ER is the largest twin-engine airplane in the world and allows airlines to carry 10 to 45% more passengers than competing airplanes with Class Leading Reliability at 99.5%. The standard configuration of the airplane is 73.9 m in length with a maximum takeoff weight of 351,530 kg and total Cargo Volume of 201.6 m3. It can cover a range of 13,650 km at a cruise speed of Mach0.84 and carry up to 396 passengers. The First Class Configuration will feature 80 degree pitched, full flatbed seats 26” wide, private suites, Dining Facility, 24” screen, Full aisle access. Meanwhile, the Business Class Configuration will feature 64 degree inclined 22” seats and 16” screen. The Economy Class will include 35 or 32/33 degree pitch seating with 11” screens. Power supply, Wi-Fi and GSM service will be available throughout the aircraft. By Cinatra Fernandes Arab Times Staff Share kuwait airways 2016-10-23 Arab Times Previous Weekends and public holidays deductions Next ‘Kuwait keen to support’ issues linked with water’ – MPW inks KD 317.7m repairs deals Related Articles KAC in action – Comeback eyed 1 week ago Kuwait Airways in Manila to hire over 200 Pinoy workers – ‘Philippines target because of education, customer experience 2 weeks ago Several MPs condemn transfer of some Kuwait Airways pilots to govt sector 08/10/2016 Loopholes in executive bylaws uncovered – MP raps irregularities in KAC affairs 30/06/2016 Direct flights from Kuwait to US said to face suspension 22/06/2016 Bag containing diplomatic passport ‘delays’ flight by two hours to Dubai – Pilot orders another inspection of passengers 05/06/2016 Check Also Kuwait Airways makes changes to its weight and luggage rules – KPC grants SAB access to Oracle system KUWAIT CITY, May 17: Kuwait Airways Corporation (KAC) made vital changes to its rules on … E – Paper Most Popular Regulations for new electricity and water tariffs soon Saudi Arabia implements new visit visa fee, including maids Revenge, says Arab man arrested for trying to rape his Sister-in-law Securitymen nab stuntman after chase New born baby in Kuwait and Salary cap for dependent visa Jordanian teachers quit their jobs Hawalli securitymen ‘arrest’ citizen for murdering his wife Indian Embassy says doesn’t accept, exchange demonetized bank notes - ‘Rs 500 and Rs 1000’ Two Romanian prostitutes charging KD 400 nabbed 13th Nov Login Remember Me Register Lost your password? © Copyright 2016, Arab Times Kuwait - All Rights Reserved
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times DJIA ▲ 18923.06 0.29%   S&P 500 ▲ 2180.39 0.75%   Nasdaq ▲ 5275.62 1.10%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ 0/32 yield 2.221%   Crude Oil ▲ 45.70 -0.24%   Euro ▲ 1.0721 -0.01%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In Snapchat Parent Starts IPO Process October Internet Attack Targeted PlayStation Network, Researchers Say China Consumer Group Reports Problems With iPhones Shoppers Ramp Up Spending Ahead of Key Holiday Shopping Season Wal-Mart Tells Workers: Don’t Download Labor Group’s Chat App Gap Names Former Kraft Finance Chief as Next CFO Ford CEO Wary of Trump’s Talk About Tariffs and Nafta Legal Damages Upheld in Fatal Jeep Fire Intel Courts Autonomous-Car Makers Boeing To Cut Defense Jobs VW, Audi May Face Higher Costs From Emissions Issues Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Business Rockwell Collins Targets Smart Planes With B/E Aerospace Deal Acquisition would lift Rockwell into elite tier of supplies to Airbus, Boeing By Doug Cameron Doug Cameron The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographyDoug Cameron @dougcameron Doug.Cameron@dowjones.com Oct. 23, 2016 3:33 p.m. ET Rockwell Collins Inc. is making a big bet on connecting aircraft to the internet at 35,000 feet with its deal to pay $6.4 billion for B/E Aerospace Inc., the world’s biggest maker of plane seats. The deal would lift Rockwell into the elite tier of suppliers to Airbus Group SE and Boeing Co. as the plane makers boost production on a $1.5 trillion backlog of new jets built up during a seven-year “super cycle”. Buying B/E... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos Conway: ‘The Excuse of Divided Government Is Over’ How Trump Won the Presidency Jaguar's Electric Concept Has Tesla in Its Headlights Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment Apple MacBook Pro Review: Living With Tradeoffs Most Popular Articles Christie Ally Exits Trump Team as Carson Spurns Offer Opinion: A Clinton-Free Democratic Party How to Reconcile With Family and Friends After the Election Donald Trump Scores Legal Win in China Trademark Dispute Yuan Slides to Lowest Level in Nearly Eight Years Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
null
null
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times DJIA ▲ 18923.06 0.29%   S&P 500 ▲ 2180.39 0.75%   Nasdaq ▲ 5275.62 1.10%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ 0/32 yield 2.221%   Crude Oil ▲ 45.70 -0.24%   Euro ▲ 1.0721 -0.01%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In Snapchat Parent Starts IPO Process October Internet Attack Targeted PlayStation Network, Researchers Say China Consumer Group Reports Problems With iPhones Shoppers Ramp Up Spending Ahead of Key Holiday Shopping Season Wal-Mart Tells Workers: Don’t Download Labor Group’s Chat App Gap Names Former Kraft Finance Chief as Next CFO Ford CEO Wary of Trump’s Talk About Tariffs and Nafta Legal Damages Upheld in Fatal Jeep Fire Intel Courts Autonomous-Car Makers Boeing To Cut Defense Jobs VW, Audi May Face Higher Costs From Emissions Issues Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Business Rockwell Collins to Buy B/E Aerospace for $6.4 Billion The deal would unite two of the global aerospace industry’s biggest suppliers By Doug Cameron, Doug Cameron The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographyDoug Cameron @dougcameron Doug.Cameron@dowjones.com Dana Mattioli and Dana Mattioli The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographyDana Mattioli @DanaMattioli dana.mattioli@wsj.com Dana Cimilluca Dana Cimilluca The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographyDana Cimilluca @danacimilluca Dana.Cimilluca@wsj.com Updated Oct. 23, 2016 4:13 p.m. ET Rockwell Collins Inc. agreed to pay $6.4 billion to buy B/E Aerospace Inc. in a deal that would unite two of the biggest suppliers to airlines and plane makers. The proposed deal, confirmed by the companies on Sunday, continues the consolidation of the aerospace industry over the past two years as suppliers adjust to pressures from Airbus Group SE and Boeing Co. to cut costs. The deal requires approvals by regulators and... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos Conway: ‘The Excuse of Divided Government Is Over’ How Trump Won the Presidency Jaguar's Electric Concept Has Tesla in Its Headlights Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment Apple MacBook Pro Review: Living With Tradeoffs Most Popular Articles Christie Ally Exits Trump Team as Carson Spurns Offer Opinion: A Clinton-Free Democratic Party How to Reconcile With Family and Friends After the Election Donald Trump Scores Legal Win in China Trademark Dispute Yuan Slides to Lowest Level in Nearly Eight Years Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.



Recent Posts Amir reiterates commitment to combat climate change Barred candidate claims election could be delayed 8-hour ban on travelers return overruled Number of Indian nationals in Kuwait reaches 921,666 Egyptians’ remittances Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 Categories Africa Aisha Al Zabin America Asia Basketball Business Cartoon Conspiracy Theory Cricket Crime E-Paper Editor's Desk Elections 2016 Europe Fashion Football Haider Al Mosawi Hassan Al Mosawi Health Hello 965 Kuwait Legal Clinic Lifestyle Middle East Movies & Music Nathalie Basma NBA Noora S AlAskar Opinion Other News Other Sports Others Politics Real Fouz Rio 2016 Sports Subcontinent Technology Tennis Top Stories World Yalda Golsharifi Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Home Kuwait Elections 2016 Crime Other News Politics World Middle East Subcontinent Asia Africa America Europe Opinion Conspiracy Theory Editor’s Desk Others Business Haider Al Mosawi Sports Football Cricket NBA Tennis Other Sports Legalese Lifestyle Movies & Music Fashion Real Fouz Aisha Al Zabin Nathalie Basma Yalda Golsharifi Hassan Al Mosawi Hello 965 Technology E-Paper About Us Contact Us Rate Card Job Vacancies Kuwait Airways Chairperson tours Boeing factory ahead of new aircrafts delivery SEATTLE: Rasha Al-Roumi, Chairperson and CEO of Kuwait Airways meets with Elizabeth Lund, Vice-President and General Manager of the 777 program at Boeing. SEATTLE/KUWAIT: As part of a high-level delegation to Seattle, USA, ahead of the delivery of the first of 10 Boeing 777-300ERs, Rasha Al-Roumi, Chairperson and CEO of Kuwait Airways, the national carrier of the State of Kuwait, went on a tour of The Boeing factory at Everett, to look at the first of the new additions to the airline’s fleet. Roumi was given a tour of the Boeing factory and was also briefed on the progress of Kuwait Airways’ second Boeing 777-300ER currently being built. The first airplane is scheduled to be officially handed over by November 2016. Under the delivery agreement, Kuwait Airways will have all 10 aircraft delivered and in commercial service by Q3 2017. As part of her visit, Roumi met with Elizabeth Lund, Vice-President and General Manager of the 777 program. Lund leads the design, development, certification, production and delivery of all models of the Boeing 777 family of airplanes currently in production. While on the tour, the Kuwait Airways delegation was informed that Boeing is using the latest “moving line” production technologies and systems to build the airline’s 10 new aircrafts. This allows the airplane manufacturer to produce one 777-300ER – from start to finish – in just 46 working days. On completion of the tour, Roumi said: “We are delighted to be here in Seattle and to note the progress of both our first and second Boeing 777-300ERs . These new additions are in line with Kuwait Airways’ ‘Transformation Strategy’ that will see the airline have the youngest commercial airline fleet – in the world – by 2021 and offer a superior product for our passengers.” While the arrival of the Boeing 777-300ERs will improve Kuwait Airways’ fleet, the aircraft will also open up future possibilities for the airline to serve new, long-haul routes and destinations. This is part of the airline’s stated goal of becoming the “preferred airline linking Kuwait to the world.” Share This article was published on 23/10/2016 Most Read Railway project offered for bidding next year CBK re-issues first Kuwaiti coin ‘baiza’ New Saudi rules, fees for helpers, vehicles, cattle Egyptian duo held on visa forgery charges Dashti out of election race after final court ruling India banned cash without homework: Congress leader Court bars royal candidate, reinstates ex-MP Hashem Illegal Sponsorship & Absconding Jihadists say Trump's victory a rallying call for new recruits Crackdown on abuse of state lands off Seventh Ring Road Business Cartoon E-Paper Health Kuwait Legal Clinic Lifestyle Opinion Sports Technology Top Stories World About Us Contact Us Rate card 2016 RSS © 2016, ↑ Kuwait Times
null
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Latino Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Login Account You're logged in as   Profile Logout Search Site Home Video News Politics Money Opinion Entertainment Sports Health Lifestyle Español Colombia demands answers from Venezuela after near crash with military plane Published October 24, 2016 Fox News Latino AP Colombia wants answers as to why a Venezuelan military airplane flew so close to a passenger jet while causing a near collision late last week. A Boeing 787 belonging to Colombia's national airline, Avianca, flying from Madrid to Bogotá with some 200 passengers aboard was cruising at high altitude in Venezuelan airspace on Friday night when a military plane was spotted on radar a short distance away, the Colombian Defense Ministry said in a statement. The Avianca pilot, who notified Colombian aviation authorities about the plane, was forced to divert sharply from the flight path before the military aircraft peeled off. The jetliner resumed its course about four minutes later. Venezuelan air defense authorities told their Colombian counterparts that the military aircraft was on a routine patrol; however, Colombia’s Defense Minister wants a better answer. Luis Carlos Villegas, who discussed the incident with Venezuela’s Defense Minister, Gen. Vladimir Padrino on Saturday, said he has asked his country’s Foreign Ministry to demand a formal explanation for the “routine patrol.” The Colombian Defense Ministry said the two men did agree to strengthen their early warning communications systems. Venezuelan officials had not commented publicly on the incident, which comes during a tension-filled standoff between the country's President Nicolás Maduro and his opponents over the government's decision to suspend a recall referendum against the embattled socialist leader. Maduro frequently accuses neighboring Colombia of plotting with his critics to undermine his rule. Relations between the two nations have been hit by a number of crises over the past decade as Venezuela has taken on a more leftist, anti-American role in the region, something that sets the country in opposition to Colombia's traditionally staunch support for the United States. Maduro, who is on a multi-nation tour of the Middle East, personally ordered an investigation, the Colombian Defense Ministry said. Avianca briefly halted flights to Caracas and said it would reroute several flights to avoid Venezuelan airspace. But on Saturday it issued a statement saying it would resume flights to Venezuela on Sunday “following clarifications between the governments of Colombia and Venezuela.” Colombians across the political spectrum expressed alarm, attributing political overtones to the incident. "These maneuvers put in serious risk the lives of the passengers on the plane," said Rodrigo Lara, president of the Radical Change party. "It's more evidence of the unpredictability of Nicolás Maduro's government." Avianca is one of the few foreign airlines still serving Caracas after a number of carriers slashed service or stopped selling tickets in the country because Maduro's government, facing a severe cash crunch triggered by low oil prices, hasn't allowed the companies to repatriate some $3.8 billion in funds held in the country. The Associated Press and EFE contributed to this report. Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter & Instagram   Print   Email   Share   Comments Recommend Tweet Related Slideshow Kids with Zika in Brazil aging with severe microcephaly issues Best pix of the week Photographer Rodrigo Abd honored for his unique view on social issues Keeping track of promises made by big food companies A look back at Colombia's 52-year-old civil war Thousands brave rain and come out to decry violence against women Colombians react to news of peace deal Share This Article View Article Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. You must login to comment. View Article Follow Fox News Latino Get Our Free Newsletter Newsletter Signup   Advertisement Advertisement Also on the web 'Making a Murderer' Star -- State's Last-Ditch Effort to Keep Him Locked Up Joanna Krupa -- Sues Strip Club ... I'm No Cheap Thrill! (PHOTO) French Montana & Nick Young -- Same Restaurant, Same Night ... Is Beef On The Menu?? (VIDEO) Von Miller -- Scrambles to Block Cancun Sex Tape ... I'm Being Extorted for Millions Keshia Knight Pulliam Divorce -- Ex Says He's Paid in Full ... She's Thirsty for Attention #SquadGoals: La Boriqueña's New BFF is a Chinese-Dominicana Unapologetic: How Mainstream Feminism Ignores Latinas Exclusive: 'DREAMer of the Year' Dascha Polanco Talks Giving Back to Her Community Trump's America: Why "We, The People" Never Included You Get The Look: Gabrielle Ruiz's Hollywood Hot List Glam Este software de RV te permite explorar imágenes al estilo ‘Minority Report’ ¿En busca de un refrigerador? Estos son los mejores en el mercado Esta joya de Nissan debutará en L.A. esta misma semana Nuevos productos de Adidas son hechos de plástico reciclado Compite en los 21 circuitos con el F1 2016 para Android, iOS y tvOS Sections Home Video News Politics Opinion Entertainment Sports Health Lifestyle Money Español About New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Statement Ad Choices Contact Us Careers College Students Networking   Facebook   Twitter   RSS This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2016 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Business Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Marketplace Shopping DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search Business Real Estate Airlines Retail Health Care Technology Energy Top 100 Workplaces Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART DMN Contributors Network Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person News Commentary North Dallas Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close Staff Photographer If Raytheon's McKinney division wins Air Force jet work, it'll build them in Mississippi Filed under Technology at Oct 24 Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Associated Press Connect with Associated Press Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Raytheon Co . says that if it gets an Air Force contract to build 350 training jets, its assembly plant will be in Mississippi. The Waltham, Massachusetts-based defense and technology company announced Monday that it has a shovel-ready site in Meridian. Raytheon's space and airborne systems division headquarters is in McKinney. "We anticipate the Meridian facility will create hundreds of new jobs," spokesman B.J. Boling said in an email. A Raytheon radar factory in Forest, Mississippi, has about 800 employees, according to a news release from Mississippi's congressional delegation. Three other international partnerships are competing: Northrop Grumman Corp. and BAE Systems; Boeing and Saab AB; and Lockheed Martin and Korean Aerospace Industries Ltd. Raytheon's principal partners are Leonardo-Finmeccanica, CAE USA and Honeywell Aerospace. The Air Force has said it expects to award contracts next fall. It is expected to formally ask for proposals in December, Boling wrote. Boeing and Northrop Grumman say they have built all-new planes for the competition. Lockheed Martin and Raytheon say their entries are upgrades of existing planes. The Air Force released requirements for what it calls the T-X trainer project in March. The current trainer, Northrop Grumman's T-38, was first built in 1961. It can be used to teach only six of 18 advanced pilot training tasks, and fewer than 75 percent of the 431 planes are usable, the Air Force said. "New, cutting-edge training aircraft are critical to our national security, and I am confident that Mississippi workers can help provide those planes," U.S. Sen. Thad Cochran, a Republican and chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee and its defense subcommittee, said in the delegation's news release. "I look forward to this competition and I am excited that Meridian may play an expanded role in defense of our nation." Other members of Mississippi's delegation were equally enthusiastic. "Mississippi's talent base is as skilled and prepared for high-tech manufacturing jobs as any in the nation and this is further proof of that," said Rep. Bennie G. Thompson, a Democrat. View Comments Tags Technology Business McKinney Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to Business More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2016, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
News | Politics 16 Nov 2016 13:12 | outlook hotmail | yahoo mail | gmail | news | weather | finance | shopping | about nzcity | NZCity News SEARCH  SearchNZ forNZ Web sites for NZ Jobs forNZ Domain Names forNZ News forNewsLinks forthe White Pages forthe Yellow Pages forGoogle forLycos forYahoo forBing for Start Page Personalise    News Top Stories Business Sports Politics Health & Safety Law and Order Technology Education Living & Travel Entertainment Motoring Environment National International Accidents Maori Rural Local Politics Sport Weather Olympic Games Finance Shopping Jobs Horoscopes Lotto Results Photo Gallery Site Gallery TVNow Dating SearchNZ NZSearch Crime.co.nz RugbyLeague Make Home About NZCity Contact NZCity Your Privacy Advertising Login Join for Free   Home > News > Politics PM should fly Air NZ: NZ First Prime Minister John Key should consider flying commercially with Air New Zealand instead of spending money on a new Defence Force plane, New Zealand First says. 25 October 2016 Air New Zealand Prime Minister John Key should consider chartering an Air New Zealand flight or buying a seat instead of replacing the broken down New Zealand Air Force plane he uses for international travel, New Zealand First says. The use of two 23-year-old Boeing 757-200s have again come under scrutiny from deputy leader Ron Mark after one broke down en route to India where Mr Key is set to hold a number of high level meetings, including with his counterpart Narendra Modi. The Boeing was scheduled for only brief stopover in Australia but developed mechanical problems in Townsville meaning Mr Key and his delegation was forced to stay the night and wait for a replacement plane. It has been slated for replacement, but Mr Mark says the Defence Force shouldn't have to foot the bill. "If the Prime Minister wants 'PM 1' then his own department should fund the $140 million it will cost for something like an Airbus A320 instead of the New Zealand Defence Force," he said. "Alternatively, we have an award-winning state airline that can do that job by charter or by buying a seat like the rest of us." Mr Mark said the plane flew just 571 flight hours between January 2013 and September 2015, a fifth of what a commercial plane would do. "It sounds counter-intuitive, but aircraft are much easier to maintain if they're kept flying than sitting on the tarmac," he said, highlighting his concerns about commercial jets flying too few hours in military service. It's not the first time in recent months the PM has had plane trouble. One of the 757s was grounded for several hours in Laos last month after Mr Key attended the East Asia Summit. The plane was flown to Guam for repairs while Mr Key attended the Pacific Islands Forum before returning to New Zealand. NZN >> More Politics News  © 2016 NZN, NZCity  Other Politics News  16 Nov: Internet freedom experiences worldwide decline for sixth year in a row: Freedom House  16 Nov: John Key on another mission to Kaikoura  15 Nov: Brexit: UK Government has no plan to exit European Union, leaked memo reveals  15 Nov: Statistics chief baffled by quake damage  14 Nov: Devastating quake wrecks road and rail  14 Nov: India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi pleads for patience as cash-crunch suffering worsens  14 Nov: Asylum seekers: Malcolm Turnbull downplays concerns Donald Trump may reverse refugee resettlement deal  Top Stories RUGBY Ireland launch 2023 RWC bid More... BUSINESS Genesis to buy $168m Kupe field stake More...  Today's News Law and Order: Mystery police incident closes SH2 13:07 Entertainment: Perrie Edwards feels sexiest in the morning because she "hasn't eaten" 12:46 Rugby League: Strong start essential for Kiwis 12:27 Entertainment: Kelly Clarkson treated her children to a "magical" trip to DisneyWorld Florida 12:16 Business: Genesis to buy $168m Kupe field stake 11:57 Entertainment: Marion Cotillard thinks Brad Pitt is "a good man" 11:46 International: Trump supporters watching closely for delivery of key election promises 11:37 Entertainment: Anna Kendrick thought only a "couple of nerds" would watch 'Pitch Perfect' 11:16 Rugby League: Meninga undecided on Thaiday replacement 11:07 Cricket: Hesson backs NZ batsmen against Pakistan 10:47  News Search Politics NZ News NewsLinks NZ Web Power Search © 2016 New Zealand City Ltd
Skip to main content (Press Enter). Toggle navigation U.S. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE U.S. DOD Search Search Search Home Secretary Carter Secretary Carter's Page Biography Portrait Speeches Transcripts Photos Videos Travel Today in DoD About DoD Leaders Biographies Office of the Secretary of Defense Insignias Officers Enlisted DoD 101 Top Issues Targeted Operations Against ISIL Terrorists Force of the Future Science and Technology FY 2017 Budget Proposal Asia-Pacific Rebalance Operation Atlantic Resolve News Press Advisories News Releases News Articles Publications Transcripts Speeches Casualty Status (PDF) Contracts Special Reports Badges and Passes RSS Other News Sources Media Lead Photo Gallery Photo Essays Week in Photos Videos DVIDS DoD Live Blog Trademarks Military Service Seals Imagery Archive DoD Flickr Secretary of Defense Flickr Deputy Secretary of Defense Flickr Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Flickr Military Services Joint Chiefs of Staff U.S. Army U.S. Marine Corps U.S. Navy U.S. Air Force National Guard U.S. Coast Guard Unified Combatant Commands A-Z List Resources Popular DoD Resources Contact DoD Frequently Asked Questions Available Jobs Within DoD Website Feedback Developer Info Apps Gallery DoD Information Quality Guidelines Principles of Information Register A Site HomeNewsContractsContract View Contracts Press Operations Release No: CR-204-16 Oct. 24, 2016 PRINT  |  E-MAIL CONTRACTS   DEFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY   The Boeing Co., St. Louis, Missouri, has been awarded a maximum $196,691,034 firm-fixed-price delivery order (5028) against a five-year base contract (SPRPA1-14-D-002U) with one five-year option period for F/A-18 aircraft spare parts. This was a sole-source acquisition using justification 10 U.S. Code 2304 (c)(1). Location of performance is Missouri, with a Dec. 30, 2019, performance completion date. Using military service is Navy. Type of appropriation is fiscal 2017 through fiscal 2019 Navy working capital funds. The contracting activity is the Defense Logistics Agency Aviation, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.   Robertson Fuel Systems, Tempe, Arizona, has been awarded a $16,720,000 delivery order (0001) against basic ordering agreement SPRPA1-16-G-001V for MH-60R Seahawk aircraft spare parts. This is a sole-source acquisition using justification 10 U.S. Code 2304(c)(1). Location of performance is Arizona, with a Dec. 31, 2018, performance completion date. Using military service is Navy. Type of appropriation is fiscal 2015 through fiscal 2017 Navy aircraft spares and repair parts funding. The contracting activity is the Defense Logistics Agency Aviation, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.   Oceanic Medical Products Inc.,* Atchison, Kansas, has been awarded a maximum $15,000,000 firm-fixed-price contract for a portable field anesthesia machine, anesthesia service kits and their related accessories. This is a five-year contract with no option periods. This was a competitive acquisition with 84 responses received. Location of performance is Kansas, with an Oct. 20, 2021, performance completion date. Using military service is Army. Type of appropriation is fiscal 2017 through fiscal 2021 defense working capital funds. The contracting activity is the Defense Logistics Agency Troop Support, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania (SPE2D1-17-D-0004).   ARMY   Zodiac-Poettker Joint Venture LLC,* Chesterfield, Missouri, was awarded a $26,340,224 firm-fixed-price contract for construction of phase one of the Air Force Reserve Command consolidated mission complex on Robins Air Force Base.  Bids were solicited via the Internet with five received. Work will be performed at Warner Robins Air Force Base, Georgia, with an estimated completion date of April 27, 2018.  Military construction fiscal 2013, 2014 and 2015 funds in the amounts of $949,248; $626,357; $24,764,620; respectively, were obligated at the time of the award.  Army Corps of Engineers, Louisville, Kentucky, is the contracting activity (W912QR-17-C-0001).   BAE Systems Ordnance Systems Inc., Kingsport, Tennessee, was awarded a $7,189,680 modification (P00607) to contract DAAA09-98-E-0006 to award insensitive munitions ingredients production facility in building G8 phase two, part two, at Holston Army Ammunition Plant.  Work will be performed in Kingsport, Tennessee, with an estimated completion date of Aug. 31, 2018.  Fiscal 2016 other funds in the amount of $7,189,680 were obligated at the time of the award.  Army Contracting Command, Rock Island, Illinois, is the contracting activity.   NAVY   Lockheed Martin Corp., Moorestown, New Jersey, is being awarded an $11,815,569 cost-plus-fixed fee, indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity modification to a previously awarded contract (N63394-13-D-1301) to incorporate an additional quantity of labor hours procured under the basic contract in accordance with the maximum quantity limitations identified in the contract.  The work to be performed will provide engineering and logistics support for life-cycle maintenance of the MK 92 Fire Control System (FCS) to the U. S, and foreign military sales customers.  Current tasking is to support the Polish Navy and the Royal Saudi Naval Forces in their overhaul and installation effort of the MK 92 FCS installed on their ships.  Work will be performed in Huntsville, Alabama (80 percent); and Moorestown, New Jersey (20 percent), and is expected to be completed by June 2017.  No funds are being obligated at the time of award.  Foreign military sales funding will be obligated via individual task orders awarded against the contract.  The Naval Surface Warfare Center, Port Hueneme, California, is the contracting activity.   Offshore Service Vessels LLC, Galliano, Louisiana, is awarding a $9,471,750 modification under a previously awarded firm-fixed-price contract (N00033-13-C-2001) to fund the fourth, one-year option period.  The option will continue to provide U.S. flagged vessel M/V C-Champion, for maritime security operations in support of Commander, Special Operations Command Pacific in accordance with the terms of the charter.  The vessel is capable of deployment to worldwide locations. Work will be performed worldwide and is expected to be completed by Sept. 30, 2017.  Fiscal 2017 working capital funds (Navy) in the amount of $9,471,750 will be obligated at the time of award.  Funds will not expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  Military Sealift Command, Norfolk, Virginia, is the contracting activity (N00033-13-C-2001).   *Small business News News Articles Posted 07/24/2015 Casualty Releases Posted 07/24/2015 Press Advisories Posted 07/24/2015 News Transcripts Posted 07/24/2015 Publications Posted 07/24/2015 Speeches Posted 07/24/2015 Contracts Posted 07/24/2015 Testimony Posted 07/24/2015 Messages Posted 07/24/2015 Special Reports Posted 07/24/2015 Secretary of Defense Biography Posted 07/24/2015 Speeches Posted 07/24/2015 Testimony Posted 07/24/2015 Photos Posted 07/24/2015 Deputy Secretary of Defense Biography Posted 07/24/2015 Speeches Posted 07/24/2015 Photos Posted 07/24/2015 Photos/Videos Photo Essays Posted 07/24/2015 Week in Photos Posted 07/24/2015 DoD Video News Posted 07/24/2015 Other Pentagon Press Badges Posted 07/24/2015 Press/Media Queries Posted 07/24/2015 Military Commissions Posted 07/24/2015 Other News Sources Posted 07/24/2015 Recent Contracts Contracts for 11/15/2016 Contracts for 11/14/2016 Contracts for 11/10/2016 Contracts for 11/09/2016 Contracts for 11/08/2016 Contracts for 11/07/2016 Contracts for 11/04/2016 Contracts for 11/03/2016 Contracts for 11/02/2016 Contracts for 11/01/2016 Quick Links Quick Links DoD Sites Contact Us DVIDS Available Jobs within DoD Privacy and Security Links Disclaimer Inspector General Recovery Act DoD Section 508 Join the Military Web Policy No FEAR Act Resources FOIA Site Map Plain Writing Act Limitations of Visual Information MILITARY SERVICES UNIFIED COMBATANT COMMANDS Stay Connected
Back To Top[*] Boeing takes on peers, partners in bid for replacement parts business Oct. 25, 2016 - 06:00AM JST In search of higher profits margins, Boeing Co is aiming to win more of the lucrative market for replacement parts and repair services, pitting the plane maker against major suppliers who view that growing $62 billion a year market as their turf. Boeing told Reuters it has added 35,000 parts to stocks it positions around the world to serve airlines in the last year, after analyzing its vast store of aircraft data to see where the parts will be needed. It has also cut prices on 24,000 parts to be more competitive, and it is expanding training and other services. Boeing is trying to capture more profit from spare parts made under license by suppliers as well. To get there, it is producing some new parts in house to gain control over repairs, and sifting its databases to help airlines predict when planes will need service. The maker of such flagship jets as the 787 Dreamliner and top-selling 737 has been building its aftermarket business for years. But as demand for planes has slowed over the last 18 months, Boeing is now turning more aggressively to spare parts and services to help meet its own ambitious targets of doubling overall margins to the mid-teens by 2020. The main reason: a dollar of added aftermarket sales is more valuable than a dollar of new aircraft sales. Boeing’s aftermarket sales have risen over the last three years and are outpacing the 4.5 percent growth of the broad aftermarket, Dennis Floyd, vice president of services strategy and business development at Boeing, told Reuters. “That means we’re taking market share,” he said. Boeing’s effort is ratcheting up competition with many of its biggest suppliers, including Honeywell International Inc, United Technologies Corp and Rockwell Collins Inc, and repair operations such as Delta Air Lines Inc Technical Operations and Lufthansa Technik - which are all taking action to defend their lucrative franchises. Aftermarket sales typically offer margins of 20 percent or more - which makes expanding its presence in that market crucial to Boeing’s effort to hit Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg’s overall profitability goal, analysts say. Boeing doesn’t break out aftermarket revenue, and has not publicly discussed its aftermarket strategy in detail. Analysts estimate parts and services generate about $15 billion a year, or nearly 16 percent of Boeing’s $96 billion in annual sales, split roughly evenly between its commercial aircraft and defense businesses. Industry experts say Boeing aims to more than triple aftermarket sales to as much as $50 billion over the next 10 years. Boeing declined to confirm a specific target, but the company’s “leadership has set high aspirations,” Floyd said. “We are investing heavily into these businesses.” Boeing has logged its largest number of orders for its “GoldCare” aircraft maintenance service this year, and now counts 60 customers and 2,200 planes in the program. “We’re seeing the returns on these investments,” Floyd said. Boeing partners with the likes of Honeywell Aerospace to do some repairs. But both are trying to increase their own sales of repairs and parts to airlines. That’s why the two manufacturing heavyweights are “competimates,” said Mike Beazley, vice president of aftermarket sales at Honeywell. “There’s a segment of the market that will pay a premium to deal with one company” through Boeing GoldCare, he said. But many “would still like to have a direct relationship with the biggest suppliers.” At Honeywell Aerospace’s 360,000 square-foot aftermarket center in Phoenix, the largest of its 40 repair stations around the globe, Andrew Newingham recently circled a small auxiliary aircraft engine on his workbench. As a robotic voice called out questions and Newingham answered, a computer logged details about what work the engine needed, reducing to minutes what was formerly an hours-long task involving paper checklists and typing on a computer. Honeywell aims to cut engine repair times to 20 calendar days or less, and offers upgrades and enhancements when engines come in for repairs. “What keeps us competitive and allows us to win new business is being able to offer speed,” said Steve Foust, senior plant director. Repair organizations also are reacting as Boeing and its European rival Airbus Group SE try to grab business. Boeing partners with Lufthansa Technik on some services. But it also undercuts Lufthansa on others. Low-cost, long-haul airline Norwegian Air Shuttle ASA , for example, considered several service groups, including Lufthansa Technik. In the end it picked GoldCare to maintain its 737 MAX and 787 jets, Asgeir Nyseth, chief operating officer of Norwegian Group, said in an interview. Boeing’s service “was the cheapest one,” he said, adding Norwegian benefited from the increased competition Boeing provided. Boeing and Airbus “have the advantage that they can combine an after-sale service package with the sale of the aircraft,” said Lufthansa Technik’s Frank Berweger, senior vice president of corporate sales for the Americas. In part to counter the aircraft makers, Lufthansa Technik plans to quadruple investment in research and product development to 200 million euros ($219.52 million) to 2018 from 2015, on top of increased spending on tooling and training to service new Boeing and Airbus jetliner types. Engine repairs make up nearly half of the service market, but those are largely beyond the reach of Boeing or Airbus. Engine makers such as General Electric Co and Pratt & Whitney locked up their aftermarket more than a decade ago. Kevin Michaels, president of consulting firm AeroDynamic Advisory, says Boeing will find it difficult to capture $50 billion in services revenue annually—not to mention making a profit—given the strength of some of the suppliers and specialist service companies. “Boeing has to be agile and cost competitive enough to win business from established players,” Michaels said. “They need to be entrepreneurial. That’s a challenge.”  Back To Top[*] Switch to full browser version © 2016 GPlusMedia
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Rockwell sees big sales gains from $6.4 bln B/E Aero deal By Reuters Published: 14:03 EST, 24 October 2016 | Updated: 14:03 EST, 24 October 2016 e-mail By Alwyn Scott NEW YORK, Oct 24 (Reuters) - Aircraft electronics supplier Rockwell Collins said on Monday its $6.4 billion acquisition of interiors maker B/E Aerospace Inc will boost sales and spur new products, helping offset sluggish demand for equipment in new business and commercial jets. But investors and industry experts voiced skepticism about the deal, sending Rockwell's stock down 6.9 percent to $78.63, while B/E Aerospace shares rose 15.5 percent to $58.44, reflecting the bid premium. Rockwell's acquisition, announced on Sunday, would triple its sales of equipment in new-generation widebody jetliners such as the Boeing 787 and Airbus A350, and "nearly double our position in the narrowbodies," Chief Executive Officer Kelly Ortberg said on a conference call with analysts, referring to top-selling jets such as the Boeing 737 and Airbus A320. The companies have little product overlap, with Rockwell best known for avionics, flight controls and cabin connectivity, while B/E Aerospace is a major provider of aircraft seats, galleys, lighting and other systems. But Rockwell's plan to wire digital sensors and electronics into the galleys, lavatories and seats that B/E Aerospace drew some skepticism from industry experts. Lavatories and galleys are not items airlines typically use as selling points to customers. "If you're making a lavatory higher tech, it's got to improve customers experience or reduce cost," said Phil Toy, a managing director at aerospace consulting firm AlixPartners. The combination is expected to produce annual cost savings of $160 million, with 90 percent captured in the first full year, and provide a double-digit percentage boost to per-share earnings in the first full year, the companies said. Rockwell's acquisition - which is expected to be completed next spring - also underscores rising competition for lucrative aftermarket sales, which involves spare parts and services, a business that Boeing and Airbus also are pursuing. Cedar Rapids, Iowa-based Rockwell Collins could benefit as leases expire on numerous widebody aircraft and the planes need interior upgrades that B/E Aerospace provides. B/E Aerospace earned 40 percent of its 2015 revenue from aftermarket sales and 23 percent from business jet sales. Aftermarket sales also would help offset weakness in other parts of the combined company. Rockwell sees sales to business jet and regional jet makers falling 10 percent to 15 percent in fiscal year 2017. (Reporting by Alwyn Scott Ediitng by W Simon) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Clinton and a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame Looked stunning  'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      


Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Rockwell sees big sales gains from B/E Aero acquisition News TV Premier Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Rockwell sees big sales gains from B/E Aero acquisition Aircraft electronics supplier Rockwell Collins said on Monday its acquisition of B/E Aerospace Inc will triple its sales of equipment in new-generation widebody jetliners such as the Boeing 787 and Airbus A350. Posted 24 Oct 2016 22:00 Updated 24 Oct 2016 22:55 Cockpit equipment made by Rockwell Collins and used in a CH-47 Chinook helicopter is pictured at the ILA Berlin Air Show in Schoenefeld, south of Berlin, Germany, June 1, 2016. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch Enlarge Caption  Email More A A NEW YORK: Aircraft electronics supplier Rockwell Collins said on Monday its acquisition of B/E Aerospace Inc will triple its sales of equipment in new-generation widebody jetliners such as the Boeing 787 and Airbus A350. "And it will nearly double our position in the narrowbodies," Chief Executive Officer Kelly Ortberg said on a conference call with analysts, referring to top-selling jets such as the Boeing 737 and Airbus A320. The US$6.4 billion deal announced on Sunday would position Cedar Rapids, Iowa-based Rockwell Collins to benefit from anticipated demand growth in the aftermarket, which involves spare parts and service. For example, as leases expire on numerous widebody aircraft, planes will need the interior upgrades that B/E Aerospace provides. Aftermarket sales would help offset weakness in other parts of the combined company. Rockwell sees sales to business jet and regional jet makers falling 10 percent to 15 percent in fiscal year 2017. Sales to business jet manufacturers will fall 15 percent to 20 percent in fiscal year 2017, Ortberg said. The decline will be greater than the anticipated drop in business jet sales because of aircraft already in the production pipeline, he said. "There's pretty significant amount of inventory in the system," he said. B/E Aerospace earned 40 percent of its 2015 revenue from aftermarket sales, and 23 percent from business jet sales. Rockwell's acquisition - which is expected to be completed next spring - also underscores the rising competition for lucrative aftermarket sales, a business that Boeing and Airbus also are pursuing. (Reporting by Alwyn Scott Ediitng by W Simon) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2016 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Mittwoch, 16.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»Fitch: Basel Proposal Could Reduce Bank Funding for Aviation 24.10.2016 | 17:47 (32 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) Business Wire·Mehr Nachrichten von Business Wire Fitch: Basel Proposal Could Reduce Bank Funding for Aviation The Basel Committee on Banking Supervision's (Basel) proposal to eliminate the use of internal models for specialized lending could reduce bank funding as a financing source for aircraft lessors, unrated/lower-rated airlines and other secured borrowers, says Fitch Ratings. That said, the long lead time before implementation, opportunity for market participants to respond to the proposal, and diversity of aircraft financing sources offer multiple avenues to manage the potential impact. The proposal is part of broad reforms to the risk-weighted asset (RWA) framework, commonly referred to as the "Basel IV" reforms. These proposals would require banks to adopt either a revised standardized approach or supervisory slotting approach for object finance, which includes aircraft/shipping finance and commodities finance. Specialized lending describes forms of financing where the repayment of the bank loan depends on the cash flows generated by specific assets that are financed and pledged or assigned to the lender. Aircraft lessors, unrated/low-rated airlines and other secured borrowers could be more adversely affected than more highly rated unsecured borrowers under the current revised standardized approach proposals. An airline operator without security on an aircraft would get a lower risk weight (100%) than object financing with a first-lien on the aircraft (120%). The revised standardized approach proposals also do not differentiate among aircraft types, even though Fitch has found young/in-demand aircraft tend to remain more liquid and secondary market pricing is more predictable, even during times of economic distress. In response, the Aviation Working Group -- an organization of aircraft manufacturers, lessors and financial institutions -- noted in early 2016 letter that the flat risk weight for aircraft-backed loans is "vastly out of proportion with transactional risk and loss data." Manufacturers are prepared to continue lobbying behalf of banks, according to Airbus. Borrowers currently benefit from healthy access to aircraft financing from multiple sources, including the capital markets (unsecured notes, EETCs and ABS), commercial banks, insurance companies, and certain export credit agencies (ECAs). According to Boeing, bank debt represented 28% of $122 billion of commercial aviation financing in 2015 and is expected to represent 27% of $127 billion of financing in 2016. While Basel has yet to provide a final implementation date, Basel IV compliance is expected by the beginning of 2019. U.S. agencies have not yet signaled whether they will adopt the guidelines but have exhibited generally exhibited a highly conservative approach toward bank regulation post-crisis. Borrowers may use the transition period to further expand relationships with new lending vehicles should banks reduce their aviation lending appetite. Currently, banks do not appear to be materially reducing their specialized lending exposures because of regulatory requirements, but Fitch believes banks may expand their capital markets/syndication capabilities and focus more on rated corporate debt over time. This shift could be more pronounced for U.S. and European banks relative to Asian banks, which already tend to use the standardized approach for object finance. China and Japan are expected to be the two largest country sources of bank debt for commercial aircraft deliveries in 2016, according to Boeing, representing 29% and 15%, respectively. Asian banks have been active in the aviation industry for many years through lending and aircraft ownership. Aircraft finance is also growing business for Gulf Coast banks. One trend that may mitigate the impact of Basel's proposals is the continued ratification of the Cape Town Convention. The treaty has positively affected the aircraft finance industry, with ECAs granting a fee discount to borrowers in countries that have ratified the treaty. Certain ECAs and other non-banks may remain active even if banks reduce their aviation exposures. Additional information is available on www.fitchratings.com. The above article originally appeared as a post on the Fitch Wire credit market commentary page. The original article, which may include hyperlinks to companies and current ratings, can be accessed at www.fitchratings.com. All opinions expressed are those of Fitch Ratings. ALL FITCH CREDIT RATINGS ARE SUBJECT TO CERTAIN LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS. PLEASE READ THESE LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS BY FOLLOWING THIS LINK: HTTPS://WWW.FITCHRATINGS.COM/UNDERSTANDINGCREDITRATINGS. IN ADDITION, RATING DEFINITIONS AND THE TERMS OF USE OF SUCH RATINGS ARE AVAILABLE ON THE AGENCY'S PUBLIC WEB SITE AT WWW.FITCHRATINGS.COM. PUBLISHED RATINGS, CRITERIA, AND METHODOLOGIES ARE AVAILABLE FROM THIS SITE AT ALL TIMES. FITCH'S CODE OF CONDUCT, CONFIDENTIALITY, CONFLICTS OF INTEREST, AFFILIATE FIREWALL, COMPLIANCE, AND OTHER RELEVANT POLICIES AND PROCEDURES ARE ALSO AVAILABLE FROM THE CODE OF CONDUCT SECTION OF THIS SITE. FITCH MAY HAVE PROVIDED ANOTHER PERMISSIBLE SERVICE TO THE RATED ENTITY OR ITS RELATED THIRD PARTIES. DETAILS OF THIS SERVICE FOR RATINGS FOR WHICH THE LEAD ANALYST IS BASED IN AN EU-REGISTERED ENTITY CAN BE FOUND ON THE ENTITY SUMMARY PAGE FOR THIS ISSUER ON THE FITCH WEBSITE. Copyright 2016 by Fitch Ratings, Inc., Fitch Ratings Ltd. and its subsidiaries. 33 Whitehall Street, NY, NY 10004. Telephone: 1-800-753-4824, (212) 908-0500. Fax: (212) 480-4435. Reproduction or retransmission in whole or in part is prohibited except by permission. All rights reserved. In issuing and maintaining its ratings and in making other reports (including forecast information), Fitch relies on factual information it receives from issuers and underwriters and from other sources Fitch believes to be credible. Fitch conducts a reasonable investigation of the factual information relied upon by it in accordance with its ratings methodology, and obtains reasonable verification of that information from independent sources, to the extent such sources are available for a given security or in a given jurisdiction. The manner of Fitch's factual investigation and the scope of the third-party verification it obtains will vary depending on the nature of the rated security and its issuer, the requirements and practices in the jurisdiction in which the rated security is offered and sold and/or the issuer is located, the availability and nature of relevant public information, access to the management of the issuer and its advisers, the availability of pre-existing third-party verifications such as audit reports, agreed-upon procedures letters, appraisals, actuarial reports, engineering reports, legal opinions and other reports provided by third parties, the availability of independent and competent third- party verification sources with respect to the particular security or in the particular jurisdiction of the issuer, and a variety of other factors. Users of Fitch's ratings and reports should understand that neither an enhanced factual investigation nor any third-party verification can ensure that all of the information Fitch relies on in connection with a rating or a report will be accurate and complete. Ultimately, the issuer and its advisers are responsible for the accuracy of the information they provide to Fitch and to the market in offering documents and other reports. In issuing its ratings and its reports, Fitch must rely on the work of experts, including independent auditors with respect to financial statements and attorneys with respect to legal and tax matters. Further, ratings and forecasts of financial and other information are inherently forward-looking and embody assumptions and predictions about future events that by their nature cannot be verified as facts. As a result, despite any verification of current facts, ratings and forecasts can be affected by future events or conditions that were not anticipated at the time a rating or forecast was issued or affirmed. The information in this report is provided "as is" without any representation or warranty of any kind, and Fitch does not represent or warrant that the report or any of its contents will meet any of the requirements of a recipient of the report. A Fitch rating is an opinion as to the creditworthiness of a security. This opinion and reports made by Fitch are based on established criteria and methodologies that Fitch is continuously evaluating and updating. Therefore, ratings and reports are the collective work product of Fitch and no individual, or group of individuals, is solely responsible for a rating or a report. The rating does not address the risk of loss due to risks other than credit risk, unless such risk is specifically mentioned. Fitch is not engaged in the offer or sale of any security. All Fitch reports have shared authorship. Individuals identified in a Fitch report were involved in, but are not solely responsible for, the opinions stated therein. The individuals are named for contact purposes only. A report providing a Fitch rating is neither a prospectus nor a substitute for the information assembled, verified and presented to investors by the issuer and its agents in connection with the sale of the securities. Ratings may be changed or withdrawn at any time for any reason in the sole discretion of Fitch. Fitch does not provide investment advice of any sort. Ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell, or hold any security. Ratings do not comment on the adequacy of market price, the suitability of any security for a particular investor, or the tax-exempt nature or taxability of payments made in respect to any security. Fitch receives fees from issuers, insurers, guarantors, other obligors, and underwriters for rating securities. Such fees generally vary from US$1,000 to US$750,000 (or the applicable currency equivalent) per issue. In certain cases, Fitch will rate all or a number of issues issued by a particular issuer, or insured or guaranteed by a particular insurer or guarantor, for a single annual fee. Such fees are expected to vary from US$10,000 to US$1,500,000 (or the applicable currency equivalent). The assignment, publication, or dissemination of a rating by Fitch shall not constitute a consent by Fitch to use its name as an expert in connection with any registration statement filed under the United States securities laws, the Financial Services and Markets Act of 2000 of the United Kingdom, or the securities laws of any particular jurisdiction. Due to the relative efficiency of electronic publishing and distribution, Fitch research may be available to electronic subscribers up to three days earlier than to print subscribers. For Australia, New Zealand, Taiwan and South Korea only: Fitch Australia Pty Ltd holds an Australian financial services license (AFS license no. 337123) which authorizes it to provide credit ratings to wholesale clients only. Credit ratings information published by Fitch is not intended to be used by persons who are retail clients within the meaning of the Corporations Act 2001 View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161024006038/en/ Contacts: Fitch Ratings Sean Pattap Senior Director Financial Institutions +1 212 908-0642 33 Whitehall Street New York, NY 10004 or Craig D. Fraser Managing Director Corporates +1 212 908-0310 or Monsur Hussain Senior Director Regulation +44 203 530 1793 30 North Colonnade London, UK E14 5GN or Justin Patrie, CFA Fitch Wire +1 646 582-4964 or Media Relations: Hannah James, New York, 1 646-582-4947 Email: hannah.james@fitchratings.com © 2016 Business Wire Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
Contact Newsagent Login Sci-Tech Search Scoop     WIRES: SCOOPS PARLIAMENT POLITICS REGIONAL BUSINESS SCI-TECH WORLD CULTURE EDUCATION HEALTH SECTIONS: HOME COMMENT MULTIMEDIA NZ POLITICS BIZ & SCI/TECH WORLD LIFESTYLE ARCHIVES MOST READ VIDEO Video | Business Headlines | Internet | Science | Scientific Ethics | Technology | Search    Related  Email  Print Scoop >> Sci-Tech Tweet NZDF Begins Annual Airlift Support Mission to Antarctica Friday, 21 October 2016, 3:15 pm Press Release: New Zealand Defence Force 21 October 2016 NZDF Begins Annual Airlift Support Mission to Antarctica The New Zealand Defence Force (NZDF) has begun its annual mission to take scientists and support staff to Antarctica, to help advance research in the world’s harshest continent. Yesterday a Royal New Zealand Air Force (RNZAF) Boeing 757 flew 81 scientific and support personnel and about three tonnes of baggage and equipment that are needed to support the New Zealand and United States Antarctic research programmes. It was the NZDF’s first strategic airlift support flight to the continent for the 2016-17 summer season. Lieutenant Commander Ross Hickey, the NZDF’s Senior National Officer on the continent, said two more RNZAF Boeing flights are scheduled before the end of October to take another 100 people to Scott Base and McMurdo Station. Further flights will be made from late November by the C-130 Hercules, the workhorses of the RNZAF. “For the past 51 years the NZDF has been contributing to the lifeline of support for New Zealand and American scientists working in Antarctica,” Major General Tim Gall, the Commander Joint Forces New Zealand, said. “Every year, our aircraft support the Antarctic research programmes by bringing about 330 scientists and other personnel and almost 40 tonnes of equipment needed to carry out vital research on the continent,” MAJGEN Gall said. Antarctica New Zealand Chief Executive Peter Beggs said the significant contribution of the NZDF demonstrated the collaborative nature of Antarctic research and logistics. “NZDF support is an integral part of New Zealand’s strategic leadership both on the Antarctic continent and in the Southern Ocean and we are grateful for the level of professionalism under which these personnel operate,” Mr Beggs said. The NZDF also provides search and rescue support, air transport, terminal operations at Harewood Terminal in Christchurch and McMurdo, and support for the unloading of the annual container ship. Up to 220 NZDF staff - including air crew and ground support, passenger and cargo facilitation, logistics, fuel specialists, Army engineers and heavy plant operators, cargo handlers and communications specialists - are deployed during the summer to support the Scott Base and McMurdo stations. The 2016-17 research season marks the 60th anniversary of New Zealand’s operational presence in Antarctica and the construction of the Trans-Antarctic Expedition Hut. ENDS © Scoop Media   Tweet         Business Headlines | Sci-Tech Headlines BUSINESS, SCIENCE & TECH > >   Easing Ending? RBNZ's Wheeler Cuts OCR Reserve Bank governor Graeme Wheeler cut the official cash rate to a new record low to try to stoke inflation in an economy growing ahead of expectations and signalled the end of the easing cycle. The kiwi dollar gained after the statement. More>> ALSO: BusinessDesk - RBNZ's Wheeler has 'open mind' on currency intervention Reserve Bank - Official Cash Rate reduced to 1.75 percent Media: Commerce Commission Initial Decision To Decline NZME/Fairfax Merger The Commission has assessed the impact of the merger on competition in both advertising and reader markets for a number of media platforms as well as the overall impact on quality and plurality (diversity of voices). More>> ALSO: BusinessDesk - NZME shares slump to new low - Concentration of NZME, Fairfax tie-up a concern - NZME, Fairfax NZ merger in trouble in ComCom draft decision Labour - ComCom merger decline a win for media diversity E tu - Union welcomes draft decision to reject NZME-Fairfax merger Simpson Grierson - Stance on NZME/Fairfax merger bound to be highly contentious Out-Link - Tim Murphy: The StuffMe merger is stuffed | The Spinoff Inflation: Those With Lowest Living Standards Face Highest Price Rises CTU: In the year to September, while a typical household experienced price increases of 0.1 percent, the lowest spending households saw prices rise by 0.6 percent, beneficiaries by 0.8 percent and superannuitants by 0.4 percent. At the end of the scale, the highest spending households saw prices fall by 0.3 percent. More>> ALSO: Statistics NZ - Superannuitants experience highest inflation Greens - New data shows National’s two-track economy Royal Society: Increased Number Of Projects Funded In 2016 A total of 117 research projects have been allocated $65.2 million (excl. GST) of funding in this year’s Marsden Fund grants, which support New Zealand’s best investigator-initiated research in the areas of science, engineering, maths, social sciences and the humanities. More>> ALSO: NZ Govt - $65.2m in Marsden funding for NZ researchers University of Otago - Major Marsden funding for Otago researchers University of Auckland - University of Auckland celebrates Marsden fund success University of Canterbury - University of Canterbury snares 10% of Marsden Funding Massey University - Marsden funding awarded for Pacific customary land use study NZ Taxpayers' Union - Royal Society's Marsden grants an embarrassment Auckland University - Auckland medical science benefits from major grants Universities NZ - Te Pokai Tara - Universities awarded 92.5% of Marsden research funding Gordon Campbell: On Britain’s Landmark Court Ruling Against Uber The shockwaves from Uber’s defeat last week in a British court have reportedly already begun to wash up here in New Zealand with some local drivers thinking of taking a similar class action. More>> ALSO: NZ Uber Driver Association - Government's lack of apparent action against Uber BusinessDesk - Uber seeks government affairs manager to lobby on regulation Gordon Campbell - Gordon Campbell on special needs education funding changes Trade: NZ Trade Deficit Widens To A Record In September Oct. 27 (BusinessDesk) - New Zealand's monthly trade deficit widened to a record in September as meat exports dropped to their lowest level in more than three years. More>> ALSO: HiFX - HiFX Data Update - NZ Trade Balance (Sep) Statistics NZ - Meat exports fall 15 percent in September quarter Get More From Scoop Submit News/Press Releases To Scoop Scoop Online Community Scoop Media on Facebook Follow Scoop on Twitter Scoop YouTube Channel   LATEST HEADLINES BUSINESS SCI-TECH Investore Property's maiden first-half result as standalone 1:07 PM | BusinessDesk Tech to save the great Kiwi lifestyle 1:06 PM | SparkTank Family Owned Wine Company supporting the NZ Industry 1:02 PM | Glengarry Wines Markets rotating to value 12:56 PM | CMC Markets IkeGPS first-half loss widens as Stanley rollout delayed 12:55 PM | BusinessDesk Peter Yealands Recognised with Lifetime Achievement Award 12:28 PM | Yealands Wine Group Tuatara stoush demonstrates court of public opinion rules 12:16 PM | Zone Law More   RSS Coping with disaster - Expert Q&A 15/11/16 | Science Media Centre Tech Futures Lab offers innovative one-year Masters 15/11/16 | Tech Futures 2016 is set to break even the temperature records of 2015 15/11/16 | World Meteorological Or... Nitrogen Recording Protects Water And Drives Efficiency 15/11/16 | Fonterra Project Echo part of international bat symposium in Hamilton 15/11/16 | Hamilton City Counci... Magnitude 7.5, 14 November, NZ Earthquake - Expert reaction 14/11/16 | Science Media Centre Severe weather to hit during quake clean-up 14/11/16 | MetService More   RSS   Featured InfoPages   Bill Bennett on Tech Microsoft Surface Book one year on 14 Nov | Bill Bennett More copper criticism as Vodafone joins fixed 4G w... 12 Nov | Bill Bennett Power poles may carry fibre to bush 06 Nov | Bill Bennett Microsoft double-dipping with Outlook.com ads 06 Nov | Bill Bennett Spark, Vodafone, Chorus and the battle for fibre 05 Nov | Bill Bennett Smartwatches not ticking 30 Oct | Bill Bennett Wireless — a drop in the data ocean 29 Oct | Bill Bennett More   RSS   BUSINESS.scoop Valuecruncher NZ dollar falls as US data lifts greenback 9:55 AM | admin Mastercard recommends simple steps to protect agai... 9:19 AM | admin TPP Act Sends Important Signal – Business Leaders 9:16 AM | admin NZ dollar gains as US bond rally runs out of puff ... 8:42 AM | admin ASB Bank profit jumps 12% in September quarter 8:38 AM | admin Takeovers Panel sees no code breach by Hellaby 8:35 AM | admin Franchise winners recognised as best in business 8:31 AM | admin More   RSS News Alerts Valuecruncher data feeds 4:18 AM | The Crunch Updated Valuecruncher Dataset 02 Feb | The Crunch Guest Post – Andrew Smith on Apple (AAPL) 25 Nov | The Crunch Woodward Research provides free equity research re... 25 Nov | The Crunch Some quick thoughts on the LinkedIn ($LNKD) IPO 20 May | The Crunch Company of the Day Tweets – 30 December 2010 30 Dec | The Crunch NZX (New Zealand) Company of the Day Tweets – 30 D... 30 Dec | The Crunch More   RSS News Alerts     Powershop Loudhailer 1. Powershop and Pulse big winners of electricity customer switch 2. Stuff.co.nz: Stable power prices expected 3. Stuff.co.nz: Force against Powershop over Darth Vader image 4. Stuff.co.nz: Powershop 6th Fastest Growing Company in Asia Pacific 5. Forbes.com: Powershop - The eBay of Electricity by Tony Seba 6. NZ Herald: Powershop Tops Rankings For Consumer Satisfaction (Again)     Business SciTech Section Blogroll Business Business.scoop - Jonathan Underhill and Pattrick Smellie The Main Report - Trends In NZ Business NZ Transport Intelligence Briefing Profitable Agri-Business Farming News 2011 Election Results Graphic - NZ Election Results - 2011 NZ Election Results - 2011 NZ General Election Results Finance NZ Dollar/US Graph NZ & AUS Shares JP Yen/US Dollar Graph Global Share Markets Global Currencies Oil Futures Spot Gold Science Weather Underground Te Papa's Blog Technology GPS fleet management ReadWriteWeb - Web Apps, Web Technology Trends, Social Networking & Social Media Other Links New Fisher & Paykel kitchen appliances Business Management Training Courses Scoop Newsagent Media Monitoring Email Alerts Media Tracking     Contact Newsagent Login Sci-Tech Search Scoop       Scoop.co.nz About Us Contact Submit News Services Advertise Newsagent Subscribe Login Scoop on Facebook Scoop on Twitter Scoop - Mobile Site Headline Wires Scoops Parliament Politics Regional Business Sci-Tech World Culture Education Health Sections Comment Multimedia NZ Politics Biz & Sci/Tech World Lifestyle Video Specialist Sites InfoPages TechLab Werewolf Gordon Campbell Business Scoop Pacific Scoop Gaza Scoop Auckland Scoop Wellington Scoop Community Scoop Parliament Today Advertising Scoop Search Scoop Scoop Media Cartel Scoop Public Address The Standard Theatreview LiveNews Pundit SpareRoom The Big Idea © Scoop Media |  Terms of Use |  Privacy Policy | Feedback  
null
The Financial Express | Financial Online Newspaper Today's FE Dhaka,  Wed,  16 November 2016 Home Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock National World Editorial Op-Ed Sci-tech Education Sports Health Entertainment Economy National Economy Global Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock Global Stock Bangladesh National Politics Country Crime World America Asia Europe Africa Editorial Op-Ed Views Columns Opinion Reviews Analysis LETTERS Sci-tech Technology Science Environment More Education Sports Health Entertainment Miscellaneous E-PAPER 1JANATAMF 4.90   0.00 0.00%   1STPRIMFMF 8.50   0.00 0.00%   AAMRATECH 26.50   0.50 1.92%   ABB1STMF 4.90   0.00 0.00%   ABBANK 17.20   0.00 0.00%   ACI   -0.90   ACIFORMULA 158.70   7.20 4.75%   ACMELAB 105.00   -0.90 -0.85%   ACTIVEFINE 39.30   1.40 3.69%   AFCAGRO 46.00   2.20 5.02%   AFTABAUTO 54.60   4.20 8.33%   AGNISYSL 18.60   0.70 3.91%   AGRANINS 17.50   1.00 6.06%   AIBL1STIMF 7.90   0.00 0.00%   AL-HAJTEX 94.20   -1.90 -1.98%   ALARABANK 14.90   0.00 0.00%   ALLTEX 8.70   0.00 0.00%   AMANFEED 77.30   -0.40 -0.51%   AMBEEPHA 422.20   -14.90 -3.41%   AMCL(PRAN) 199.20   -0.60 -0.30%   ANLIMAYARN 26.90   0.90 3.46%   ANWARGALV 67.30   0.50 0.75%   APEXFOODS 142.80   -3.10 -2.12%   APEXFOOT 368.10   2.00 0.55%   APEXSPINN 121.00   -3.00 -2.42%   APEXTANRY 128.00   -0.10 -0.08%   APOLOISPAT 16.20   0.30 1.89%   ARAMIT 351.60   -2.20 -0.62%   ARAMITCEM 30.00   -0.10 -0.33%   ARGONDENIM 27.20   1.50 5.84%   ASIAINS 16.40   0.40 2.50%   ASIAPACINS 16.30   0.40 2.52%   ATCSLGF 10.30   0.00 0.00%   ATLASBANG 113.60   0.50 0.44%   AZIZPIPES 68.40   3.00 4.59%   BANGAS 103.90   1.00 0.97%   BANKASIA 17.60   0.40 2.33%   BARKAPOWER 29.90   0.50 1.70%   BATASHOE 1180.00   8.60 0.73%   BATBC   2.90   BAYLEASING 20.30   0.70 3.57%   BBS   0.60   BDAUTOCA 68.00   -0.50 -0.73%   BDCOM   0.60   BDFINANCE 10.20   0.60 6.25%   BDLAMPS 173.40   2.60 1.52%   BDTHAI 22.90   1.10 5.05%   BEACHHATCH 8.50   -0.10 -1.16%   BEACONPHAR 19.20   0.30 1.59%   BENGALWTL 38.00   -0.80 -2.06%   BERGERPBL 2400.00   18.80 0.79%   BEXIMCO 22.40   0.60 2.75%   BGIC   0.00   BIFC   -0.10   BNICL   0.40   BRACBANK 65.90   -0.10 -0.15%   BRACSCBOND 1030.00   0.00 0.00%   BSC   12.40   BSCCL   -1.70   BSRMLTD 141.00   0.40 0.28%   BSRMSTEEL 94.80   0.60 0.64%   BXPHARMA 82.00   -0.20 -0.24%   BXSYNTH 5.80   -0.10 -1.69%   CENTRALINS 16.00   0.20 1.27%   CENTRALPHL 14.00   -0.50 -3.45%   CITYBANK 23.40   0.00 0.00%   CITYGENINS 14.80   0.60 4.23%   CMCKAMAL 13.90   0.60 4.51%   CNATEX 7.80   0.20 2.63%   CONFIDCEM 116.00   -4.30 -3.57%   CONTININS 16.40   0.30 1.86%   CVOPRL 193.50   6.40 3.42%   DACCADYE 6.70   -0.10 -1.47%   DAFODILCOM 34.50   0.10 0.29%   DBH   -0.10   DBH1STMF 6.90   0.00 0.00%   DELTALIFE 96.20   0.10 0.10%   DELTASPINN 8.60   0.10 1.18%   DESCO   -1.30   DESHBANDHU 8.60   0.70 8.86%   DHAKABANK 16.10   0.10 0.63%   DHAKAINS 18.80   1.30 7.43%   DOREENPWR 112.80   -6.20 -5.21%   DSHGARME 364.80   14.90 4.26%   DSSL   0.10   DUTCHBANGL 107.30   0.60 0.56%   EASTERNINS 23.90   0.40 1.70%   EASTLAND 20.20   0.40 2.02%   EASTRNLUB 900.00   -20.50 -2.23%   EBL   0.00   EBL1STMF 5.00   0.00 0.00%   EBLNRBMF 4.80   0.00 0.00%   ECABLES 145.20   -0.50 -0.34%   EHL   1.70   EMERALDOIL 34.70   3.10 9.81%   ENVOYTEX 36.70   -2.30 -5.90%   ETL   0.60   EXIM1STMF 6.50   0.00 0.00%   EXIMBANK 10.30   0.20 1.98%   FAMILYTEX 7.70   0.00 0.00%   FARCHEM 19.30   0.20 1.05%   FAREASTFIN 9.60   0.20 2.13%   FAREASTLIF 62.80   -0.10 -0.16%   FASFIN 11.30   0.50 4.63%   FBFIF   0.10   FEDERALINS 10.00   0.00 0.00%   FEKDIL 22.90   0.70 3.15%   FINEFOODS 20.00   -0.90 -4.31%   FIRSTFIN 6.90   -0.10 -1.43%   FIRSTSBANK 11.70   0.20 1.74%   FORTUNE 42.90   -1.20 -2.72%   FUWANGFOOD 12.40   -0.30 -2.36%   GBBPOWER 14.70   0.10 0.68%   GEMINISEA 791.00   -1.80 -0.23%   GENNEXT 6.90   0.20 2.99%   GHAIL   0.20   GHCL   -3.50   GLAXOSMITH 1600.00   34.00 2.17%   GLOBALINS 12.50   0.20 1.63%   GOLDENSON 15.50   -1.10 -6.63%   GP   -0.90   GPHISPAT 29.20   0.30 1.04%   GQBALLPEN 69.70   1.80 2.65%   GRAMEENS2 10.30   0.00 0.00%   GREENDELMF 6.80   0.00 0.00%   GREENDELT 47.00   0.30 0.64%   GSPFINANCE 20.00   0.60 3.09%   HAKKANIPUL 43.00   -1.10 -2.49%   HEIDELBCEM 546.00   -0.60 -0.11%   HFL   -0.20   HRTEX   0.70   HWAWELLTEX 35.60   0.40 1.14%   IBBLPBOND 980.00   12.00 1.24%   IBNSINA 218.60   0.90 0.41%   ICB   -6.00   ICB1STNRB 18.70   0.20 1.08%   ICB2NDNRB 7.80   0.00 0.00%   ICB3RDNRB 4.50   0.00 0.00%   ICBAMCL2ND 5.20   0.00 0.00%   ICBEPMF1S1 5.80   -0.10 -1.69%   ICBIBANK 4.10   0.20 5.13%   ICBSONALI1 6.00   0.00 0.00%   IDLC   1.50   IFADAUTOS 74.60   -1.50 -1.97%   IFIC   0.20   IFIC1STMF 4.80   0.00 0.00%   IFILISLMF1 6.70   0.10 1.52%   ILFSL   0.30   IMAMBUTTON 11.10   -0.30 -2.63%   INTECH 11.60   -0.60 -4.92%   IPDC   1.90   ISLAMIBANK 29.20   0.00 0.00%   ISLAMICFIN 15.50   0.70 4.73%   ISLAMIINS 16.60   0.00 0.00%   ISNLTD 12.50   -0.20 -1.57%   ITC   -3.40   JAMUNABANK 14.70   0.30 2.08%   JAMUNAOIL 194.50   0.40 0.21%   JANATAINS 12.50   0.40 3.31%   JMISMDL 154.00   2.60 1.72%   JUTESPINN 54.00   -2.10 -3.74%   KARNAPHULI 13.80   0.40 2.99%   KAY&QUE 31.50   0.60 1.94%   KBPPWBIL 17.70   0.50 2.91%   KDSALTD 64.90   -0.90 -1.37%   KEYACOSMET 9.60   0.00 0.00%   KOHINOOR 452.00   6.50 1.46%   KPCL   -3.10   KPPL   0.10   LAFSURCEML 74.20   -1.10 -1.46%   LANKABAFIN 27.00   0.30 1.12%   LEGACYFOOT 18.70   0.60 3.31%   LIBRAINFU 500.20   -20.60 -3.96%   LINDEBD 1342.00   -7.90 -0.59%   LRGLOBMF1 6.60   0.20 3.12%   MAKSONSPIN 7.00   0.00 0.00%   MALEKSPIN 15.60   0.00 0.00%   MARICO 1211.00   -0.60 -0.05%   MATINSPINN 35.90   0.00 0.00%   MBL1STMF 7.00   0.10 1.45%   MEGCONMILK 7.00   0.30 4.48%   MEGHNACEM 93.20   0.20 0.22%   MEGHNALIFE 52.00   -0.10 -0.19%   MEGHNAPET 5.50   0.00 0.00%   MERCANBANK 13.50   0.10 0.75%   MERCINS 13.60   0.20 1.49%   METROSPIN 6.40   -0.10 -1.54%   MHSML   -1.30   MICEMENT 75.00   -0.20 -0.27%   MIDASFIN 24.50   0.40 1.66%   MIRACLEIND 39.00   1.10 2.90%   MITHUNKNIT 66.00   -0.70 -1.05%   MJLBD   0.50   MODERNDYE 201.00   -0.20 -0.10%   MPETROLEUM 183.40   0.70 0.38%   MTB   0.40   NATLIFEINS 173.00   2.10 1.23%   NAVANACNG 54.90   -0.10 -0.18%   NBL   0.10   NCCBANK 10.40   0.10 0.97%   NCCBLMF1 6.80   0.00 0.00%   NFML   0.90   NHFIL   4.60   NITOLINS 21.80   0.40 1.87%   NLI1STMF 12.60   -0.10 -0.79%   NORTHERN 198.50   -15.00 -7.03%   NORTHRNINS 18.90   0.10 0.53%   NPOLYMAR 83.40   -2.10 -2.46%   NTC   43.10   NTLTUBES 130.00   3.10 2.44%   OAL   0.40   OLYMPIC 309.90   5.80 1.91%   ONEBANKLTD 14.80   0.10 0.68%   ORIONINFU 58.90   -1.20 -2.00%   ORIONPHARM 38.50   3.50 10.00%   PADMALIFE 22.60   -0.20 -0.88%   PADMAOIL 185.60   0.40 0.22%   PARAMOUNT 18.90   -0.60 -3.08%   PENINSULA 23.80   -1.40 -5.56%   PEOPLESINS 16.50   0.00 0.00%   PF1STMF 4.60   0.10 2.22%   PHARMAID 253.50   -3.00 -1.17%   PHENIXINS 21.40   0.30 1.42%   PHOENIXFIN 24.20   0.80 3.42%   PHPMF1 4.40   0.00 0.00%   PIONEERINS 29.50   0.60 2.08%   PLFSL   0.10   POPULAR1MF 4.50   -0.10 -2.17%   POPULARLIF 67.80   -0.70 -1.02%   POWERGRID 59.40   0.20 0.34%   PRAGATIINS 25.80   0.40 1.57%   PRAGATILIF 88.90   0.20 0.23%   PREMIERBAN 9.00   0.30 3.45%   PREMIERCEM 84.00   -2.70 -3.11%   PREMIERLEA 10.10   0.30 3.06%   PRIME1ICBA 5.10   0.10 2.00%   PRIMEBANK 15.10   0.20 1.34%   PRIMEFIN 8.00   0.30 3.90%   PRIMEINSUR 16.10   -0.30 -1.83%   PRIMELIFE 57.50   0.30 0.52%   PRIMETEX 22.40   1.30 6.16%   PROVATIINS 14.20   0.30 2.16%   PTL   1.50   PUBALIBANK 20.30   0.50 2.53%   PURABIGEN 15.80   0.20 1.28%   QSMDRYCELL 92.50   4.10 4.64%   RAHIMAFOOD 83.70   -6.00 -6.69%   RAHIMTEXT 237.20   0.20 0.08%   RAKCERAMIC 58.10   -0.30 -0.51%   RANFOUNDRY 102.40   -0.90 -0.87%   RDFOOD 16.60   1.50 9.93%   RECKITTBEN 1587.00   16.90 1.08%   REGENTTEX 12.10   -0.20 -1.63%   RELIANCE1 7.90   0.00 0.00%   RELIANCINS 45.50   0.00 0.00%   RENATA 1095.00   3.30 0.30%   RENWICKJA 582.10   -6.20 -1.05%   REPUBLIC 16.20   0.70 4.52%   RNSPIN 17.60   -0.30 -1.68%   RSRMSTEEL 44.50   2.10 4.95%   RUPALIBANK 25.40   -0.30 -1.17%   RUPALIINS 17.20   0.60 3.61%   RUPALILIFE 36.00   0.70 1.98%   SAFKOSPINN 11.30   0.80 7.62%   SAIFPOWER 60.50   0.40 0.67%   SAIHAMCOT 14.60   0.00 0.00%   SAIHAMTEX 13.90   0.30 2.21%   SALAMCRST 26.80   0.50 1.90%   SALVOCHEM 12.70   1.00 8.55%   SAMATALETH 23.50   -0.90 -3.69%   SAMORITA 62.80   0.30 0.48%   SANDHANINS 29.00   -0.10 -0.34%   SAPORTL 39.40   0.00 0.00%   SEBL1STMF 11.50   -0.30 -2.54%   SEMLLECMF 9.50   0.00 0.00%   SHAHJABANK 13.70   0.20 1.48%   SHASHADNIM 58.50   -2.00 -3.31%   SHURWID 8.30   0.00 0.00%   SHYAMPSUG 12.60   0.10 0.80%   SIBL   0.10   SIMTEX 19.90   1.20 6.42%   SINGERBD 184.20   -2.30 -1.23%   SINOBANGLA 22.70   1.00 4.61%   SONALIANSH 197.80   -0.70 -0.35%   SONARBAINS 14.80   0.30 2.07%   SONARGAON 8.60   -0.30 -3.37%   SOUTHEASTB 17.10   -0.10 -0.58%   SPCERAMICS 8.00   -0.20 -2.44%   SPCL   -2.70   SQUARETEXT 65.30   0.20 0.31%   SQURPHARMA 248.00   -22.60 -8.35%   STANCERAM 52.10   -5.50 -9.55%   STANDARINS 18.30   0.20 1.10%   STANDBANKL 10.00   0.00 0.00%   STYLECRAFT 1666.30   98.00 6.25%   SUMITPOWER 33.60   -0.20 -0.59%   SUNLIFEINS 17.70   -0.10 -0.56%   TAKAFULINS 17.70   -0.10 -0.56%   TALLUSPIN 8.00   -0.30 -3.61%   TITASGAS 47.40   -0.10 -0.21%   TOSRIFA 18.70   1.00 5.65%   TRUSTB1MF 4.90   0.00 0.00%   TRUSTBANK 23.20   0.20 0.87%   TUNGHAI 10.80   -0.30 -2.70%   UCB   0.20   UNIONCAP 12.80   0.60 4.92%   UNIQUEHRL 39.30   -2.20 -5.30%   UNITEDAIR 4.60   0.00 0.00%   UNITEDFIN 20.30   0.60 3.05%   UNITEDINS 24.20   -0.90 -3.59%   UPGDCL 142.60   0.40 0.28%   USMANIAGL 92.40   -1.80 -1.91%   UTTARABANK 23.60   0.30 1.29%   UTTARAFIN 58.60   1.50 2.63%   VAMLBDMF1 8.80   0.00 0.00%   WATACHEM 152.00   2.40 1.60%   WMSHIPYARD 24.80   -0.30 -1.20%   YPL   1.20   ZAHEENSPIN 15.40   0.60 4.05%   ZAHINTEX 15.30   -0.10 -0.65%   ZEALBANGLA 16.10   -1.30 -7.47%   Latest News Revenue board won’t budge on scrapping package VAT MoF demands Tk 30b for credit underwriting A world shadowed by ‘shadow economy’ High-level segments of climate talks begin in Morocco Hard belt-tightening may ‘dampen credit demand’ Prices of garlic rise by Tk 30 a kg FBCCI to seek incentives for promoting green business Ctg AL leader SM Yusuf dies Govt takes all steps to bring culprits to justice: Amu BCL council for RU, RUET units Dec 7, 8 BGB arrest 94 Myanmar nationals for trespass TIME - 06:13 am National High-level segments of climate talks begin in Morocco Economy Revenue board won’t budge on scrapping package VAT World Indian govt bans Zakir Naik's NGO for five Stock BSEC approves IPO of Shepherd Industries BB hopes to recover $30m more of heist money TOP NEWS Trump’s 200 day plan: Trade reform begins Day 1 Dollar hovers near 14-year high Hate crimes against US Muslims 'up by 67pc' Eastern Cables recommends 10pc cash div LR Global MF declares 5.0pc cash div National Tea recommends 30pc cash div Standard Ins recommends 10pc stock div Oil prices rise Trump, Putin discuss future ties Asian stocks mostly lower MoF demands Tk 30b for credit underwriting November 16, 2016, 12:16 am The finance ministry has sought Tk 30 billion from the Bangladesh Petroleum Corporation (BPC) as condition to providing state guarantee for ITFC credits. The BPC owes the exchequer some Tk 263 billion as it took the money to foot oil bills Read more A world shadowed by ‘shadow economy’ November 16, 2016, 12:15 am None knows for sure the size of the global shadow economy, for most people do talk about tackling it but not many of them have ever tried to find perfect ways of measuring it.  Its definition is also somewhat blurred. There Read more Economy Dutch economy grows for 10th consecutive quarter The Dutch economy grew by 0.7 per cent in the third quarter of 2016, the Dutch Central Bureau of Statistics announced on Tuesday, reports Xinhua. The growth percentage was the same as in the first two quarters of this year. The quarterly growth of the Dutch economy was the tenth in a row. Compared to Q3 of 2015, the economy grew by 2.4 per cent. "Our economy continues to perform exceptionally well and is broadly driven," Henk Kamp, Minister of Economic Affairs, reacted in a statement, "We grow more than twice as fast as the European average and show a solid and Frequent power outages hurting industrial output, says MCCI November 14, 2016, 11:48 pm Bogra growers eyeing Tk 20,000 profit from per bigha production November 14, 2016, 8:46 pm BB seeks banks' help to revamp receding remittance inflows November 14, 2016, 10:09 pm Japan economy grows faster than expected: BOJ November 14, 2016, 2:57 pm Egypt targets 8.5-9.5pc budget deficit November 14, 2016, 1:06 pm Finance Hard belt-tightening may ‘dampen credit demand’ Tighter macroprudential actions in financial regulation may create the scope of 'regulatory arbitrage' with destabilising impacts including credit squeeze. Such a forewarning came at a summit meet Tuesday in Dhaka on present-day banking that is marked by a switch from the Canada not worried over US competition for infrastructure funds Next budget size to be Tk 3.9t IMF queries rising NPLs in banks Q1 income tax receipt well below target Editorial Elevated walkway for pedestrians The Dhaka South City Corporation (DSCC) has planned to construct Elevated walkway for pedestrians The Dhaka South City Corporation (DSCC) has planned to construct Op-Ed Brexit and US elections BREXIT of England and Presidential election of US have shown Brexit and US elections BREXIT of England and Presidential election of US have shown Jacky Chan : The living legend wins Oscar! I was really happy and excited to see my favourite Jacky Chan : The living legend wins Oscar! I was really happy and excited to see my favourite Watch over Trump's first 100 days DONALD Trump has been elected the new president of the Watch over Trump's first 100 days DONALD Trump has been elected the new president of the Stock Stocks return to green on buying spree Stocks returned to green Tuesday, snapping a two days profit taking sale pressure, as some enthusiastic investors were active on SBL, SIBL to open KSA branches soon Increased participation spurs rally on bourses Square most-traded issue on DSE Stocks end positive Mideast stocks mixed at opening  Indian shares slip 2pc; rupee drops  Summit Alliance to open office in Singapore New Zealand shares edge up National Govt takes all steps to bring culprits to justice: Amu Industries Minister Amir Hossain Amu on Tuesday said the government has taken all measures to bring the culprits to justice in connection with the Nasirganar and Gobindaganj incidents, reports BSS. "The incidents of Nasirnagar, Gobindaganj and Raipura are isolated, having no link with the law and order situation in the country," he said after attending a cabinet committee meeting on law Fire at Acme laboratory in Dhamrai PM to address COP 22 Tuesday midnight Students block Shahbagh intersection seeking fishery minister’s removal Journalist Ruhul Amin passes away  Satkhira police nab 33 on various charges  Dry weather likely All 4 in Bushra murder case relieved SC asks Mufti Hannan to submit statement Trade and Market Prices of garlic rise by Tk 30 a kg Prices of garlic increased significantly by Tk 20- Tk 30 a kg in last two days. Traders attributed the hike to higher import costs. Imported garlic (Chinese) was sold at Tk 200-Tk 210 and local variety at Tk 155-165 a kg in retail markets on Tuesday from Tk 170-Tk 180 and Tk 135-Tk 140 a kg respectively two days back, kitchen market FBCCI to seek incentives for promoting green business EU for ensuring compliance in export-oriented sectors KL assures Dhaka of hiring workers sooner Thrust on early introduction of e-fund transfer BB seeks banks' help to revamp dwindling remittance inflows India to use indelible ink to ensure people change cash only once Reynolds American rejects BAT's $47b takeover offer China commodities fall hard as speculators panic after frantic rally World The Rock cooking up White House run? After parlaying a professional wrestling career as "The Rock" into leading roles in Hollywood, Dwayne Johnson is entertaining the idea US students boycott classes to protest Trump win 11 Arab nations accuse Iran of sponsoring ‘terrorism’ Giuliani favourite for Trump’s secy of state Sci-tech Dry weather likely Weather may remain dry with temporary partly cloudy sky over the country, said a Met office release in Dhaka on Google bans ads on fake news sites  Supermoon lighting up sky Smart City Hackathon organised in city Education BCL council for RU, RUET units Dec 7, 8 RAJSHAHI UNIVERSITY, Nov 15: The council of the Rajshahi University (RU) unit of the Bangladesh Chhattra League (BCL) will be held on December 07 while that of the Rajshahi University of Engineering & Technology (RUET) unit of the student wing of the ruling Awami League is scheduled for December 08. Delwar Hossain, office secretary of the BCL central committee, told the newsmen that the decision was taken in an emergency meeting in the presence of the organisation's central President Saifur Rahman ... Hamid urged UGC to ensure better higher education Five teachers to face action over JSC question 'All banks should introduce stipend for education' Sports Muktijoddha share points with Brothers MYMENSINGH, Nov 15 (UNB): Muktijoddha Sangsad KC shared points with Brothers Union Club in the JB Bangladesh Premier League (BPL) BFF selects 26 junior booters for Super Mokh Cup Police beat Agrani Bank Australia slump to humiliating loss Health World Diabetes Day being observed World Diabetes Day is being observed in Bangladesh as other countries in the globe through various programmes on Monday. Danish pharmaceuticals DGHS for stern steps against some clinics, hospitals in city Bird flu outbreak feared for interface of wild and domestic birds Chikungunya: ‘Lazy mosquitoes’ linked to more infections in women Entertainment Nation celebrates Nabann The nation celebrated Nabanna (new harvest) through various programmes on Tuesday. Nabanna Utsab or new harvest festival is marked in Bangladesh International Folk Fest 2016 ends in city Muhith inaugurates Nabanna Utsab Nov 15 Humayun Ahmed's 68th birth anniv being observed Politics Hasina shocked at SM Yusuf's death Prime Minister Shiekh Hasina on Tuesday expressed profound shock at the death of Awami League leader SM Yousuf. In a condolence message, the prime minister said: "the nation has lost an honest, brave and sincere politician due to his death." She recalled the role of Yusuf with deep respect during the protest movement forged after the assassination of Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujibur Rahman on the black night of August 15, 1975. Sheikh Hasina prayed for eternal peace of the departed soul and conveyed her ... Free elections crucial for giving citizens voice: UK AL assures all of 'a non-partisan EC' AL won't give nominations to controversial figures: Quader Country Flower growers sustain heavy losses for rough weather in Bogra BOGRA, Nov 15: The flower growers of the district are counting heavy losses as the crop has been badly damaged due to rough weather which is prevailing here for the last several days. Sources said the flower petals are starting to fall due to the rough weather condition. Meanwhile, the low price of flowers at Gokul Market, the biggest wholesale market, has brought the growers to their knees. Of the total production in the country, around 35 per cent flowers are grown ... Fancy bed covers export brings solvency to 550 poor rural females Construction of 70 houses for landless FFs going on in Sylhet Magura traders doing brisk business at Kartiany fair PHOTO GALLERY Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina received a red carpet reception as she arrived in Morocco on November 14, 2016 on a three-day visit to attend the 22nd Conference of the Parties (COP-22) of UNFCCC. Rachid Belmokhtar Benabdellah, Moroccan education minister, welcomed her at the airport. - PID Students of Jagannath Hall of the University of Dhaka blocked the Shahbagh intersection on Tuesday to press home their demand of immediate removal of Minister Sayedul Hoque for his ‘derogatory remarks’ about Hindus following the attacks. – FE Photo Supermoon appeared all over the world on Monday night. It is the coincidence of a full moon or a New moon with the closest approach the Moon makes to the Earth on its elliptical orbit. Supermoon is 14pc bigger and 30pc brighter than usual. This picture was taken from Dhaka’s Topkhana Road area. – FE Photo Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina holds a videoconference with the officials, local representatives and people of different professions of Rajshahi division from her official residence Ganabhaban on Saturday. –UNB Photo Hundreds of protester, including students of different universities, staged a demonstration in the city’s Shahbagh area on Friday over recent wave of attacks on people from Hindu community in Brahmanbaria and other parts of the country. – FE photo more news Ctg AL leader SM Yusuf dies November 16, 2016, 12:06 am PM to address COP 22 Tuesday midnight November 15, 2016, 10:07 pm BGB arrest 94 Myanmar nationals for trespass November 15, 2016, 11:29 pm EU for ensuring compliance in export-oriented sectors November 15, 2016, 9:29 pm All Headline News Stock market Final Index Change(Points) Change(%) ISSUES ADVANCED 145 ISSUES DECLINED 79 Most popular A world shadowed by shadow economy November 16, 2016, 12:15 am Revenue board wont budge on scrapping package VAT November 16, 2016, 12:17 am FBCCI to seek incentives for promoting green business November 16, 2016, 12:08 am MoF demands Tk 30b for credit underwriting November 16, 2016, 12:16 am Hard belt-tightening may dampen credit demand November 16, 2016, 12:11 am Prices of garlic rise by Tk 30 a kg November 16, 2016, 12:10 am Top 10 gainers Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG ORIONPHARM 35.00 38.50 36.00 38.50 10.00 RDFOOD 15.10 16.60 15.80 16.60 9.93 EMERALDOIL 31.60 34.70 31.00 34.70 9.81 NTC 542.40 610.00 566.00 590.70 8.91 NHFIL 49.50 54.40 49.80 53.90 8.89 SAFKOSPINN 10.50 11.50 10.70 11.40 8.57 AFTABAUTO 50.40 54.90 50.90 54.60 8.33 DHAKAINS 17.50 19.00 17.50 18.90 8.00 SALVOCHEM 11.70 12.70 11.90 12.60 7.69 SIMTEX 18.70 20.30 17.70 20.10 7.49 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation SIMTEX 18.00 20.30 17.70 19.90 10.56 EMERALDOIL 32.00 34.70 31.00 34.70 8.44 TOSRIFA 17.30 19.40 17.30 18.70 8.09 NHFIL 50.30 54.40 49.80 54.10 7.56 NFML 16.00 17.20 16.00 17.20 7.50 AFTABAUTO 50.90 54.90 50.90 54.60 7.27 ORIONPHARM 36.00 38.50 36.00 38.50 6.94 SALVOCHEM 12.00 12.70 11.90 12.70 5.83 PRIMETEX 21.20 22.40 21.20 22.40 5.66 SAFKOSPINN 10.70 11.50 10.70 11.30 5.61 Top 10 Loser Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG STANCERAM 57.60 54.40 51.90 52.20 -9.38 GHCL 40.40 39.00 36.40 36.70 -9.16 SHYAMPSUG 12.50 12.60 11.30 11.40 -8.80 GOLDENSON 16.60 16.50 15.00 15.20 -8.43 SQURPHARMA 270.60 251.00 245.20 248.10 -8.32 MHSML 17.50 17.50 15.80 16.10 -8.00 ITC 51.00 50.00 46.00 47.40 -7.06 NORTHERN 213.50 205.00 194.90 199.10 -6.75 ISNLTD 12.70 13.10 11.80 11.90 -6.30 DOREENPWR 119.00 123.00 110.80 112.30 -5.63 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation RAHIMAFOOD 90.90 91.00 83.50 83.70 -7.92 FINEFOODS 21.70 22.40 19.60 20.00 -7.83 MHSML 17.50 17.50 15.80 16.20 -7.43 DOREENPWR 120.90 123.00 110.80 112.80 -6.70 PENINSULA 25.40 26.10 23.80 23.80 -6.30 GOLDENSON 16.50 16.50 15.00 15.50 -6.06 GHCL 39.00 39.00 36.40 36.90 -5.39 LIBRAINFU 527.80 527.80 500.20 500.20 -5.23 ITC 50.00 50.00 46.00 47.60 -4.80 ISNLTD 13.10 13.10 11.80 12.50 -4.58 Travel Bangladesh Biman Bangladesh Railway Radisson Blu Hotels in Bangladesh Money Exchange rate Currency Sell Purchase USD 78.95 77.94 GBP 118.00 117.96 EUR 83.78 83.75 Chinese Yuan 12.24 12.24 HK Dollar 10.2181 9.8929 Singapore dollar 63.6186 59.877 Saudi Rial 21.1918 20.52 Commodity price Commodity Price Change GOLD 1,270.40 (US $/oz) -0.6% SILVER 20.70 (US $/oz) -1.9% COPPER 7,12 (US$/mt) -0.7% CRUDE OIL 93.20 (USD/bbl.) -1.7% COTTON # 2 78.85 (USc/lb) 0.9% WHEAT (CBOT) 647.25 (USD/bu) -0.1% PALM OIL 823.96 (USD/MTon) 3.4% Soybean Oil 40.84 (USc/lb) 1.4% Sugar #11 17.87 (USc/lb) -0.6% Call money rate Today's Rate Yesterday's Rate 06.15-07.75pc 05.50-08.00pc E-Paper Weather Archive Year 2007200820092010201120122013201420152016 Month JanuaryFebruaryMarchAprilMayJuneJulyAugustSeptemberOctoberNovemberDecember Day 12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031 GO CATEGORIES Economy Finance Editorial Op-Ed Stock National Trade and Market World ADDRESS Editor : A.H.M Moazzem Hossain Published by the Editor for International Publications Limited from Tropicana Tower (4th floor), 45, Topkhana Road, GPO Box : 2526 Dhaka- 1000 and printed by him from City Publishing House Ltd., 1 RK Mission Road, Dhaka-1000. Telephone : PABX : 9553550 (Hunting), 9513814, 7172017 and 7172012 Fax : 880-2-9567049 Email : editor@thefinancialexpress-bd.com, fexpress68@gmail.com Terms of Service Contact Us Editors' Panel About Editor Web mail Ad price (Print Version) Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved Powered by :
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Monday, 24 October 2016 | MYT 3:56 PM Top foreign and local stories at 4pm Energy Brent crude was 0.15% higher to US$51.86 per barrel at 3.44pm. Forex Ringgit up 0.21% to 4.1702 versus the US dollar at 3.52pm. Top foreign stories Outlook dims for Singapore Inc as economy moonwalks: Having grown at a break-neck pace that transformed what half a century ago was a seedy colonial port into an Asian Manhattan, Singapore is now bracing for a prolonged period of low growth, darkening the outlook for the city-state’s deeply indebted firms. — Reuters BoJ frets about real estate lending boom, watchful of bubble risk: The Bank of Japan (Boj) said it is closely monitoring bank lending to the real estate sector to guard against excessive credit that could lead to overheating and pose risks to financial stability. The BoJ does not currently see signs of a property bubble, according to a report it released on Monday. — Reuters Boeing takes on peers, partners in bid for replacement parts business: In search of higher profits margins, Boeing Co is aiming to win more of the lucrative market for replacement parts and repair services, pitting the plane maker against major suppliers who view that growing US$62 billion a year market as their turf. — Reuters Japan’s exports down 7% in September: Japan’s finance ministry data issued on Monday showed the country’s exports fell for a 12th straight month to 6.9% in September from a year earlier, following a 9.6% decline in August, dragged down by US-bound shipments of cars, China-bound shipments of electronics parts and exports of steel. — Reuters S. Korea Q3 GDP seen slowing slightly: South Korea’s economy is expected to have slowed down slightly over July through September after accelerating in the previous quarter, a Reuters survey found, as gains from construction were undercut by strikes and the collapse of Hanjin Shipping. The economy was expected to grow a seasonally adjusted 0.6% quarter-on-quarter, the poll found. — Reuters S. Korea’s pension fund eyes infrastructure, medical sectors: South Korea’s National Pension Service (NPS), the world’s third-largest pension fund, sees infrastructure and the medical industry as good prospects for returns in a low interest rate environment, its chief investment officer said. — Reuters In insurance Big Data could lower rates for optimistic tweeters: When people take to Twitter to comment on the great evening they enjoyed with good food and wonderful friends, reducing their monthly insurance bill is probably the last thing on their mind. But such tweets could help insurers to price premiums for individuals, with research suggesting a direct link between positive posts and a reduced risk of heart disease. — Reuters Top local stories Bursa third-quarter net profit falls to RM44m: Bursa Malaysia Bhd reported a lower net profit of RM44.04mil for its third quarter, from RM51.47mil a year ago, on the back of lower trading activity and a subsequent increase in operating revenue. Its revenue came in at RM119.4mil versus RM128.83mil a year earlier. It did not declare dividends. — StarBiz I-Bhd quarterly earnings surge 162%: I-Bhd posted a strong set of financial results for the quarter ended Sept 30, 2016, as earnings surged 162.3% to RM22.42mil, underpinned by the flagship i-City project. — StarBiz Maybank Indonesia posts strong nine-month earnings: PT Bank Maybank Indonesia Tbk (Maybank Indonesia) posted a strong set of earnings in the January-September period at 1.3 trillion rupiah or RM416.89mil, boosted by higher net interest income and improvement in fee-based income. — StarBiz BCM Alliance makes firm debut on Bursa: BCM Alliance Bhd made a firm debut on the Ace Market of Bursa Malaysia on Monday, opening at 27 sen or eight sen above its offer price of 19 sen a share. — StarBiz Same price, twice broadband speed for UniFi customers, says Telekom: Telekom Malaysia Bhd has announced its Broadband Improvement Plan for 2017 to provide Malaysians with greater value offerings. Under the initiative, the average broadband speeds for residential UniFi customers will be doubled at the same price. — StarBiz Eversendai order book hits RM2.5b: Structural steel turnkey contractor Eversendai Corporation Bhd has secured contracts worth RM1.8bil year to date. It said on Monday its current order book was RM2.5bil and the tender book at RM20.8bil. — StarBiz Tags / Keywords: News You May Be Interested Closure of 106 bank branches due to rationalisation plans, says Deputy Finance Minister Weak ringgit to impact 5 sectors Best smartphones for the holidays Alibaba's founder to support 'mini Jack Ma' until university graduation Private-public partnerships in a connected world Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Others Also Read Tourists now prefer lodgings with Airbnb flavour, hoteliers told Some 14 million in northeast Nigeria may need humanitarian aid in 2017 - U.N. MRT fare starts at RM1 Property Related advertisement Latest News There is no "truly low-cost" airlines in Asia, there is a gap for this Malaysian palm oil price declines for 2nd session in a row Oil rallies on OPEC deal bets; tech, energy boost global stocks Google announces new London office, 3,000 jobs expected Wall Street rises, helped by tech and energy (Update 1) Most Viewed in Business MRT fare starts at RM1 Weak ringgit to impact 5 sectors There is no "truly low-cost" airlines in Asia, there is a gap for this Malaysia Airlines mulls purchase of 25 widebody jets next year EPF, Eco World in JV to develop township, business park in Selangor Google announces new London office, 3,000 jobs expected Oil rallies on OPEC deal bets; tech, energy boost global stocks PDZ stops fund-raising exercise for proposed billion-ringgit LPG project MP Evans rejects KL Kepong’s sweetened takeover offer (Update) Malaysian palm oil price declines for 2nd session in a row advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
PHIL GROUP PHILENEWS GOAL LIKE PROPERTY SINTHESEIS SYNTAGES SFERA KISS FM Cyprus News Stay in touch with all the latest news from Cyprus with regular updates on the main stories from the newsroom of The Cyprus Weekly newspaper Home News Local News World News Supplements Akinci reveals territory percentage November 15, 2016 Greeks flock to the streets in protest of Obama visit (PICTURES)November 15, 2016 President stresses need for unityNovember 15, 2016 Cyprus students march, demonstrate against UDI in the northNovember 15, 2016 Business Local Business World Business Google releases app to digitize boxes of old photo prints November 15, 2016 Electric Jaguar SUV highlights auto industry’s cross currentsNovember 15, 2016 FinMin pleased with economic growth, calls to reject populismNovember 15, 2016 Bank of Cyprus seeks more long-term investors in London listingNovember 15, 2016 Going Out Nicosia Limassol Larnaca Paphos Famagusta Jamie’s Italian November 15, 2016 Ο Μπαξές ΤαβέρναNovember 15, 2016 Bolivar HouseOctober 19, 2016 Fish MarketOctober 19, 2016 Enjoy Life At the movies Coming Events Saraband Screening November 14, 2016 Point R Dance RecitalNovember 13, 2016 Vaggelis Gettos & Giannis SoultatosNovember 13, 2016 The Cyprus Storytelling FestivalNovember 12, 2016 Discover Attractions Animal Parks, Aquariums Archaeological Sites Museums and Art Galleries National Parks Religious Sites Water Parks Experience Health and Wellbeing Niche Tourism Rural and Nature Spiritual and Cultural Routes Sports and Leisure Wine Routes Flavors of Cyprus Cyprus Cuisine Recipes Wines Sun and Sea Boat Trips and Cruises Coasts and Beaches Sailing Scuba Diving Ancient Greek mosaic in Paphos November 11, 2016 Meet tradition… today!November 9, 2016 Apostle AndreasNovember 8, 2016 Weather ForecastNovember 7, 2016 Opinions President Trump’s tomorrow November 13, 2016 The caped crusaders November 13, 2016 Indian equities are still set to shine November 13, 2016 Trump and energy policy November 13, 2016 Sports Local Sports World Sports Dennis forced to stand down from McLaren November 15, 2016 Gerrard to consider future after leaving LA GalaxyNovember 15, 2016 Smith ’embarrassed’ by new Australia lossNovember 15, 2016 Moyes aiming to energise aging squadNovember 15, 2016 Property AirDeals Latest News Google releases app to digitize boxes of old photo prints Dennis forced to stand down from McLaren Akinci reveals territory percentage Greeks flock to the streets in protest of Obama visit (PICTURES) President stresses need for unity Cyprus students march, demonstrate against UDI in the north Cyprus to continue promoting common European interests Home / Business / World Business / Boeing in bid for replacement parts business Boeing in bid for replacement parts business October 24, 2016 World Business Leave a comment In search of higher profits margins, Boeing Co is aiming to win more of the lucrative market for replacement parts and repair services, pitting the plane maker against major suppliers who view that growing $62 billion a year market as their turf. Boeing told Reuters it has added 35,000 parts to stocks it positions around the world to serve airlines in the last year, after analyzing its vast store of aircraft data to see where the parts will be needed. It has also cut prices on 24,000 parts to be more competitive, and it is expanding training and other services. Boeing is trying to capture more profit from spare parts made under license by suppliers as well. To get there, it is producing some new parts in house to gain control over repairs, and sifting its databases to help airlines predict when planes will need service. The maker of such flagship jets as the 787 Dreamliner and top-selling 737 has been building its aftermarket business for years. But as demand for planes has slowed over the last 18 months, Boeing is now turning more aggressively to spare parts and services to help meet its own ambitious targets of doubling overall margins to the mid-teens by 2020. The main reason: a dollar of added aftermarket sales is more valuable than a dollar of new aircraft sales. Boeing’s aftermarket sales have risen over the last three years and are outpacing the 4.5 percent growth of the broad aftermarket, Dennis Floyd, vice president of services strategy and business development at Boeing, told Reuters. “That means we’re taking market share,” he said. Boeing’s effort is ratcheting up competition with many of its biggest suppliers, including Honeywell International Inc , United Technologies Corp and Rockwell Collins Inc, and repair operations such as Delta Air Lines Inc Technical Operations and Lufthansa Technik – which are all taking action to defend their lucrative franchises. Aftermarket sales typically offer margins of 20 percent or more – which makes expanding its presence in that market crucial to Boeing’s effort to hit Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg’s overall profitability goal, analysts say. Boeing doesn’t break out aftermarket revenue, and has not publicly discussed its aftermarket strategy in detail. Analysts estimate parts and services generate about $15 billion a year, or nearly 16 percent of Boeing’s $96 billion in annual sales, split roughly evenly between its commercial aircraft and defense businesses. Industry experts say Boeing aims to more than triple aftermarket sales to as much as $50 billion over the next 10 years. Boeing declined to confirm a specific target, but the company’s “leadership has set high aspirations,” Floyd said. “We are investing heavily into these businesses.” Boeing has logged its largest number of orders for its “GoldCare” aircraft maintenance service this year, and now counts 60 customers and 2,200 planes in the program. “We’re seeing the returns on these investments,” Floyd said. “COMPETIMATES” Boeing partners with the likes of Honeywell Aerospace to do some repairs. But both are trying to increase their own sales of repairs and parts to airlines. That’s why the two manufacturing heavyweights are “competimates,” said Mike Beazley, vice president of aftermarket sales at Honeywell. “There’s a segment of the market that will pay a premium to deal with one company” through Boeing GoldCare, he said. But many “would still like to have a direct relationship with the biggest suppliers.” At Honeywell Aerospace’s 360,000 square-foot aftermarket center in Phoenix, the largest of its 40 repair stations around the globe, Andrew Newingham recently circled a small auxiliary aircraft engine on his workbench. As a robotic voice called out questions and Newingham answered, a computer logged details about what work the engine needed, reducing to minutes what was formerly an hours-long task involving paper checklists and typing on a computer. Honeywell aims to cut engine repair times to 20 calendar days or less, and offers upgrades and enhancements when engines come in for repairs. “What keeps us competitive and allows us to win new business is being able to offer speed,” said Steve Foust, senior plant director. WINNING ON PRICE Repair organizations also are reacting as Boeing and its European rival Airbus Group SE try to grab business. Boeing partners with Lufthansa Technik on some services. But it also undercuts Lufthansa on others. Low-cost, long-haul airline Norwegian Air Shuttle ASA , for example, considered several service groups, including Lufthansa Technik. In the end it picked GoldCare to maintain its 737 MAX and 787 jets, Asgeir Nyseth, chief operating officer of Norwegian Group, said in an interview. Boeing’s service “was the cheapest one,” he said, adding Norwegian benefited from the increased competition Boeing provided. Boeing and Airbus “have the advantage that they can combine an after-sale service package with the sale of the aircraft,” said Lufthansa Technik’s Frank Berweger, senior vice president of corporate sales for the Americas. In part to counter the aircraft makers, Lufthansa Technik plans to quadruple investment in research and product development to 200 million euros ($219.52 million) to 2018 from 2015, on top of increased spending on tooling and training to service new Boeing and Airbus jetliner types. Engine repairs make up nearly half of the service market, but those are largely beyond the reach of Boeing or Airbus. Engine makers such as General Electric Co and Pratt & Whitney locked up their aftermarket more than a decade ago. Kevin Michaels, president of consulting firm AeroDynamic Advisory, says Boeing will find it difficult to capture $50 billion in services revenue annually — not to mention making a profit — given the strength of some of the suppliers and specialist service companies. “Boeing has to be agile and cost competitive enough to win business from established players,” Michaels said. “They need to be entrepreneurial. That’s a challenge.” (Reuters) Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Pinterest Tags AeroDynamics Advisory Boeing Boeing Co General Electric Kevin Michaels Previous England secure thrilling first Test victory Next AEK juggernaut in five-star show against AEZ Related Articles Google releases app to digitize boxes of old photo prints November 15, 2016 Electric Jaguar SUV highlights auto industry’s cross currents November 15, 2016 German economic growth slows more than expected in Q3 November 15, 2016 French oil major Total to install solar panels at 5,000 service stations November 15, 2016 Oil prices rise on falling shale output, renewed hopes of OPEC cut November 15, 2016 EasyJet profit falls as currency and security woes take toll November 15, 2016 From planes to trains, Lufthansa chefs cater to broader audience November 14, 2016 Siemens to buy Mentor Graphics in $4.5 billion cash deal November 14, 2016 PM May says to be “unashamedly pro-business” November 14, 2016 Check Also China’s Xi tells Trump cooperation is only choice Chinese President Xi Jinping told U.S. President-elect Donald Trump that cooperation was the only choice for relations between the world's two largest economies, with Trump saying the two had established a "clear sense of mutual respect". Indian equities are still set to shine Indian equities are more attractively valued than most other emerging market stocks and could be the star set to shine brightest within the rallying emerging market space due to more attractive valuations and stronger economic fundamentals. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Recent Popular Comments Tags Google releases app to digitize boxes of old photo prints November 15, 2016 Dennis forced to stand down from McLaren November 15, 2016 Akinci reveals territory percentage November 15, 2016 Greeks flock to the streets in protest of Obama visit (PICTURES) November 15, 2016 President stresses need for unity November 15, 2016 Great white shark ‘spotted off Famagusta’ July 4, 2016 What lurks beneath Cyprus waters July 4, 2016 Tax debate gets ugly July 4, 2016 Great white shark ‘spotted off Famagusta’ July 4, 2016 Ayia Napa assailant ‘shot by fellow killer’ July 4, 2016 Alan H. Ferguson.: It is good to take a small break from what must be exhausting talks and negotiat... Roger thecabinboy: so we have proffesional ASTOLOGERS in Cyprus?... jo robinson: time to stop washing the cars & outside the building.... jo robinson: can they be dna tested ,for saying they have relatives.... Costa: When are they going to clamp down on people using their mobile phones whilst dri... Cyprus Turkey police football US Brexit UK Paphos Limassol EU soccer crime Nicosia Russia Britain Islamic State Syria Larnaca Anastasiades Greece China cyprus problem Germany USA France Find us on Facebook Timeline November 15, 2016 Google releases app to digitize boxes of old photo prints November 15, 2016 Dennis forced to stand down from McLaren November 15, 2016 Akinci reveals territory percentage November 15, 2016 Greeks flock to the streets in protest of Obama visit (PICTURES) November 15, 2016 President stresses need for unity THE CYPRUS WEEKLY SUPPLEMENTS Google releases app to digitize boxes of old photo prints Dennis forced to stand down from McLaren Akinci reveals territory percentage Greeks flock to the streets in protest of Obama visit (PICTURES) President stresses need for unity Weather 15C Nicosia scattered clouds humidity: 67% wind: 4km/h W H 16 • L 15 17C Thu 17C Fri 23C Sat 23C Sun 20C Mon Subscribe to the Digital “Cyprus Weekly” Get The Cyprus Weekly before it hits the newsstands at 5 am every Friday. Single issue : 99 cents (instead of €1.60) or Choose a Package: 3 Months - €12.99 6 Months - €24.99 Yearly - €46.99 Get “The Cyprus Weekly” newspaper on iPad Get The Cyprus Weekly before it hits the newsstands at 5 am every Friday. Single issue : 99 cents (instead of €1.60) or Choose a Package: 3 Months - €12.99 6 Months - €24.99 Yearly - €46.99 Recent Posts Google releases app to digitize boxes of old photo prints November 15, 2016 Dennis forced to stand down from McLaren November 15, 2016 Akinci reveals territory percentage November 15, 2016 Greeks flock to the streets in protest of Obama visit (PICTURES) November 15, 2016 President stresses need for unity November 15, 2016 Navigation Home Classifieds Business News Opinions Sports Enjoy Life Going Out Trending Tags Akinci Anastasiades Ayia Napa Brexit Britain China coup crime Cyprus cyprus problem Donald Trump economy Erdogan EU Europe European Union fire football France Germany Greece health Iraq IS Islamic State Israel italy Larnaca Limassol Nicosia Paphos police Premier League Russia soccer Syria terrorism tourism trump Turkey Turkish-Cypriots UK UN US USA Subscribe to InCyprus newsletter Email Address Download the app now free Powered by Phileleftheros © Copyright 2016, All Rights Reserved
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 23° | Max. 31° Air Quality: PSI 40-53 We set you thinking Wednesday 16 November 2016 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Business New home sales jump to 15-month high in October 1479219600 Business Uncertain economy sees 1.9% decline in non-auto retail sales 1479216960 World Polls, Macron campaign launch throw French presidential election wide open 1479252061 World Syria's Assad: must wait and see if Trump lives up to promises to fight militants 1479252521 Business Snapchat files for one of the biggest tech IPOs in years: sources 1479252495 World Greek police fire teargas at protesters in Athens during Obama visit 1479232137 Business Exxon in negotiations with Chad over record $74 billion fine: Bloomberg 1479253043 World Air strikes pound rebel-held east Aleppo after weeks-long pause 1479245630 Singapore Police investigating protest held in solidarity with Malaysia’s Bersih 5.0 1479240060 Singapore Museum visitorship hit record 3.7 million in 2015 1479217860 Singapore Trade, green issues on the agenda for PM at Apec 1479240060 World Key Venezuela lawmakers step down in concession to government 1479251416 World U.S. says war crimes probe of U.S. forces in Afghanistan unwarranted 1479249948 Business Exclusive: EU regulators seen clearing $25 billion Abbott, St Jude deal: source 1479250359 World Air strike targeting militants kills seven in southern Libya: official 1479250641 Business United to restrict low-fare flyers to one carry-on bag 1479250608 Business Wall Street rises, lifted by technology and energy stocks 1479247140 Singapore Programme lauded for helping special-needs children improve skills 1479223860 Singapore TODAY's morning briefing for Nov 16 1479247260 World Central American plan launched to fight gangs, curb migration 1479248485 Business Ford going ahead with moving small car production to Mexico: CEO 1479247289 World U.N. envoy urges Trump to back Syria 'devolution' to beat Islamic State 1479248371 World Russia uses aircraft carrier for big attack on Syrian rebels 1479249304 Business Oil rallies on output cut bets; tech, energy lead stocks up 1479242272 World 'I was forced to kill my best friend', former DRC child soldier says 1479242921 World Argentina shifts drug trafficking offensive to private ports 1479242696 World Ukraine's Poroshenko, Trump agree to meeting: Kiev 1479242349 World France's Fillon gains on Juppe for presidency nomination: poll 1479242160 World Turkish-backed rebels capture main town before IS-held al Bab 1479241781 World U.S. 'strongly condemns' resumption of Russian air strikes in Syria 1479241601 World Merkel to announce decision on fourth term at suitable time: spokesman 1479240251 World German domestic spy chief rejects Turkey's allegation it harbors PKK militants 1479239175 World Algeria's Bouteflika returns from medical check-up in France: state media 1479235789 World North Korea does not care who is president of United States 1479234669 Business SEC approves 'Hubble Telescope' for securities markets 1479245636 Business Republicans to U.S. securities regulator: Leave new rules to Trump 1479246976 World Russia says its missile strikes did not hit Aleppo: Ifax 1479236860 World U.S. to maintain commitment to allies in Asia, admiral says 1479242248 World France, UN tell Trump action on climate change unstoppable 1479242795 World Ex-minister Macron to run for French presidency: source 1479232894 Business Twitter to upgrade some features to thwart cyber-bullying 1479226117 World Cuba pardons 787 prisoners after pope's call for mercy 1479238988 World Kerry announces Yemen ceasefire over objections of government 1479238235 World Obama offers Greece solidarity on debt as police, protesters clash 1479234817 World Turkey says it's tired of 'two-faced' EU attitude 1479242010 World Assange questioned for second day at Ecuador's UK embassy over rape allegation 1479223641 World Germany bans Islamist 'True Religion' group, raiding mosques and flats 1479241561 Business Oil prices soar six percent on renewed hopes of OPEC output deal 1479246173 World Russia's Putin fires economy minister over bribery charges 1479237862 Business Viacom buys Argentine broadcaster from Telefonica for $345 million 1479242721 Business Boeing takes on peers, partners in bid for replacement parts business Mechanic Andrew Newingham uses a wireless headset and voice-controlled computer to quickly input details about an auxiliary power unit engine needing repairs at a Honeywell Aerospace service center in Phoenix. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 1:30 PM, October 24, 2016 Updated: 1:50 PM, October 24, 2016 PHOENIX - In search of higher profits margins, Boeing Co <BA.N> is aiming to win more of the lucrative market for replacement parts and repair services, pitting the plane maker against major suppliers who view that growing $62 billion a year market as their turf. Boeing told Reuters it has added 35,000 parts to stocks it positions around the world to serve airlines in the last year, after analyzing its vast store of aircraft data to see where the parts will be needed. It has also cut prices on 24,000 parts to be more competitive, and it is expanding training and other services. Boeing is trying to capture more profit from spare parts made under license by suppliers as well. To get there, it is producing some new parts in house to gain control over repairs, and sifting its databases to help airlines predict when planes will need service. The maker of such flagship jets as the 787 Dreamliner and top-selling 737 has been building its aftermarket business for years. But as demand for planes has slowed over the last 18 months, Boeing is now turning more aggressively to spare parts and services to help meet its own ambitious targets of doubling overall margins to the mid-teens by 2020. The main reason: a dollar of added aftermarket sales is more valuable than a dollar of new aircraft sales. Boeing's aftermarket sales have risen over the last three years and are outpacing the 4.5 percent growth of the broad aftermarket, Dennis Floyd, vice president of services strategy and business development at Boeing, told Reuters. "That means we're taking market share," he said. Boeing's effort is ratcheting up competition with many of its biggest suppliers, including Honeywell International Inc <HON.N>, United Technologies Corp <UTX.N> and Rockwell Collins Inc <COL.N>, and repair operations such as Delta Air Lines Inc <DAL.N> Technical Operations and Lufthansa <LHAG.DE> Technik - which are all taking action to defend their lucrative franchises. Aftermarket sales typically offer margins of 20 percent or more - which makes expanding its presence in that market crucial to Boeing's effort to hit Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg's overall profitability goal, analysts say. Boeing doesn't break out aftermarket revenue, and has not publicly discussed its aftermarket strategy in detail. Analysts estimate parts and services generate about $15 billion a year, or nearly 16 percent of Boeing's $96 billion in annual sales, split roughly evenly between its commercial aircraft and defense businesses. Industry experts say Boeing aims to more than triple aftermarket sales to as much as $50 billion over the next 10 years. Boeing declined to confirm a specific target, but the company's "leadership has set high aspirations," Floyd said. "We are investing heavily into these businesses." Boeing has logged its largest number of orders for its "GoldCare" aircraft maintenance service this year, and now counts 60 customers and 2,200 planes in the program. "We're seeing the returns on these investments," Floyd said. "COMPETIMATES" Boeing partners with the likes of Honeywell Aerospace to do some repairs. But both are trying to increase their own sales of repairs and parts to airlines. That's why the two manufacturing heavyweights are "competimates," said Mike Beazley, vice president of aftermarket sales at Honeywell. "There's a segment of the market that will pay a premium to deal with one company" through Boeing GoldCare, he said. But many "would still like to have a direct relationship with the biggest suppliers." At Honeywell Aerospace's 360,000 square-foot aftermarket center in Phoenix, the largest of its 40 repair stations around the globe, Andrew Newingham recently circled a small auxiliary aircraft engine on his workbench. As a robotic voice called out questions and Newingham answered, a computer logged details about what work the engine needed, reducing to minutes what was formerly an hours-long task involving paper checklists and typing on a computer. Honeywell aims to cut engine repair times to 20 calendar days or less, and offers upgrades and enhancements when engines come in for repairs. "What keeps us competitive and allows us to win new business is being able to offer speed," said Steve Foust, senior plant director.  WINNING ON PRICE Repair organizations also are reacting as Boeing and its European rival Airbus Group SE <AIR.PA> try to grab business. Boeing partners with Lufthansa Technik [LUFT.UL] on some services. But it also undercuts Lufthansa on others. Low-cost, long-haul airline Norwegian Air Shuttle ASA <NWC.OL>, for example, considered several service groups, including Lufthansa Technik. In the end it picked GoldCare to maintain its 737 MAX and 787 jets, Asgeir Nyseth, chief operating officer of Norwegian Group, said in an interview.  Boeing's service "was the cheapest one," he said, adding Norwegian benefited from the increased competition Boeing provided. Boeing and Airbus "have the advantage that they can combine an after-sale service package with the sale of the aircraft," said Lufthansa Technik's Frank Berweger, senior vice president of corporate sales for the Americas. In part to counter the aircraft makers, Lufthansa Technik plans to quadruple investment in research and product development to 200 million euros ($219.52 million) to 2018 from 2015, on top of increased spending on tooling and training to service new Boeing and Airbus jetliner types. Engine repairs make up nearly half of the service market, but those are largely beyond the reach of Boeing or Airbus. Engine makers such as General Electric Co <GE.N> and Pratt & Whitney locked up their aftermarket more than a decade ago. Kevin Michaels, president of consulting firm AeroDynamic Advisory, says Boeing will find it difficult to capture $50 billion in services revenue annually -- not to mention making a profit -- given the strength of some of the suppliers and specialist service companies. "Boeing has to be agile and cost competitive enough to win business from established players," Michaels said. "They need to be entrepreneurial. That's a challenge." ($1 = 0.9111 euros) REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yum unit Taco Bell to have 8,000 U.S. outlets by end-2022 World debut: Jaguar unveils all-electric I-Pace SUV With 'change in the air', PM May asks business to help on economy While India plugs black money holes, Indians find leaks What’s most worrying about the current economic climate? What next for Singapore’s private housing market? Wells Fargo CEO says bank changing handling of whistleblower complaints Weatherford International CEO Bernard Duroc-Danner leaves Warren Buffett's Berkshire makes surprise U.S. airline bet Wall Street surges after Trump wins White House Inside Today World Syria's Assad: must wait and see if Trump lives up to promises to fight militants Polls, Macron campaign launch throw French presidential election wide open Key Venezuela lawmakers step down in concession to government Air strike targeting militants kills seven in southern Libya: official U.S. says war crimes probe of U.S. forces in Afghanistan unwarranted Business Exxon in negotiations with Chad over record $74 billion fine: Bloomberg Snapchat files for one of the biggest tech IPOs in years: sources United to restrict low-fare flyers to one carry-on bag Exclusive: EU regulators seen clearing $25 billion Abbott, St Jude deal: source Ford going ahead with moving small car production to Mexico: CEO Sports Lions mean business ahead of Suzuki Cup Fiji Rugby Union upset by world awards snub China keen to host Rugby World Cup soon MCCY appoints FAS provisional council, with Lim as president Asean Super League set for Sept 2017 kick-off Entertainment Guns and stunts Vasantham Live concert to showcase local musicians, Tamil hits Doing it Lulu style PPAP singer to come to Singapore French rockers Trumps change name due to US election results About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2016 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Home» Feeds» Thomson Reuters» Canada Business Boeing takes on peers, partners in bid for replacement parts business Add to ... By Alwyn Scott PHOENIX — Reuters Published Monday, Oct. 24, 2016 1:27AM EDT Last updated Monday, Oct. 24, 2016 1:27AM EDT Comments AA In search of higher profits margins, Boeing Co <BA.N> is aiming to win more of the lucrative market for replacement parts and repair services, pitting the plane maker against major suppliers who view that growing $62 billion a year market as their turf. Boeing told Reuters it has added 35,000 parts to stocks it positions around the world to serve airlines in the last year, after analyzing its vast store of aircraft data to see where the parts will be needed. It has also cut prices on 24,000 parts to be more competitive, and it is expanding training and other services. Boeing is trying to capture more profit from spare parts made under license by suppliers as well. To get there, it is producing some new parts in house to gain control over repairs, and sifting its databases to help airlines predict when planes will need service. The maker of such flagship jets as the 787 Dreamliner and top-selling 737 has been building its aftermarket business for years. But as demand for planes has slowed over the last 18 months, Boeing is now turning more aggressively to spare parts and services to help meet its own ambitious targets of doubling overall margins to the mid-teens by 2020. The main reason: a dollar of added aftermarket sales is more valuable than a dollar of new aircraft sales. Boeing's aftermarket sales have risen over the last three years and are outpacing the 4.5 percent growth of the broad aftermarket, Dennis Floyd, vice president of services strategy and business development at Boeing, told Reuters. "That means we're taking market share," he said. Boeing's effort is ratcheting up competition with many of its biggest suppliers, including Honeywell International Inc <HON.N>, United Technologies Corp <UTX.N> and Rockwell Collins Inc <COL.N>, and repair operations such as Delta Air Lines Inc <DAL.N> Technical Operations and Lufthansa <LHAG.DE> Technik - which are all taking action to defend their lucrative franchises. Aftermarket sales typically offer margins of 20 percent or more - which makes expanding its presence in that market crucial to Boeing's effort to hit Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg's overall profitability goal, analysts say. Boeing doesn't break out aftermarket revenue, and has not publicly discussed its aftermarket strategy in detail. Analysts estimate parts and services generate about $15 billion a year, or nearly 16 percent of Boeing's $96 billion in annual sales, split roughly evenly between its commercial aircraft and defense businesses. Industry experts say Boeing aims to more than triple aftermarket sales to as much as $50 billion over the next 10 years. Boeing declined to confirm a specific target, but the company's "leadership has set high aspirations," Floyd said. "We are investing heavily into these businesses." Boeing has logged its largest number of orders for its "GoldCare" aircraft maintenance service this year, and now counts 60 customers and 2,200 planes in the program. "We're seeing the returns on these investments," Floyd said. "COMPETIMATES" Boeing partners with the likes of Honeywell Aerospace to do some repairs. But both are trying to increase their own sales of repairs and parts to airlines. That's why the two manufacturing heavyweights are "competimates," said Mike Beazley, vice president of aftermarket sales at Honeywell. "There's a segment of the market that will pay a premium to deal with one company" through Boeing GoldCare, he said. But many "would still like to have a direct relationship with the biggest suppliers." At Honeywell Aerospace's 360,000 square-foot aftermarket center in Phoenix, the largest of its 40 repair stations around the globe, Andrew Newingham recently circled a small auxiliary aircraft engine on his workbench. As a robotic voice called out questions and Newingham answered, a computer logged details about what work the engine needed, reducing to minutes what was formerly an hours-long task involving paper checklists and typing on a computer. Honeywell aims to cut engine repair times to 20 calendar days or less, and offers upgrades and enhancements when engines come in for repairs. "What keeps us competitive and allows us to win new business is being able to offer speed," said Steve Foust, senior plant director.  WINNING ON PRICE Repair organizations also are reacting as Boeing and its European rival Airbus Group SE <AIR.PA> try to grab business. Boeing partners with Lufthansa Technik [LUFT.UL] on some services. But it also undercuts Lufthansa on others. Low-cost, long-haul airline Norwegian Air Shuttle ASA <NWC.OL>, for example, considered several service groups, including Lufthansa Technik. In the end it picked GoldCare to maintain its 737 MAX and 787 jets, Asgeir Nyseth, chief operating officer of Norwegian Group, said in an interview.  Boeing's service "was the cheapest one," he said, adding Norwegian benefited from the increased competition Boeing provided. Boeing and Airbus "have the advantage that they can combine an after-sale service package with the sale of the aircraft," said Lufthansa Technik's Frank Berweger, senior vice president of corporate sales for the Americas. In part to counter the aircraft makers, Lufthansa Technik plans to quadruple investment in research and product development to 200 million euros ($219.52 million) to 2018 from 2015, on top of increased spending on tooling and training to service new Boeing and Airbus jetliner types. Engine repairs make up nearly half of the service market, but those are largely beyond the reach of Boeing or Airbus. Engine makers such as General Electric Co <GE.N> and Pratt & Whitney locked up their aftermarket more than a decade ago. Kevin Michaels, president of consulting firm AeroDynamic Advisory, says Boeing will find it difficult to capture $50 billion in services revenue annually -- not to mention making a profit -- given the strength of some of the suppliers and specialist service companies. "Boeing has to be agile and cost competitive enough to win business from established players," Michaels said. "They need to be entrepreneurial. That's a challenge." ($1 = 0.9111 euros) (Reporting by Alwyn Scott; editing by Edward Tobin) This content appears as provided to The Globe by the originating wire service. It has not been edited by Globe staff.   BA-NBoeing Co Latest Price$148.11 -1.88 (-1.25%) HON-NHoneywell International Inc Latest Price$113.12 +0.08 (+0.07%) Updated November 15 4:01 PM EST. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. Topics Reuters AG The Boeing Company Deutsche Lufthansa AG Honeywell International, Inc. Comments AA Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} In the know Globe Drive Is there a downside to driving on winter tires in the summer? Life Ten tips for coaxing the best flavours from your slow cooker Report on Business Companies with small dividends can still yield big returns Globe Investor Why blue-chip financial firms are sweetening the deal for preferred shares Report on Business Become deliberate in what you do in order to succeed The Globe Recommends {{title}} Most popular videos » News Bernie Sanders 'deeply humiliated,' wants "profound change" in Democratic Party News Who is Melania Trump? News Bill Murray crashes the White House briefing room, takes questions from reporters News Obama on Trump: 'Reality has a way of asserting itself' News Cows rescued after being stranded in New Zealand quake Life Video: Celebrity chef Anthony Bourdain offers his best dinner party tips News Donald Trump a 'bump in the road' in climate fight: David Suzuki Report on Business Trump victory taking shine off gold News The history behind Soldiers' Tower at the University of Toronto News 'Supermoon' spectacle wows sky-watchers Report on Business How to get the most out of your CMHC insurance Report on Business How do robo-advisers benefit millennials? ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Report on Business Robotics firm’s lasers reveal ocean’s deepest secrets Report on Business How obscure retailers can gain a customer’s trust online More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business Adam Zimmerman: Noranda executive was a fervent nationalist Life Sharing aesthetics: How to make someone else at home in your home Most popular West Virginia mayor quits over response to racist post about Michelle Obama Trump staff shake-up slows transition to near halt Who will Trump pick for his cabinet? A list of some likely contenders​ Greek police use stun grenades, tear gas as thousands protest Obama visit Racist post about Michelle Obama causes backlash X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Copyright 2016 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 444 Front St. W., Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5V 2S9 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. x Customize your reading font XS S M L XL The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Monday, 24 October 2016 | MYT 1:35 PM Boeing takes on peers, partners in bid for replacement parts business by alwyn scott PHOENIX: In search of higher profits margins, Boeing Co is aiming to win more of the lucrative market for replacement parts and repair services, pitting the plane maker against major suppliers who view that growing US$62 billion a year market as their turf. Boeing told Reuters it has added 35,000 parts to stocks it positions around the world to serve airlines in the last year, after analysing its vast store of aircraft data to see where the parts will be needed. It has also cut prices on 24,000 parts to be more competitive, and it is expanding training and other services. Boeing is trying to capture more profit from spare parts made under licence by suppliers as well. To get there, it is producing some new parts in-house to gain control over repairs, and sifting its databases to help airlines predict when planes will need service. The maker of such flagship jets as the 787 Dreamliner and top-selling 737 has been building its aftermarket business for years. But as demand for planes has slowed over the last 18 months, Boeing is now turning more aggressively to spare parts and services to help meet its own ambitious targets of doubling overall margins to the mid-teens by 2020. The main reason: a dollar of added aftermarket sales is more valuable than a dollar of new aircraft sales. Boeing's aftermarket sales have risen over the last three years and are outpacing the 4.5% growth of the broad aftermarket, Dennis Floyd, vice-president of services strategy and business development at Boeing, told Reuters. "That means we're taking market share," he said. Boeing's effort is ratcheting up competition with many of its biggest suppliers, including Honeywell International Inc, United Technologies Corp and Rockwell Collins Inc, and repair operations such as Delta Air Lines Inc Technical Operations and Lufthansa Technik - which are all taking action to defend their lucrative franchises. Aftermarket sales typically offer margins of 20% or more - which makes expanding its presence in that market crucial to Boeing's effort to hit chief executive Dennis Muilenburg's overall profitability goal, analysts say. Boeing doesn't break out aftermarket revenue, and has not publicly discussed its aftermarket strategy in detail. Analysts estimate parts and services to generate about US$15 billion a year, or nearly 16% of Boeing's US$96 billion in annual sales, split roughly evenly between its commercial aircraft and defense businesses. Industry experts say Boeing aims to more than triple aftermarket sales to as much as US$50 billion over the next 10 years. Boeing declined to confirm a specific target, but the company's "leadership has set high aspirations," Floyd said. "We are investing heavily into these businesses."  Boeing has logged its largest number of orders for its "GoldCare" aircraft maintenance service this year, and now counts 60 customers and 2,200 planes in the program. "We're seeing the returns on these investments," Floyd said. "COMPETIMATES"  Boeing partners with the likes of Honeywell Aerospace to do some repairs. But both are trying to increase their own sales of repairs and parts to airlines.  That's why the two manufacturing heavyweights are "competimates," said Mike Beazley, vice-president of aftermarket sales at Honeywell. "There's a segment of the market that will pay a premium to deal with one company" through Boeing GoldCare, he said. But many "would still like to have a direct relationship with the biggest suppliers."  At Honeywell Aerospace's 360,000-sq-ft aftermarket centre in Phoenix, the largest of its 40 repair stations around the globe, Andrew Newingham recently circled a small auxiliary aircraft engine on his workbench. As a robotic voice called out questions and Newingham answered, a computer logged details about what work the engine needed, reducing to minutes what was formerly an hours-long task involving paper checklists and typing on a computer. Honeywell aims to cut engine repair times to 20 calendar days or less, and offers upgrades and enhancements when engines come in for repairs. "What keeps us competitive and allows us to win new business is being able to offer speed," said Steve Foust, senior plant director. WINNING ON PRICE Repair organisations also are reacting as Boeing and its European rival Airbus Group SE try to grab business. Boeing partners with Lufthansa Technik on some services. But it also undercuts Lufthansa on others. Low-cost, long-haul airline Norwegian Air Shuttle ASA, for example, considered several service groups, including Lufthansa Technik. In the end it picked GoldCare to maintain its 737 MAX and 787 jets, Asgeir Nyseth, chief operating officer of Norwegian Group, said in an interview. Boeing's service "was the cheapest one," he said, adding that Norwegian benefited from the increased competition Boeing provided. Boeing and Airbus "have the advantage that they can combine an after-sale service package with the sale of the aircraft," said Lufthansa Technik's Frank Berweger, senior vice-president of corporate sales for the Americas. In part to counter the aircraft makers, Lufthansa Technik plans to quadruple investment in research and product development to 200 million euros (US$219.52 million) to 2018 from 2015, on top of increased spending on tooling and training to service new Boeing and Airbus jetliner types. Engine repairs make up nearly half of the service market, but those are largely beyond the reach of Boeing or Airbus. Engine makers such as General Electric Co and Pratt & Whitney locked up their aftermarket more than a decade ago. Kevin Michaels, president of consulting firm AeroDynamic Advisory, says Boeing will find it difficult to capture US$50 billion in services revenue annually - not to mention making a profit - given the strength of some of the suppliers and specialist service companies. "Boeing has to be agile and cost competitive enough to win business from established players," Michaels said. "They need to be entrepreneurial. That's a challenge." - Reuters Tags / Keywords: Corporate News , Airlines You May Be Interested Closure of 106 bank branches due to rationalisation plans, says Deputy Finance Minister Weak ringgit to impact 5 sectors Best smartphones for the holidays Alibaba's founder to support 'mini Jack Ma' until university graduation Private-public partnerships in a connected world Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Others Also Read Tourists now prefer lodgings with Airbnb flavour, hoteliers told Some 14 million in northeast Nigeria may need humanitarian aid in 2017 - U.N. MRT fare starts at RM1 Property Related advertisement Latest News There is no "truly low-cost" airlines in Asia, there is a gap for this Malaysian palm oil price declines for 2nd session in a row Oil rallies on OPEC deal bets; tech, energy boost global stocks Google announces new London office, 3,000 jobs expected Wall Street rises, helped by tech and energy (Update 1) Most Viewed in Business MRT fare starts at RM1 Weak ringgit to impact 5 sectors There is no "truly low-cost" airlines in Asia, there is a gap for this Malaysia Airlines mulls purchase of 25 widebody jets next year EPF, Eco World in JV to develop township, business park in Selangor Google announces new London office, 3,000 jobs expected Oil rallies on OPEC deal bets; tech, energy boost global stocks PDZ stops fund-raising exercise for proposed billion-ringgit LPG project MP Evans rejects KL Kepong’s sweetened takeover offer (Update) Malaysian palm oil price declines for 2nd session in a row advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Boeing takes on peers, partners in bid for replacement parts business News TV Premier Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Boeing takes on peers, partners in bid for replacement parts business In search of higher profits margins, Boeing Co is aiming to win more of the lucrative market for replacement parts and repair services, pitting the plane maker against major suppliers who view that growing US$62 billion a year market as their turf. Posted 24 Oct 2016 13:30 The Boeing logo is seen at their headquarters in Chicago, in this April 24, 2013 file photo. REUTERS/Jim Young/File Photo - RTX2BW1T Enlarge Caption  Email More A A PHOENIX: In search of higher profits margins, Boeing Co is aiming to win more of the lucrative market for replacement parts and repair services, pitting the plane maker against major suppliers who view that growing US$62 billion a year market as their turf. Boeing told Reuters it has added 35,000 parts to stocks it positions around the world to serve airlines in the last year, after analyzing its vast store of aircraft data to see where the parts will be needed. It has also cut prices on 24,000 parts to be more competitive, and it is expanding training and other services. Boeing is trying to capture more profit from spare parts made under license by suppliers as well. To get there, it is producing some new parts in house to gain control over repairs, and sifting its databases to help airlines predict when planes will need service. The maker of such flagship jets as the 787 Dreamliner and top-selling 737 has been building its aftermarket business for years. But as demand for planes has slowed over the last 18 months, Boeing is now turning more aggressively to spare parts and services to help meet its own ambitious targets of doubling overall margins to the mid-teens by 2020. The main reason: a dollar of added aftermarket sales is more valuable than a dollar of new aircraft sales. Boeing's aftermarket sales have risen over the last three years and are outpacing the 4.5 percent growth of the broad aftermarket, Dennis Floyd, vice president of services strategy and business development at Boeing, told Reuters. "That means we're taking market share," he said. Boeing's effort is ratcheting up competition with many of its biggest suppliers, including Honeywell International Inc , United Technologies Corp and Rockwell Collins Inc , and repair operations such as Delta Air Lines Inc Technical Operations and Lufthansa Technik - which are all taking action to defend their lucrative franchises. Aftermarket sales typically offer margins of 20 percent or more - which makes expanding its presence in that market crucial to Boeing's effort to hit Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg's overall profitability goal, analysts say. Boeing doesn't break out aftermarket revenue, and has not publicly discussed its aftermarket strategy in detail. Analysts estimate parts and services generate about US$15 billion a year, or nearly 16 percent of Boeing's US$96 billion in annual sales, split roughly evenly between its commercial aircraft and defense businesses. Industry experts say Boeing aims to more than triple aftermarket sales to as much as US$50 billion over the next 10 years. Boeing declined to confirm a specific target, but the company's "leadership has set high aspirations," Floyd said. "We are investing heavily into these businesses." Boeing has logged its largest number of orders for its "GoldCare" aircraft maintenance service this year, and now counts 60 customers and 2,200 planes in the program. "We're seeing the returns on these investments," Floyd said. "COMPETIMATES" Boeing partners with the likes of Honeywell Aerospace to do some repairs. But both are trying to increase their own sales of repairs and parts to airlines. That's why the two manufacturing heavyweights are "competimates," said Mike Beazley, vice president of aftermarket sales at Honeywell. "There's a segment of the market that will pay a premium to deal with one company" through Boeing GoldCare, he said. But many "would still like to have a direct relationship with the biggest suppliers." At Honeywell Aerospace's 360,000 square-foot aftermarket center in Phoenix, the largest of its 40 repair stations around the globe, Andrew Newingham recently circled a small auxiliary aircraft engine on his workbench. As a robotic voice called out questions and Newingham answered, a computer logged details about what work the engine needed, reducing to minutes what was formerly an hours-long task involving paper checklists and typing on a computer. Honeywell aims to cut engine repair times to 20 calendar days or less, and offers upgrades and enhancements when engines come in for repairs. "What keeps us competitive and allows us to win new business is being able to offer speed," said Steve Foust, senior plant director.  WINNING ON PRICE Repair organizations also are reacting as Boeing and its European rival Airbus Group SE try to grab business. Boeing partners with Lufthansa Technik on some services. But it also undercuts Lufthansa on others. Low-cost, long-haul airline Norwegian Air Shuttle ASA , for example, considered several service groups, including Lufthansa Technik. In the end it picked GoldCare to maintain its 737 MAX and 787 jets, Asgeir Nyseth, chief operating officer of Norwegian Group, said in an interview.  Boeing's service "was the cheapest one," he said, adding Norwegian benefited from the increased competition Boeing provided. Boeing and Airbus "have the advantage that they can combine an after-sale service package with the sale of the aircraft," said Lufthansa Technik's Frank Berweger, senior vice president of corporate sales for the Americas. In part to counter the aircraft makers, Lufthansa Technik plans to quadruple investment in research and product development to 200 million euros (US$219.52 million) to 2018 from 2015, on top of increased spending on tooling and training to service new Boeing and Airbus jetliner types. Engine repairs make up nearly half of the service market, but those are largely beyond the reach of Boeing or Airbus. Engine makers such as General Electric Co and Pratt & Whitney locked up their aftermarket more than a decade ago. Kevin Michaels, president of consulting firm AeroDynamic Advisory, says Boeing will find it difficult to capture US$50 billion in services revenue annually - not to mention making a profit - given the strength of some of the suppliers and specialist service companies. "Boeing has to be agile and cost competitive enough to win business from established players," Michaels said. "They need to be entrepreneurial. That's a challenge." (US$1 = 0.9111 euros) (Reporting by Alwyn Scott; editing by Edward Tobin) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2016 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Boeing takes on peers, partners in bid for replacement parts business By Alwyn Scott ReutersOctober 24, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share View photos Mechanic Andrew Newingham uses a wireless headset and voice-controlled computer to quickly input details about an auxiliary power unit engine needing repairs at a Honeywell Aerospace service center in Phoenix, Arizona September 6, 2016. REUTERS/Alwyn ScottMore By Alwyn Scott PHOENIX (Reuters) - In search of higher profits margins, Boeing Co is aiming to win more of the lucrative market for replacement parts and repair services, pitting the plane maker against major suppliers who view that growing $62 billion a year market as their turf. Boeing told Reuters it has added 35,000 parts to stocks it positions around the world to serve airlines in the last year, after analyzing its vast store of aircraft data to see where the parts will be needed. It has also cut prices on 24,000 parts to be more competitive, and it is expanding training and other services. Boeing is trying to capture more profit from spare parts made under license by suppliers as well. To get there, it is producing some new parts in house to gain control over repairs, and sifting its databases to help airlines predict when planes will need service. The maker of such flagship jets as the 787 Dreamliner and top-selling 737 has been building its aftermarket business for years. But as demand for planes has slowed over the last 18 months, Boeing is now turning more aggressively to spare parts and services to help meet its own ambitious targets of doubling overall margins to the mid-teens by 2020. The main reason: a dollar of added aftermarket sales is more valuable than a dollar of new aircraft sales. Boeing's aftermarket sales have risen over the last three years and are outpacing the 4.5 percent growth of the broad aftermarket, Dennis Floyd, vice president of services strategy and business development at Boeing, told Reuters. "That means we're taking market share," he said. Boeing's effort is ratcheting up competition with many of its biggest suppliers, including Honeywell International Inc , United Technologies Corp and Rockwell Collins Inc , and repair operations such as Delta Air Lines Inc Technical Operations and Lufthansa Technik - which are all taking action to defend their lucrative franchises. Aftermarket sales typically offer margins of 20 percent or more - which makes expanding its presence in that market crucial to Boeing's effort to hit Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg's overall profitability goal, analysts say. Boeing doesn't break out aftermarket revenue, and has not publicly discussed its aftermarket strategy in detail. Analysts estimate parts and services generate about $15 billion a year, or nearly 16 percent of Boeing's $96 billion in annual sales, split roughly evenly between its commercial aircraft and defense businesses. Industry experts say Boeing aims to more than triple aftermarket sales to as much as $50 billion over the next 10 years. Boeing declined to confirm a specific target, but the company's "leadership has set high aspirations," Floyd said. "We are investing heavily into these businesses." Boeing has logged its largest number of orders for its "GoldCare" aircraft maintenance service this year, and now counts 60 customers and 2,200 planes in the program. "We're seeing the returns on these investments," Floyd said. "COMPETIMATES" Boeing partners with the likes of Honeywell Aerospace to do some repairs. But both are trying to increase their own sales of repairs and parts to airlines. That's why the two manufacturing heavyweights are "competimates," said Mike Beazley, vice president of aftermarket sales at Honeywell. "There's a segment of the market that will pay a premium to deal with one company" through Boeing GoldCare, he said. But many "would still like to have a direct relationship with the biggest suppliers." At Honeywell Aerospace's 360,000 square-foot aftermarket center in Phoenix, the largest of its 40 repair stations around the globe, Andrew Newingham recently circled a small auxiliary aircraft engine on his workbench. As a robotic voice called out questions and Newingham answered, a computer logged details about what work the engine needed, reducing to minutes what was formerly an hours-long task involving paper checklists and typing on a computer. Honeywell aims to cut engine repair times to 20 calendar days or less, and offers upgrades and enhancements when engines come in for repairs. "What keeps us competitive and allows us to win new business is being able to offer speed," said Steve Foust, senior plant director.  WINNING ON PRICE Repair organizations also are reacting as Boeing and its European rival Airbus Group SE try to grab business. Boeing partners with Lufthansa Technik [LUFT.UL] on some services. But it also undercuts Lufthansa on others. Low-cost, long-haul airline Norwegian Air Shuttle ASA , for example, considered several service groups, including Lufthansa Technik. In the end it picked GoldCare to maintain its 737 MAX and 787 jets, Asgeir Nyseth, chief operating officer of Norwegian Group, said in an interview.  Boeing's service "was the cheapest one," he said, adding Norwegian benefited from the increased competition Boeing provided. Boeing and Airbus "have the advantage that they can combine an after-sale service package with the sale of the aircraft," said Lufthansa Technik's Frank Berweger, senior vice president of corporate sales for the Americas. In part to counter the aircraft makers, Lufthansa Technik plans to quadruple investment in research and product development to 200 million euros ($219.52 million) to 2018 from 2015, on top of increased spending on tooling and training to service new Boeing and Airbus jetliner types. Engine repairs make up nearly half of the service market, but those are largely beyond the reach of Boeing or Airbus. Engine makers such as General Electric Co and Pratt & Whitney locked up their aftermarket more than a decade ago. Kevin Michaels, president of consulting firm AeroDynamic Advisory, says Boeing will find it difficult to capture $50 billion in services revenue annually -- not to mention making a profit -- given the strength of some of the suppliers and specialist service companies. "Boeing has to be agile and cost competitive enough to win business from established players," Michaels said. "They need to be entrepreneurial. That's a challenge." ($1 = 0.9111 euros) (Reporting by Alwyn Scott; editing by Edward Tobin) Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next China won’t buy Boeing planes, iPhones, or US corn if Trump starts a trade war, a state tabloid says Quartz Boeing shares fall as United Airlines defers $5 billion order Reuters Another boost for biofuel: Waste wood helps power Alaska Airlines commercial jet GeekWire ‘Suspicious’ China has a pointed message for Donald Trump about Apple and Boeing MarketWatch Boeing to consolidate defense, space and security business Reuters Harry Reid blasts Trump, Bannon from Senate floor Yahoo News High Times in the Mile-High City Yahoo News Video Ivanka Trump Wore a $10K Bracelet From Her Own Label on 60 Minutes — and Social Media Is Erupting Yahoo Style Miami Marlins Jose Fernandez dies in boating accident Yahoo News Photo Staff 'Beverly Hills, 90210' Cast Pays Tribute to Shannen Doherty ABC News 5 students stabbed at Utah high school Yahoo News Video Pilot goes on epic rant after political fight breaks out on airplane Mashable Carrie Fisher Reveals She Had an Affair With Harrison Ford on ‘Star Wars’: ‘It Was So Intense’ People Republican Ben Carson opts against job in Trump Cabinet Reuters Flamingos from above Yahoo News Photo Staff Amazon promises to change its 'Hunger Games' employee review process Business Insider Jeh Johnson: Deporting 2-3 Million Would Cost 'Billions' TT: Jeh Johnson, your fired! Keeping these illegals here cost us more than that. E verify, no more anchor babies, no more welfare. Fine businesses that hire these vermin. They will self deport Join the Conversation 1 / 5 191 Sen. Harry Reid calls Stephen Bannon a ‘champion of white supremacy’ Yahoo News Video Halle Berry Celebrates Being 50 By Modeling Her Lingerie Line People Pickups of the Week: C.J. Prosise joins the party Roto Arcade Amid signs of transition trouble, Trump huddles with Pence Associated Press Eugene Richards’ ‘Below the Line: Living Poor in America’ Yahoo News Photo Staff Trump on 60 Minutes: if Roe v. Wade is overturned, women will “have to go to another state” Vox.com Reid responds to Trump’s choice of chief White House strategist Yahoo News Video DWTS’ Val Chmerkovskiy Reveals He Kept Laurie Hernandez’s Grandmother’s Death a Secret from Her for Two Days People Democratic Sen. Boxer plans bill to scrap Electoral College Yahoo News 5 Utah students stabbed in boy's locker room, teen detained Associated Press Photos of the day - October 14, 2016 Yahoo News Photo Staff China's first woman to fly J-10 fighter plane killed in crash International Business Times UK Ben Carson reportedly decides against job in Trump Cabinet Yahoo News Video Southwest employee shot dead in Oklahoma airport, flights halted Reuters Tens of Thousands of Dead Fish Turn Up in New York Bay, State Environmental Officials Launch Investigation Good Morning America 11 surprising jobs where you can earn more than $100,000 a year CNBC Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Finance > Rockwell Collins Buying B/E Aerospace for $6.4 Billion Rockwell Collins Buying B/E Aerospace for $6.4 Billion Oct 23, 2016 Bloomberg EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 The deal, which is slated to close in early 2017, is the latest in a spate of mergers involving suppliers to Boeing Co. and Airbus Group SE as the commercial aircraft industry braces for slower growth following a decade-long sales cycle.  Rockwell Collins Advertisement Rockwell Collins Inc. is acquiring B/E Aerospace Inc. for $6.4 billion in cash and stock, broadening its aerospace supplier business with the largest acquisition in the avionics company’s 83-year history. B/E Aerospace investors will get $34.10 in cash and $27.90 in shares of Rockwell Collins common stock, for a total consideration of $62 a share, the companies said in a statement Sunday. That’s a 23% premium over B/E Aerospace’s closing price on Friday. With the assumption of $1.9 billion of debt, the purchase comes to $8.3 billion, according to the statement. The deal, which is slated to close in early 2017, is the latest in a spate of mergers involving suppliers to Boeing Co. and Airbus Group SE as the commercial aircraft industry braces for slower growth following a decade-long sales cycle. Shares of Rockwell Collins have fallen 8.5% this year. With the deal, Rockwell Collins vastly broadens a product portfolio that has been centered on aircraft communications and computing equipment since the Cedar Rapids, Iowa-based company was spun out of Rockwell International in 2001. Popular Now More 'Must Have' Metrics to Drive Continuous Improvement Trump is Right on Trade, But He Doesn’t Know Why How to Reduce Costs through Supply Chain Network Optimization Luxurious Seats B/E Aerospace Inc. is the largest supplier of airline cabin equipment, ranging from luxurious seats as expensive as Ferrari to modular lavatories. On a pro-forma basis, the combined manufacturer would have almost 30,000 employees, $8.1 billion in revenue and $1.9 billion in earnings before interest, taxes, debt and amortization for the 12 months ended Sept. 30, 2016. “This transformational acquisition is consistent with our strategy to accelerate growth and build value through market-leading positions in cockpit and cabin solutions,” Kelly Ortberg, chief executive officer of Rockwell Collins, said in the statement. “We see tremendous opportunity to better serve our commercial aviation, business jet and military customers through broader offerings.” The boards of both companies have approved the transaction, which will still need to pass muster with shareholders. Although there is little apparent overlap in the two companies’ product portfolios, Rockwell Collins has identified $160 million in potential synergies, the companies said. Werner Lieberherr, B/E Aerospace’s chief executive, will be named executive vice-president and chief operating officer of a newly created aircraft interiors division after the merger closes. Fourth-Quarter Earnings Separately, Rockwell Collins said profit from continuing operations in its fiscal fourth quarter rose to $1.58 a share, up from $1.38 a year earlier. Analysts expected adjusted earnings of $1.57, according to the average of 17 estimates compiled by Bloomberg. Sales in the period rose 4.4% from a year earlier to $1.45 billion, trailing the average analyst estimate of $1.48 billion. Equipment sales were hurt by lower planemaker production rates, including Airbus’s A330 widebody jetliner, the company said. For its 2017 fiscal year, the company said it expects revenue between $5.3 billion and $5.4 billion -- that’s on a standalone basis, and doesn’t account for the deal with B/E Aerospace. By Julie Johnsson Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Advertisement Related Articles Rockwell Collins Inc.: Aerospace Market Recovery 'Tenuous' Boeing 'Delinquent' on Supplier Payments, Rockwell Collins Says 2 Canada's Encana to Buy Texas Oil Company for $7.1 Billion Textron Buys Beechcraft for $1.4 Billion Lenovo to Buy IBM's Low-end Server Business for $2.3 Billion THE LATEST Can Social Media Improve Profitability of Your Manufacturing Operations? 8% Growth Predicted for Automated Material Handling Cummins Powers Ahead on Investors' Positive Thinking: Commentary Wages Rising at Fastest Pace in Nearly Eight Years A $900 Billion Oil Treasure Lies Beneath West Texas Desert Ford CEO Warns of Big Impact From Trump’s Proposed 35% Tariff More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week Nov 8, 2016 Exclusive IndustryWeek Michelin's David Stafford: Every Conversation Begins with People Michelin North America's David Stafford discusses his cross-discipline career path from engineer to human resources leadership, and his "people first" approach....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek Trump is Right on Trade, But He Doesn’t Know Why More 'Must Have' Metrics to Drive Continuous Improvement Why Mission and Vision Statements Seldom Drive Discussion -- and Why That Should Change Safety and Quality: 'Must Have' Metrics for Continuous Improvement Who is Killing American Manufacturing? IW Webinars The Benefits of 3D Printing for Your Business Shift your Labor Strategy to Attract and Engage Top Talent The Future of Making Things: Using Advanced Technologies to Increase Innovation The Cycle of Trust and Accountability Unlocking SMB Potential with Exporting View All Hot Topics IoT Emerge 2016 Manufacturing Day 2016 The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers Modernizing Metals Management Four Use Cases Show Real-World Impact of IoT Connected Mine Best of Rockwell Automation TechED 2016 Building a Mobile Centre of Excellence: Where to Start and How to Succeed More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton
Tuesday, November 15, 2016 Weather: 55° Forecast Classifieds: Homes Jobs Businesses Classifieds Digital Edition Subscribe Make a Payment Sign In Search: Sections News Sports Opinion Obituaries Go! Lifestyle Media Blogs Festival raises funds for PAC Wenatchee man dies while retrieving items on highway Snow hits region, but warmer temps to return soon More Headlines Health-care clinic to open at college  Happy ‘Utilities Against Scams Day’  Mom still searching for Jessie Grace  Law gives county appraisers access to private property  Slower speed limit coming to Grand Coulee  Other News Northwest Local National World Elections Business Seven in a row: Wenatchee offense comes alive in 6-1 win over Trail Prep girls swimming and diving state championships: Panthers take second at state meet, leave with mixed feelings Prep girls soccer state tournaments: Cascade shocks Seattle Academy in 2OT to advance More Headlines Prep volleyball state tournament Saturday: Cascade takes sixth in Yakima  Seahawks stop Blount on the doorstep to exact Super Bowl revenge, beat Pats  Sounders FC’s Morris named MLS Rookie of the Year after stellar campaign  Carroll not impressed with Patriots fans at Gillette  Patriots wanted flag on last play in endzone  Other Sports Professional Local High School National Rec Wilf Woods | Tracking the origin of our dogs GWATA leader sees big opportunity with STEM network Wilf Woods : Ready to downsize More Headlines Editorial Board | Our concern is still forest health  Editorial Board | Applause is due  Editorial Board | An era is ending  Safety Valve | Letters from readers  George Will | A respite from furiousness, please  Other Opinion Local Solutions John Krause Marsha Lynn (Stanford) Head Funeral Service Directory More Headlines Gordon E. Bemrose  Thomas Melvin Foley  Marlene J. (Seabrook) Gillis  Perry Hannah  Mary Ann Gray  'A ski film for the rest of us:" North 40 Productions' 'Lifted' pays homage to Mission Ridge 'One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest' comes to Tonasket Check it out: Our art and entertainment picks this week More Headlines The Planner  Flick Picks: Movie show times for Nov. 11-17  Night Out: Clubs and pubs with entertainment  Celebrating 40 years: Robert Graves Gallery to exhibit founder’s work  Writer and illustrator brings comics, coding and more to regional schools and libraries this week  Other Go! Arts Music Events Movies Reader Scrapbook Parents invited to learn about Camp Fire programs Conservation advocacy program seeks interns More Headlines Advocacy session aimed at non-profit staff, board members  Classes  Pet of the Week | Baby Bot is a cutie  Annual drag show raises funds for housing program  Meeting notices  Other Lifestyle Food Neighbors At Home Health Family & Faith Your News videos Price is Right Live @ TTC on Dec.4th @ 7pm photos Photo Gallery: Cashmere honors veterans photos Photo Galley: Election night 2016 More Galleries Photo Gallery: Cascade beats Lakeside in playoff soccer Photo Gallery: Wenatchee girls beat Moses Lake in soccer Photo Gallery: April Drive House Fire Photo Gallery: Cascade beats Naches Valley in soccer Photo Gallery: Celebrating Día de los Muertos Other Multimedia Latest Videos Latest Photos Photo Galleries Share Your Photos Webcams Winemaker's Journal -- Cairdeas takes best of show at Tri-Cities Wine Fest Everyday Business | Toolbox to close WHS swimmers 2nd at state for second time in four years More Headlines Greg Asimakoupoulos | Remembering a veteran who modeled gratitude Dave Bartholomew | Consider the components of your expenditures Two Panther girls teams at state - swimming and soccer Everyday Business | Think ho-ho-home energy savings this holiday season WVC volleyball in fnal home match today Other Blogs Index Community Connections Blog Directory Staff Blogs Recent Posts Staff Posts Blog Photos Blog Videos Weather The latest extended forecast from The Weather Channel Remove this weather forecast Related content Webcams » This Afternoon Hi53° Isolated Showers Tonight Lo37° Isolated Showers then Partly Cloudy Wednesday Hi48° Mostly Sunny Wednesday Night Lo33° Patchy Fog Thursday Hi45° Patchy Fog then Partly Sunny Thursday Night Lo30° Patchy Fog Friday Hi43° Patchy Fog then Partly Sunny Friday Night Lo34° Slight Chance Rain Saturday Hi42° Chance Rain Saturday Night Lo36° Chance Rain More for you:Obituaries John Krause  Marsha Lynn (Stanford) Head  Funeral Service Directory  Gordon E. Bemrose  Thomas Melvin Foley  Marlene J. (Seabrook) Gillis  Perry Hannah  Mary Ann Gray  Carl V. Lewis  Julius Hirshman  Betty Reid  Elizabeth Auvil  Sharon Kay (Collier) Babst  Donald K. Babcock  Marsha Lynn (Stanford) Head  Georgia Dunning Website Staff Oct. 23, 2016, 9:49 a.m. Send to Kindle Buy this photo Photo provided Georgia Dunning Wenatchee, WA Georgia Dunning, 79, of Wenatchee, WA, passed away peacefully at her home on Monday, October 17, 2016, surrounded by her family. Georgia was born in Neihart, MT, on August 25, 1937. When she was young, her family relocated to a logging camp outside Bly, OR, because her father worked for Weyerhaeuser. She grew up in the mountains of Oregon watching wild horses and enjoying the outdoors. She attended Bly High School until her family relocated to Klamath Falls, OR, her senior year of high school. After graduation, she attended Southern Oregon University, where she was a cheerleader. In the 1950’s, she moved to Seattle, WA, and was employed by the Boeing Company as a draftsman. She met her husband, Paul Dunning, while they were both employed by the Boeing Company. They married May 9, 1959, and made their home in the Seattle area. In the early 70’s, they moved to the Wenatchee Valley, where they raised their four children. Georgia was an active member of her church and community. When she was not busy raising children or watching her grandchildren, she volunteered her time at the Mission Ridge Ski School, Chelan County 4-H, Wenatchee Valley Softball League, Sweet Adeline’s, she sang in the church choir, played the guitar, led many prayer groups, and was instrumental in starting the perpetual prayer chapel at St. Joseph’s Convent. Preceding Georgia in death were her parents. Surviving Georgia are her two sisters and her brother. Also surviving are Georgia’s husband, Paul; her four children: Andrea, Laureen, Tyler, and Maurya; and her five grandchildren. A special thank you to Denise Sewell of ResCare and Hospice Services of Confluence Health for their excellent care of Georgia. A Memorial Mass will be held on Friday, October 28, 2016, at 2:00 p.m., at St. Joseph’s Catholic Church. Memorial donations may be made to St. Joseph’s Convent, 600 St. Joseph Place, Wenatchee, WA 98801. Arrangements are by Telford’s Chapel of the Valley, East Wenatchee, WA. Questions about commenting? See our Disqus commenting FAQ or our full commenting policy. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Comments Help A few important points: You must have a Disqus account to comment (your Wenatchee World login and Disqus login are completely separate) You must provide your first and last name Your comment must be civil For more information see our Disqus commenting FAQ or our full commenting policy × Advertisements   SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Instagram APPS Apple iOS Google Play SERVICES Subscribe Make a Payment Digital Edition E-mail Newsletters Newspaper in Education Special Publications Commercial Print Advertise With Us CALENDAR NCW Calendar Add an Event CONTACT US Paper Delivery Issue World of Savings Anniversaries Engagements Weddings Vacation Stop Letter to the Editor Staff Directory Contact Us MULTIMEDIA Videos Photos Photo Galleries Webcams CLASSIFIEDS Homes Jobs Business Classifieds PARTNERS The Art of Community NCW Foothills Magazine Lake Chelan This Week NCW Medical Directory Quincy Valley Post-Register The Washington Post National Weekly Wenatchee Mom Blog Wenatchee Valley Business World © The Wenatchee World 2016 Terms of Use Forum Standards Privacy Policy
SUNDAY TIMES - High-ranking duo take the joystick at ailing 'Air Sim' 129.2.201.153, 129.2.201.153, 127.0.0.1 Times Live The Times Rewards Subscribe Login Close Please enter your login details Email Password New Subscriber Forgot Password / Username? Existing Subscriber? Free Digital Upgrade Please verify your details Name Surname Email Password Contimue News Investigations The Power Report Best of International Opinion & Analysis Sport Soccer Rugby Cricket Business Careers Investments Opinion Lifestyle Entertainment Opinion Weddings Books Travel Photographer of the Year Competition Home & Decor Gardening Food Recipes Fashion Beauty Competitions Multimedia Search News Opinion & Analysis Sport Business Lifestyle Travel Home & Decor Food Fashion & Beauty Real Heroes Competitions Multimedia Contact Us Sunday Times Subscribe Facebook Twitter Settings Instagram Settings Search Login Close News Opinion & Analysis Sport Business Lifestyle Travel Decor Fashion & Beauty Food Loading 12 incredible supermoon photos from South Africa IN PICTURES: World looks up to gaze at extra bright 'supermoon' EFF reasserts support for land occupation as Malema appears in court EXCLUSIVE: Zuma like a soccer defender who lets the opposition take over the game‚ says #FeesMustFall leader Jetting with Guptas The hidden tyranny of #fallism Concrete gets cosy in this spectacular Plettenberg Bay home 10 epic wildlife photos from the Kruger Park that'll blow you away 6 clever cooking tips we learnt from watching Nigella on MasterChef Sunday Times Business By RAY NDLOVU, 2016-10-23 00:00:00.0 High-ranking duo take the joystick at ailing 'Air Sim' An Air Zimbabwe Boeing 767, of which the airline has two. Only four of its fleet of 10 aircraft are flying. Saddled with $300-million of debt, the airline has been struggling to survive, despite having a monopoly on all domestic routes. Image: TIMES MEDIA GROUP Zimbabwe's aviation industry is flying high. But the national airline, Air Zimbabwe, which is reportedly bleeding about $3-million (about R42-million) a month in losses, is yet to take off and enjoy the boom. Instead, foreign airlines such as SAA, its SA Airlink unit, British Airways, Fastjet, Emirates, Kenyan Airways, Ethiopian Airways and Air Namibia have cashed in on the growth opportunities offered by Harare's open-skies policy. The policy is a push by the government of President Robert Mugabe to allow new players into the aviation market. Economic observers have, however, warned that while the policy would boost foreign airlines' presence, it would ultimately sink the ailing national carrier. Air Zimbabwe enjoys a monopoly on all domestic routes: Harare-Bulawayo, Harare-Victoria Falls, Harare-Kariba, Bulawayo-Victoria Falls. But on regional routes - Harare-Johannesburg, Johannesburg-Victoria Falls, Bulawayo-Johannesburg, Air Zimbabwe is getting a run for its money. Airline on endangered list Now the distressed airline is looking to the son of the late former vice-president, Simon Muzenda, and Mugabe's son-in-law to turn around its fortunes. It will not be an easy feat for Ripton Muzenda and Simba Chikore, who were recently appointed the CEO and chief operating officer respectively . Muzenda is a former pilot and chief instructor with the airline, while Chikore had a short stint as a pilot at Air Zimbabwe and with a Middle Eastern airline. The appointments have sparked anger from the opposition, which claims they were largely influenced by nepotism, ignoring more qualified candidates. Air Zimbabwe's acting CEO since September 2013 had been Edmund Makona . Chikore in particular has been at the receiving end of much criticism over his appointment. The airline is often ridiculed on social media as "Air Simbabwe" or simply as "Air Sim"- a tweak of its official Air Zim tag. Jacob Mafume, spokesman of the People's Democratic Party, said Chikore's appointment was a bitter joke for suffering Zimbabweans. "The man has not even run a chicken coop in his life. His only qualification is being the son-in-law of Mugabe. We know Mugabe uses the airline as his personal transport, but surely this has consolidated our status as a kangaroo republic," he said. Transport Minister Joram Gumbo, however, has defended the appointments and said the selection process was above board. Air Zimbabwe faces significant challenges, including a bloated workforce, an obsolete aircraft fleet and dwindling passenger numbers. Estimates are that the airline carries about 200000 travellers a year, a significant drop from its peak in the 1990s of one million travellers a year. The fall in passenger numbers has been fuelled by the unreliable service; the airline is prone to flight cancellations and delays. Just last week, Air Zimbabwe cancelled a flight from Harare to Bulawayo after passengers had endured a seven-hour delay. The flight was scheduled to leave at 5pm, but airline officials announced the cancellation to passengers at midnight. "Air Zimbabwe is the example of lack of competition and monopoly in an industry," said Gamu Chinamasa, who was inconvenienced by the flight delay. "It is so disappointing. If they allowed, or Fastjet agreed to, certain local routes, they would pull up their socks. Air Zimbabwe is relaxed, it's disgusting." Air Zimbabwe's fleet comprises two Boeing 767s, three 737s, three MA60s and two Airbus A320s. Of these, only four are flying - an Airbus, a Boeing 767, a 737 and one MA60. Last year, in an effort to help shore it up, the government took on the airline's $300-million debt. Despite this lifeline, the situation has remained bleak as no new investment flows in from the state. Air Zimbabwe has been unable to keep up with the competition. Its competitors for the regional routes have added more flights on the routes or tweaked up offers to travellers. Emirates says may cut Africa flights because of economic challenges This week, an aviation source said Fastjet was planning to add another flight on the lucrative Harare-Johannesburg route early next month. "The demand has been overwhelming," said the source. Fastjet already operates two daily flights between Harare and Johannesburg. It is also understood that Fastjet is keen to enter the domestic market, where Air Zimbabwe has a monopoly. The Harare to Johannesburg route is the most fiercely fought over by SAA, BA, Fastjet and Air Zimbabwe. The Civil Aviation Authority estimates that SAA controls about 30% of the market. Last month, Airlink launched a second daily flight to Bulawayo from Johannesburg. Air Zimbabwe also operates a flight on that route. Karin Murray, the sales and marketing manager for Airlink, said the new morning flight would not only provide additional flexibility when planning traveller itineraries, but would provide additional capacity on the route. "Airlink has also added additional capacity over the Christmas season with an afternoon flight which will operate from December 12 2016 to January 15 2017," said Murray. For now, Air Zimbabwe's hopes of a turnaround lie with its high-flying duo of Muzenda and Chikore. Don't miss out on this story Login, upgrade or subscribe to continue reading. Login Email Password Forgot Username/Password? Login failed. Your username or password is incorrect Subscribe now Print + Digital + Rewards for R107/month. Subscribe Sunday Times print subscriber? Upgrade now to get a FREE digital subscription. Don't miss out on this story Login, upgrade or subscribe to continue reading. Login Subscribe Now Sunday Times print subscriber? Upgrade now to get a FREE digital subscription. You might also like Advertising watchdog placed under business rescue Advertising watchdog orders MTN to withdraw misleading smartphone claim Silver lining in Trump win Pravin Gordhan is a winner whose business is leadership Aussie ops put the skids on Woolworths Eskom CEO falls on sword amid calls for more As Trump tries to make America great again, will SA pay the price? 'Lipstick Effect' puts gloss on cosmetics sales Lower end keeps Calgro M3 profits high Key bill and SA banks' global repute on hold in Zuma in-tray Government's helping hand to business 'vital in hard times' Rand holds Vodacom back on data battlefield Business leaders' influence 'overrated' Zim banks impose card use limits on travellers Beat those Janu-worry financial blues SA markets reel on world turmoil Banknote blitz takes India by surprise Coal must fall: high price will slash demand Previous Next Is Test = Times Media Group © Wed Nov 16 02:13:18 CAT 2016 Times Media Group. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy.
null
Home Mail News Sport Finance Celebrity Style Weather Answers Flickr Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Mail News Home Follow us UK Yahoo Originals World Finance Sport Motoring Science & Tech Celebrity TV Movies Style Weather News Video Viral Asia shares track Wall Street higher, U.S. dollar firm By Wayne Cole24 October 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Share View photos A pedestrian stands to look at an electronic board showing the stock market indices of various countries outside a brokerage in Tokyo, Japan, February 26, 2016. REUTERS/Yuya ShinoMore By Wayne Cole SYDNEY (Reuters) - Asian shares edged higher on Tuesday while the dollar stood firm as upbeat U.S. earnings boosted Wall Street and factory surveys in the United States and Europe boasted their best readings so far this year. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan <.MIAPJ0000PUS> inched up 0.1 percent with most components yet to trade. Australian stocks <.AXJO> added 0.5 percent and futures pointed to an opening gain of around 0.8 percent for Japan's Nikkei <.N225> helped by a softening yen. Wall Street took encouragement from upbeat corporate results and the Dow <.DJI> rose 0.46 percent, while the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 0.47 percent and the Nasdaq <.IXIC> or 0.91 percent. Over one third of U.S. companies have now reported and 80 percent have beaten market expectations. Another third of the S&P 500 components are scheduled to report earnings this week, including heavyweights Apple , Alphabet , Amazon and Boeing . Merger and acquisition activity added an extra fizz in the wake of AT&T Inc's $85.4 billion bid for Time Warner Inc , though the deal seemed destined to face stringent scrutiny from regulators. Aiding risk sentiment was the Markit survey of U.S. manufacturing which climbed to a one-year top of 53.2. Business activity in the euro zone also expanded at the fastest pace this year so far in October and firms raised prices at the sharpest rate in more than five years. The better news led investors to nudge up the probability of a December rate hike from the Federal Reserve to around 74 percent <0#FF:> and pressured Treasury prices. It also lifted the U.S. dollar to a nine-month high against a basket of major currencies at 98.846 <.DXY>. The dollar remained firm on the yen at 104.28 while the euro struggled at $1.0870 . One mover was the Canadian dollar which rebounded from a seven-month low after Bank of Canada Governor Stephen Poloz said the decision on whether to cut interest rates again was not one to take lightly. The comments countered recent speculation about an imminent easing and nudged the U.S. dollar down to C$1.3352 from a peak at C$1.3398. In commodities, oil prices dipped on news of the impending restart of Britain's Buzzard oilfield and Iraq's wish to be exempted from OPEC production cuts. Brent was down 30 cents at $51.48 a barrel while U.S. crude lost 9 cents to $50.43. (Reporting by Wayne Cole; Editing by Eric Meijer) Reblog Share Tweet Share What to read next Japan approves rescue missions for troops in South Sudan Reuters Imagine if Visa sold data about you to greedy hedge funds International Business Times European equities drift higher AFP British American Tobacco expands Romanian production Reuters Trump rewards loyalty, considers economic picks as he moulds Cabinet Reuters I'm A Celeb cancelled? Eight deadly spiders and venomous snake found on campsite International Business Times Did MH370 really disappear due to heroic pilot 'steering plane away from populated areas'? Yahoo News UK Twins born during Daylight Saving creates amusing age riddle Yahoo Canada Style Ousting Dennis risks deals worth £160m, McLaren bosses warn Sky News Japan fixes massive sinkhole just days after it appeared Press Association video Rare Supermoon: Stunning photos from across the globe capture lunar phenomenon Young tax disc tycoon makes £2 MILLION on property deal... aged just 14! Yahoo Finance UK Val Kilmer struggles to speak in first public appearance since denying Michael Douglas cancer claim SNAPPA Celebrity Shocking Mugshot Shows Former Football Star's Fall From Grace After Drugs Arrest Inside Edition H&M's October sales rose roughly as expected Reuters First Lady Michelle Obama urged to 'run for president' Press Association video The incredible winners of the 2016 Comedy Wildlife Photography awards Why you should never go to bed with wet hair (it's not because you'll catch a cold) Yahoo Style UK No, That's Not A Tag. It's A Rat Foot In Your Zara Dress Refinery 29 UK England throw away two-goal lead at Wembley Yahoo Sport UK Cinema operator Cineworld revenue jumps 14.6 percent Reuters America's Richest Presidents Yahoo UK Originals These are the world's best airlines, based on safety and comfort Dad who copies his daughter's Instagram selfies now has twice as many followers as her Yahoo News UK White Man Tries To Explain Racism To Nigerian Novelist - It Doesn't Go Very Well Huffington Post Jessica Biel backflipped in a bathing suit to celebrate an Insta milestone, and, dang! Hello Giggles Insight - Multinational firms dumping Venezuela operations in fire sales Reuters Boy, 4, slips over while bowling, you won't believe what happens next... Newsflare In pictures: Killer 7.8-magnitude earthquake rocks New Zealand The picture that shows just how shocking Vardy's horror tackle was on Azpilcueta Sporting News UK household squeeze yet to materialise as inflation falls short of October forecast International Business Times 5 scientific signs climate change is already happening Yahoo UK Originals These are the best countries for freedom of speech Help Privacy Suggestions About our ads Terms By using Yahoo you agree that Yahoo and partners may use Cookies for personalisation and other purposes
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out03:13 GMT +316 November 2016 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear Red Line The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Unanimous Dissent World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search US Awards Boeing Over $196Mln to Supply Spare Parts for F-18 Fighter Jets © Flickr/ Carlos Menendez San Juan Military & Intelligence 02:45 25.10.2016(updated 03:33 25.10.2016) Get short URL 0 35023 Aerospace and Defense giant Boeing has been awarded a $196.6 contract for spare parts for the US Navy F/A-18 Super Hornet aircraft, the Pentagon said in a press release. WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — Work will be performed in the US state of Missouri and expected to be completed in December 2019, the release noted. © Flickr/ Carlos Menendez San Juan Engineering Firm Gets $35Mln Contract to Assess Repairs of US F-18 Fighter Jets - Pentagon "The Boeing Co., St. Louis, Missouri, has been awarded a maximum $196,691,034 firm-fixed-price delivery order against a five-year base contract with one five-year option period for F/A-18 aircraft spare parts," the release stated on Monday. The first operational F/A-18 Super Hornet squadron formed in June 2001 and deployed into combat aboard the aircraft carrier Abraham Lincoln in July 2002. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon 23 TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Top stories Moscow Says US Rhetoric on Syria Situation Based on 'Flagrant Lies' Russia's defense ministry made the statement on Tuesday, adding that the US State Department has never backed its empty claims against Russia's actions in Syria with concrete actions. 132960 Washington DC Students March to Trump Hotel Protesting President-Elect (PHOTOS) High school students in Washington, DC, walked out of class just before noon to march to Trump Hotel in protest of the election again on Tuesday. 17861 US Army Probes Defects in Excalibur Artillery Shells Minor cracks were found in several US Army and Marine Corps 155mm-howitzer Excalibur artillery shells, according to Audra Calloway, a spokeswoman at Picatinny Arsenal, an American military research and manufacturing facility, and home of the Excalibur program office. 1730 ‘F**k Trump’ Message Projected Onto Side of Atlanta Hotel (PHOTOS) Pictures surfaced on Twitter Monday night of the words “F**k Trump” projected on the side of the Crowne Plaza Hotel in Midtown Atlanta. 3590 FBI: Anti-Muslim Hate Crimes in US Skyrocket in Last Year Hate crimes against Muslims in the United States are occurring at the highest frequency since the 2001 attacks on the World Trade Center, soaring by 67 percent in 2015, the FBI reported. 379 Assange's Lawyers May Appeal to President-Elect For Help in WikiLeaks Case Lawyers for WikiLeaks have announced that they may appeal to US president-elect Donald Trump to close the investigation into publisher Julian Assange. 8946 News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 03:12Scientists Present Microscopic Magnets That Could Change Medicine Forever 02:54French President Stresses Importance of Finding Shared Interests With Russia 02:35First Ever Explosive Detection Drone Revealed at Tel Aviv Cyber Conference 02:21French Businessman Confesses to Delivering $5.36Mln From Gaddafi to Sarkozy 02:16Trump Receives First Intelligence Daily BriefingAll news Russian MIG-29 Crashes in Med After Takeoff From Aircraft Carrier 19305 Vladimir Putin Holds Phone Talks With US President-Elect Donald Trump 9659 Russian Admiral Grigorovich Frigate Targets Terrorists in Syria With Missiles 8198 Russia's Admiral Kuznetsov Aircraft Carrier Begins Combat Operations in Syria 7784 Russian Naval Group in Syria Protected by S-300, Bastion, Pantsir Systems 7203All news Clinton Blames FBI Director for Loss 51 Vladimir Putin Holds Phone Talks With US President-Elect Donald Trump 47 Obama Expected to Demand Greece Close its Ports to Russian Warships 41 NYT Almost Admits it Failed in its Election Coverage 39 Russian MIG-29 Crashes in Med After Takeoff From Aircraft Carrier 38All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Ivanka Trump, the President-Elect's Right-Hand (Wo)man Trump's New Administration US Citizens Believe Electoral System Needs to be Changed News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Mobile Version Terms of Use Contact Us © 2016 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Japan shares hit 6-mth top, US dlr in demand By Reuters Published: 01:38 EST, 25 October 2016 | Updated: 01:38 EST, 25 October 2016 e-mail By Wayne Cole SYDNEY, Oct 25 (Reuters) - Japanese shares hit a six-month top on Tuesday as the dollar advanced on the yen, while risk sentiment got a lift after factory surveys in the United States and Europe boasted the best readings of the year so far. There were also tentative hopes rising prices for steel and some industrial commodities - zinc surged to a five-year peak and iron ore reached its highest since mid-2014 - could pick up the pulse of inflation globally. Japan's Nikkei rose 0.7 percent to levels last seen in April as a softening yen burnished the outlook for the country's exporters. Australian stocks added 0.6 percent and Taiwan 0.7 percent. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan ticked 0.1 percent firmer, as did EMini futures for the S&P 500. Spread betters tipped moderate opening gains for European bourses. South Korea's main index slipped 0.5 percent after data showed Samsung Electronics' decision to scrap its Galaxy Note 7 dragged on the entire economy in the third quarter, though growth still pipped forecasts. Wall Street had taken encouragement from upbeat corporate results and the Dow ended Monday up 0.46 percent, while the S&P 500 gained 0.47 percent and the Nasdaq 0.91 percent. Over one third of U.S. companies have now reported and 80 percent have beaten market expectations. Another third of the S&P 500 components are scheduled to report earnings this week, including heavyweights Apple, Alphabet, Amazon and Boeing. Merger and acquisition activity added extra fizz in the wake of AT&T Inc's $85.4 billion bid for Time Warner Inc , though the deal seemed destined to face stringent scrutiny from regulators. DOLLAR IN DEMAND Aiding risk sentiment was the Markit survey of U.S. manufacturing which climbed to a one-year top of 53.2. Business activity in the euro zone expanded at the fastest pace this year so far in October and firms raised prices at the sharpest rate in more than five years. The better news led investors to nudge up the probability of a December rate hike from the Federal Reserve to around 74 percent <_0FF:_> and pressured Treasury prices. It also lifted the U.S. dollar to a nine-month high against a basket of major currencies at 98.846. The dollar firmed on the yen to 104.43, threatening the month's peak at 104.62, while the euro struggled at $1.0878. One mover was the Canadian dollar which rebounded from a seven-month low after Bank of Canada Governor Stephen Poloz said the decision on whether to cut interest rates again was not one to take lightly. The comments countered recent speculation about an imminent easing and nudged the U.S. dollar down to C$1.3333 from a peak at C$1.3398. In commodities, oil prices dipped on news of the impending restart of Britain's Buzzard oilfield and Iraq's wish to be exempted from OPEC production cuts. Brent was down 9 cents at $51.37 a barrel, while U.S. crude also lost 2 cents to $50.50. Going the other way was iron ore, with Chinese iron ore futures reaching their highest since August 2014. Coal prices also reached new peaks after weeks of gains, a prop for the Australian dollar as the two commodities are the country's biggest export earners. (Reporting by Wayne Cole; Editing by Eric Meijer and Joseph Radford) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Clinton and a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame Looked stunning  'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe U.S. Stocks Decline Amid Mixed Blue-Chip Forecasts; Oil Slumps Rita Nazareth Anna-Louise Jackson aljax7 Rebecca Spalding @rcurtisspalding October 24, 2016 — 7:12 PM EDT Updated on October 25, 2016 — 5:14 PM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Are Global Markets Pre-Empting a December Rate Hike? Pound trims drop as Carney signals odds of BOE cut diminishing Oil falls as Russian comments add to production accord doubts Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp U.S. stocks declined from a two-week high as mixed forecasts from industry giants and a slump in consumer confidence spurred concern over the outlook for the world’s largest economy. Oil retreated. Blue chips Caterpillar Inc. and 3M Co. dropped after cutting their estimates, outweighing optimism with United Technologies Corp. and Procter & Gamble Co.’s earnings. Apple Inc. fell in after-hours trading as it reported sliding prices for its smartphones and forecast lower-than-expected profitability over the holiday period. The pound pared losses as Bank of England Governor Mark Carney signaled that the chances of another interest-rate cut this year are diminishing. Oil sank on bets Russia won’t join OPEC to curb supply. Traders have been assessing the strength of corporate profits and the economy amid bets on a Federal Reserve hike by December. U.S. consumer confidence fell more than forecast in October as households became less upbeat about the labor market, the Conference Board said Tuesday. More than a third of S&P 500 companies are scheduled to report earnings this week, including Alphabet Inc., Coca-Cola Co., Amazon.com Inc. and Boeing Co.  "Given that we’re now in the thick of earnings season, there are going to be acute reactions nearly every day,” said Frank Cappelleri, executive director at Instinet LLC in New York. "Other than that, the price action is not materially different than what we’ve seen over the last two months. There have been multiple false starts where budding momentum has gotten cut short." Global markets have actually seen declines in volatility -- with a cross-asset gauge of price swings in equities, rates, currency and commodities down to the lowest since 2014. While risks exist, the drop in anxiety has coincided with a reduction in uncertainty when it comes to U.S. politics and policy. Hillary Clinton’s odds of victory are close to the highest on record at 86.5 percent, according to forecaster FiveThirtyEight. Likewise, investors appear to be coming to terms with the inevitability of a Federal Reserve hike in December. “Until we get something that really surprises the market, we’re going to continue in this low volatility,” said Hank Smith, who helps manage more than $6 billion as chief investment officer at Haverford Trust Co. in Radnor, Pennsylvania “Neither the election nor the Fed’s rate decision have people particularly worried right now.” Stocks The S&P 500 dropped 0.4 percent to 2,143.16 at 4 p.m. in New York. The gauge has been stuck in a 64-point trading range after reaching a record in August and hasn’t climbed for three consecutive sessions in more than a month. Apple shares fell 2.3 percent to $115.55 in extended hours on Tuesday. The stock closed at $118.25 in New York regular trading. It had rallied 22 percent in the last three months. The company, which gets two thirds of revenue from the iPhone, experienced its first annual sales decline since 2001, amid waning smartphone demand. Among stocks moving on corporate news: 3M slumped after cutting the top end of its 2016 profit forecast. Caterpillar slipped after reducing its sales estimate for this year. Sherwin-Williams Co.’s disappointing results weighed on shares of Home Depot Inc. and Lowe’s Cos. Whirlpool Corp. tumbled after lowering its profit outlook. Under Armour Inc. sank as its forecast renewed slowdown concern. JetBlue Airways Corp. fell after reporting profit that missed estimates. Procter & Gamble and United Technologies climbed after their results beat forecasts. A two-day lull for European equities ended as Novartis AG led drugmakers down after saying its profit fell for a seventh straight quarter while Italian lenders slumped. The Stoxx Europe 600 Index fell 0.4 percent, erasing an earlier advance. Miners jumped to their highest level since August 2015, tracking a rally in metal prices. Most emerging-market stocks retreated as Brazilian consumer companies fell on prospects for a slower-than-expected reduction in borrowing costs, outweighing gains in commodity producers from South Africa to China. Commodities Oil fell 1.1 percent in New York. Output cuts aren’t “an option for us,” said Russia’s envoy at OPEC, Vladimir Voronkov, according to Interfax. U.S. crude supplies probably rose 2 million barrels last week, a Bloomberg survey showed before Energy Information Administration data Wednesday. “The nonsense around the production agreement comes in and out of the market,” said John Kilduff, a partner at Again Capital LLC, a New York-based hedge fund that focuses on energy. “It’s coming out of oil today because of the Russian statements, which come after Iraq made it clear that they weren’t going to make a cut.” West Texas Intermediate for December delivery slipped 56 cents to $49.96 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange. Brent for December settlement dropped 67 cents, or 1.3 percent, to $50.79 a barrel on the London-based ICE Futures Europe exchange. Arabica coffee, the mild-tasting bean type favored by Starbucks Corp., surged to the highest since February 2015 after Brazil’s largest producer cut its export estimate for 2016 amid rising domestic consumption and the effects of drought. Gold rallied on speculation that demand will accelerate before the Diwali religious festival in India, the world’s second-biggest buyer of the metal. Industrial metals surged as increasing profits at Chinese steelmakers and gains in global manufacturing boosted speculation that demand will improve. Currencies The pound rebounded from its lowest level since the flash crash earlier this month after Carney said there were limits to officials’ willingness to look beyond an overshoot of their inflation target. Sterling fell 0.4 percent at $1.2186, after earlier slumping 1.3 percent. “The comments by Carney do highlight that the latest sterling selloff is starting to worry policy makers as it brings closer the risk of stagflation,” said Valentin Marinov, head of Group-of-10 currency strategy at Credit Agricole SA’s corporate- and investment-banking unit in London. Bloomberg’s Dollar Spot Index, which tracks the currency against 10 major peers, fell 0.1 percent after rising to the highest in seven months. South Africa’s rand led gains in emerging markets amid a rally in metals. Russia’s ruble rose as companies lined up to make payments before a tax deadline. Chile’s peso rallied amid speculation of a change of government next year and as copper prices surged. Bonds A gauge of expected price swings in Treasuries fell to the lowest since December 2014 before the Fed meets next week as traders see a clearer outlook for monetary policy in the U.S. and abroad. "No one’s expecting anything from the Fed’s meeting next week," said Justin Lederer, an interest-rate strategist in New York at Cantor Fitzgerald LP, one of 23 primary dealers that trade with the Fed. "People are looking for a December rate hike. Even with the presidential election, people are comfortable with rates." The benchmark U.S. 10-year note yield was little changed at 1.76 percent, according to Bloomberg Bond Trader data. A $26 billion two-year Treasury auction drew the weakest demand since July. Austria sold 2 billion euros ($2.2 billion) of bonds due in November 2086 via banks, according to a person familiar with the matter. The sale follows this year’s century bond offerings from Belgium and Ireland, as well as 50-year deals from France, Italy and Spain, as countries take advantage of historically low interest rates to issue ultra-long debt. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Video Stories Stocks Oil Consumer Confidence New York Earnings Markets Tech S&P 500 Index Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Oops! It appears that you have disabled your Javascript. In order for you to see this page as it is meant to appear, we ask that you please re-enable your Javascript! ⌂ Home Archive About Us Contact Us Weather Fiji, Suva   Max 30°C, Min 23°C Fiji Sun NEWS Election Government Politics Israeli PM Netanyahu To Visit Fiji Next Year Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has announced he will be visiting Fiji in February. ... Cane Farmer Sees His Home Burn A sugarcane farmer of Rualago Settlement in Labasa watched fire destroy his five-bedroom house on Monday. Taz Mohamm... Nine Front Court For Alleged Driver’s Licence Scam   A customer service officer at the Land Transport Authority yesterday appeared with eight others at the Nasinu... Fire Damages Two Homes In Suva   A mother of two watched helplessly as her two-bedroom corrugated-iron home in Tomanu Road, Nadera was engulfe... NATION Central West North East ‘Aggravated Robbery More Prevalent’ Aggravated robbery seems to have become a prevalent crime in the country at the moment, a Magistrate in Suva has said. ... Father Who Only Completed Year 8 Is Proud of Son Who Scoops Dux, Other Top Awards   Vijendra Mani yesterday stood proud as he watched his son win the Dux award at Swami Vivekananda College in Na... Mission Work In Fiji Hailed By A-G The Acting Prime Minister and Attorney-General, Aiyaz Sayed-Khaiyum commended the officials of Ramakrishna Mission- Fiji... Chan Clinches Eight Awards Aspiring chemical engineer Michele Chan was all smiles yesterday after scooping eight awards at the Swami Vivekananda Co... SUNCITY Suva Nausori Nadi Ba/ Tavua/ Rakiraki Labasa Lautoka Elsewhere Uk-Fiji Parliamentarians Workshop Vital To All Democracy is precious. But democracy is also fragile and there is no one-size-fits all solution. At the heart of the ... Sabeto District School Visits Parliament Forty-nine students of Sabeto District School in Nadi were on cloud nine when they visited Parliament for the first time... Tahiti Lecturers Upskill FNU In Cooking Art Two lecturers from the Lycee Hotelier School in Tahiti gave the Fiji National University a boost after providing FNU lec... FLP Has New Member Of Management Board The step daughter of the late Jone Veisamasama - one of the founders of Fiji Labour Party – is a new member of the par... SUNBIZ Asia Pacific Leaders Talk Techworld World Business Shipping PacWIMA Chairperson Talks About Association Mavis E V Joseph-Logavatu, was appointed Chairperson of the Pacific Women in Maritime Association (PacWIMA) at the confe... Exciting Activities For Fiji WIMA Proposed The Women in Maritime Association’s (Fiji) (WIMA) work plan 2017 – 2018 activities is looking very comprehensive ... Removal Of Rising 26 Begins Work on the removal of the sunken fishing vessel Rising 26  from the Suva Harbour has started. The South Pacific Div... MSAF Supports Gender Equity The Maritime Safety Authority of Fiji (MSAF) will continue to support gender equity in the Maritime Industry. Chief E... ENTERTAINMENT Music Show Biz Sun Spectrum Miss Suva Up For The Challenge Miss Suva, Anne Dunn is looking forward to the diversity that will be showcased on stage at this week’s Telecom Miss F... Tom Mawi : Guitar Legend Legendary jazz guitarist, Tom Mawi will be honoured at a Jazz and Blues Festival in Suva this Saturday. The 73 year-o... Fiji Feels Like Home: Bollywood Singer Shipra Goyal can sing in a number of languages including English, Punjabi, Hindi and other languages.   Bolly... Reigning Queen Urges Contestants To Be Passionate The Vodafone Hibiscus Festival kicked off with an opening march along Laucala Bay Road to the Vodafone Arena in Suva yes... MAGAZINES It’s Friday Football News Rugby News Rugby League News Sunday Magazine Sunwheels From Grommets To World Class Surfers Last weekend was an awesome sight, 50 super keen grommet surfers, five large sleek boats, sunshine, light wind and surf.... Fiji ISA World SUP Event Rocks On The 2016 Fiji ISA World SUP and Paddleboard Championship is now officially on after yesterday’s opening ceremony in Po... Reddy: We Still Have Room For Players The Vodafone national football side has started preparation for the third stage of the World Cup qualifications. Nati... Busy Time For Surfers The Rip Curl Micro Grommet Series finished at the Swimming Pools in Namotu Island yesterday.  This column is submitted ... TOURISM Fiji Tourism World Tourism Chicken Paprika @ Chicken & More Another wine and dine outlet recently opened its doors at Nadi Town. Chicken & More Restaurant, trading under Foo... Pizza @ Sofitel Most people think a Pizza should be round but that sounds a bit boring. The Fiji Sun met a chef who decided ... Exceptional! Koya Exceptional! That was how the Minister for Tourism Faiyaz Siddiq Koya described the 3-day Fijian Tourism Expo 2015 at... Khoong Phad Ga-pow @ Radisson Blu A new dining experience is available at the Radisson Blu Resort’s latest addition – Chantara Restaurant. Meaning ... WORLD Australia/ New Zealand South Pacific India China Asia Middle East Africa Americas Europe Court Releases Man After 21 Years On Death Row An east China court on Monday announced that it had quashed the conviction of a man who was sentenced to death 21 years ... Drought Closing Schools And Hospital In PNG’s Chimbu Port Moresby: The governor of Chimbu Province in Papua New Guinea says the effects of El Niño there are so severe schoo... UN Issues Stark Warning On Pacific Drought Threat The United Nations says the looming El Nino threat could impact on more than four million people in the Pacific. The ... First Look At Matt Damon From ‘Bourne 5’ Set Revealed Los Angeles: The first picture of Hollywood star Matt Damon on set of espionage thriller ‘Bourne ... SPORTS Rio Olympics 2016 Pacific Games 2015 Sports News Rugby Football 7s Star On Up Vodafone Fijian 7s team rep Nacanieli Labalaba has a lot to be proud of after his debut for the country in the Oceania 7... Bua Sprinter Wants More Gold Ten-year-old, Imanueli Tuiwainunu, of Immaculate Conception Primary School in Bua has his eyes set on winning gold medal... Rodu Wants Best For O-League The Rewa football team will scout for talented players to boost their O-League campaign. Speaking to SUNsports... Follow Procedures: Rabele Tells Gray The Fijian Residents rugby league side will finish all their commitments for the year before they will consider the chal... Videos Sunvoice Opinion Coconut Wireless Technology Lifestyle Health Travel Letters Photos Classifieds Share 0  Share 0  Tweet 0  +1 0  Share SUNBIZ ⌂Back To Homepage Subscribe To RSS Feed Nausori Runway Remedial Sealant Works Resumes Tests being carried out on the sealant works. October 25 12:00 2016 Print This Article Share it With Friends 👤 by RACHNA LAL, SUVA  0 Comments Airports Fiji Limited has confirmed that remedial sealant works on Nausori International Airport runway resumed last week. AFL’s contractor, Supersealing from Australia, has been carrying out works at night under the supervision of AFL’s consultants, Erasito Beca. AFL executive chairman, Faiz Khan, said Erasito Beca is testing the sealant product at the same time. “We are unable to comment on when the remedial works will be completed,” he said. “However, we are hopeful the works are completed as soon as possible so that we are in a position to recommence Boeing 737 flight operations out of Nausori. “Our primary objective is to ensure that safety is not compromised.” When asked what is taking so long for the remedial works, Mr Khan said: “Remedial works can only take place at night depending on weather. “The contractor is working with the consultant to ensure that the extent of remedial works are adequate.” Mr Khan confirmed the sealing remedial works has had no impact on the other flights operating out of the Nausori Airport. The only scheduled flights which cannot operate is Fiji Airways Boeing 737 aircraft-operated flights.   Background AFL has brought in a specialised contractor, Supersealing, from Australia to seal cracks at the Nausori International Airport in a month back. The reason for the crack sealing works was to give a longer life to the current Nausori runway to service airlines and passengers. This was whilst work on the more permanent runway expansion over the next three years continued. However the sealant they applied could not cure resulting in flight cancellations due to precautionary reasons. While the initial green light had been given for flights to resume, Fiji Airways’ consultants advised it was not safe to operate the Boeing 737s out of Nausori. And thus, AFL has brought back the contractor to carry out remedial works on the runway. Feedback:  rachnal@fijisun.com.fj   Tags Airports Fiji LimitedFijiFiji SunNausori International AirportRachna Lal Share Share 0  Tweet 0  +1 0  Share 0  Share 0  Related Articles Scroll Back To Top PacWIMA Chairperson Talks About Association 0 Exciting Activities For Fiji WIMA Proposed 0 Removal Of Rising 26 Begins 0 MSAF Supports Gender Equity 0 Ports Busy In Coming Weeks 0 Award Surprises Captain Hill 0 0 Comments Scroll Back To Top ✎Write Comment  No Comments Yet! There are no comments at the moment, do you want to add one? Write a comment Write a Comment Scroll Back To Top Click here to cancel reply. Your email address & phone number will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name:* E-mail:* Phone: Comment: "Everything we did was for our country we knew that we have to prove ourselves to be the best." Osea Tagicakibaul Retired Staff Sergeant Most Popular Articles It Was A Very Frightening Experience FRU Disappointed, Will Express Concern To World Rugby 7s Star On Up Police: Body Of Baby Found In Bus Buried Rugby Award Anger October 2016 M T W T F S S « Sep   Nov »   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Latest Photo Gallery all galleries   Fiji Sun Logo Like Us On Facebook Fijisun Online @Instagram NEWS NATION SUNCITY SUNBIZ ENTERTAINMENT MAGAZINES TOURISM WORLD SPORTS CLASSIFIEDS Advertise on Website & Apps | Advertise in Newspaper | Digital Subscription | E-Paper | Newsletter & Alerts | Mobile & Apps | Buy Photos | Career | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 Sun (Fiji) News Limited.. All Rights reserved. Developed by Asia Media Design Loading.. ❎Close Window Loading, Please Wait! This may take a second or two.
null
Norsk Titanium sets up temporary facility in Plattsburgh - WCAX.COM Local Vermont News, Weather and Sports- Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCH WCAX Investigates The :30 Super Seniors Recipes & Food Buy Vermont First Contact Us TV Listings Made in Vermont HealthWatch 3-Minute Wrap You Can Quote Me State and National News News 3 Scripts WCAX News Team WCAX Weather Hourly-Forecast Weather Features Frequently Asked Weather Questions Astronomy WCAX Weather Team Friday Football Frenzy WCAX Hole-in-One Club WCAX Sports Team Meet the Monsters Parking Lot Everything Animals Main Holiday Helper Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Norsk Titanium sets up temporary facility in Plattsburgh Posted: Monday, October 24, 2016 3:03 PM EDT Updated: Wednesday, October 26, 2016 5:00 PM EDT By Rose Gomez BioEmail Connect Biography spillman@wcax.com Follow @WCAX_Rose PLATTSBURGH, N.Y. - Norwegian Company Norsk Titanium isn't slowing down in its efforts to set up a United States facility in Plattsburgh. Last week, the first piece of equipment arrived and officials say they'll begin using it in just a few weeks.  "Every commercial airliner has a skeleton or a backbone made up of titanium 'legos' for lack of more technical description, and this is one of them. So, we've engaged Boeing, Airbus, aerospace companies like General Electric," said Warren Boley, Norsk Titanium CEO. Norsk produces aerospace technology using titanium printing. Officials say Governor Andrew Cuomo, D-New York, encouraged the company to expand to Plattsburgh and included over $100 million dollars in the state budget to help with the project.  The company plans to hire over 400 people in the next two years for various positions.  "So, basically when you look at our machines, you get the printed part out, and it still has to run through a whole supply chain, being from heat treated, to machined and tested, so that is my responsibility. Doing it in Europe as well as in the U.S.," said Andrea Clark, Norsk supply chain manager. Norsk has already begun the hiring process and has several employees training in Norway. Officials say they also plan to do training on-site in Plattsburgh.  "I get phone calls every day. I get emails every day. Everybody's very excited about any kind of positions that are available for certain roles in the company," said Shannon Birkett, Norsk human resources generalist.  Officials say one building will serve as their temporary facility until they can finalize plans and construct a new one at the former Clinton County Airport. For now, they've got one working machine here, and they plan to bring many more. Boley says he has no doubt that the facility will be a success. They've already got interest from companies waiting to purchase their products.  "In this application, structural titanium, we really stand alone. We're the leader. So we have large, aerospace, OEMs, very interested in when this facility is going to exist and when that facility down the street is going to exist," said Boley. Boley says the main facility at the former Clinton County Airport is expected to begin construction in April and should be up and running by mid-2018. Local NewsMore>> Police investigate shooting in Essex Junction Police investigate shooting in Essex Junction Updated: Tuesday, November 15 2016 7:07 PM EST2016-11-16 00:07:04 GMT Police say shots were fired at the Riverside in the Village apartment complex at the intersection of Franklin and Park streets. They say no one was injured. Police say shots were fired at the Riverside in the Village apartment complex at the intersection of Franklin and Park streets. They say no one was injured. Will better access to drugs create more safety problems for Vermonters? Will better access to drugs create more safety problems for Vermonters? Updated: Tuesday, November 15 2016 6:38 PM EST2016-11-15 23:38:45 GMT New leaders won't assume their new roles until after the New Year, but substantial changes to Vermont's substance laws are already on the table.  New leaders won't assume their new roles until after the New Year, but substantial changes to Vermont's substance laws are already on the table.  NH police: Vt. man tried to sell marijuana to undercover cops NH police: Vt. man tried to sell marijuana to undercover cops Updated: Tuesday, November 15 2016 11:15 AM EST2016-11-15 16:15:27 GMT Police say a Vermont man has been arrested in New Hampshire after trying to sell marijuana to undercover police officers. Police say a Vermont man has been arrested in New Hampshire after trying to sell marijuana to undercover police officers. Vt. death penalty defendant in general prison population Vt. death penalty defendant in general prison population Updated: Tuesday, November 15 2016 10:28 AM EST2016-11-15 15:28:47 GMT The Vermont man facing a second death penalty trial for the 2000 abduction and murder of a North Clarendon woman is now living among the general inmate population in a New York City prison. The Vermont man facing a second death penalty trial for the 2000 abduction and murder of a North Clarendon woman is now living among the general inmate population in a New York City prison. Montpelier police warn of deadly heroin after fatal overdose Montpelier police warn of deadly heroin after fatal overdose Updated: Tuesday, November 15 2016 6:44 PM EST2016-11-15 23:44:00 GMT There's a warning from police in Montpelier after two suspected heroin overdoses occurred in the city in less than a day. There's a warning from police in Montpelier after two suspected heroin overdoses occurred in the city in less than a day. Police: Vt. man sexually assaulted child for years Police: Vt. man sexually assaulted child for years Updated: Tuesday, November 15 2016 6:10 PM EST2016-11-15 23:10:55 GMT Police say a Hartford man sexually abused a child for years.  Police say a Hartford man sexually abused a child for years.  South Hero home badly damaged by fire South Hero home badly damaged by fire Updated: Tuesday, November 15 2016 6:50 PM EST2016-11-15 23:50:38 GMT A house in South Hero was badly damaged by fire Tuesday afternoon. A house in South Hero was badly damaged by fire Tuesday afternoon. Brush fire in national forest 50 percent contained Brush fire in national forest 50 percent contained Updated: Tuesday, November 15 2016 11:35 AM EST2016-11-15 16:35:26 GMT Fire officials say a large brush fire in New Hampshire's White Mountain National Forest is 50 percent contained.  Fire officials say a large brush fire in New Hampshire's White Mountain National Forest is 50 percent contained.  News Local News Business HealthWatch RSS Feeds The :30 You Can Quote Me News 3 Scripts WCAX News Team Sports News WCAX Sports Team Weather Weather Features WCAX Weather Team School Closings Skywatch WCAX Weather App Featured Videos Recipes Made In Vermont Super Seniors Vermont Real Estate Community Meet The Monsters Quick Links Info Center School Closings Video Requests RSS Feeds jumponit Facebook WCAX iPhone App WCAX Stream jumponit iPhone App Contact Us Jobs Across The Fence FCC Public Folder WCAX-TV PO Box 4508 Burlington, VT 05406-4508 Primary Phone: 802-652-6300 Primary email: channel3@wcax.com All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 WCAX. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Is this Larry Page's secret flying car? First images emerge of radical electric vehicle that can take off and land vertically - and even hover Zee.Aero is testing its craft in Hollister at a secret base Small, all-electric plane can take off and land vertically One of two private investments Page believed to have made in flying cars By Mark Prigg For Dailymail.com Published: 14:19 EST, 24 October 2016 | Updated: 14:37 EST, 24 October 2016 e-mail 192 shares 6 View comments While he may be better known as a self driving car enthusiast, a new video has given a glimpse of Google co-founder Larry Page's secretive self flying car project. Earlier this year it was revealed Page appeared to be privately investing in two separate flying car firms, providing them with $100m. Now, of of the prototype craft has been spotted at a remote airfield in California - and locals say they have even seen it hovering above the ground.   Scroll down for video  The zee.aero prototype has been spotted at the firm's secretive test lab in Hollister, and was spotted because of its strange shape and ability to hover. According to Bloomberg Businessweek, he has personally provided £70 million ($100 million) to two startups developing the technology, and now one of the first prototypes has been spotted. He has reportedly been funding Zee.Aero and Kitty Hawk, two rival companies based in California's Silicon Valley. Zee.Aero was set up in 2010, working on a small, all-electric plane that could take off and land vertically – essentially a flying car. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 2 Next The beating 'heart-on-a-chip': Miniature 3D printed organ... Nasa is working on aircraft with wings that FOLD while... Apple will unveil THREE new MacBooks on October 27th: Event... The first image of Earth ever taken from space:... Has Apple forgotten the iPod? Revolutionary device turns... Share this article Share 192 shares A patent from 2011 emerged earlier this year showing its designs for a flying car, and Bloomberg reported it is now pursuing a 'simpler, more conventional-looking design.' Now, it has relocated to Hollister - and its new design has been spotted by locals. The attention grabbing plane has a high pitched, electric whine, they say. Video courtesy: Mercury News  'It sounded like an electric motor running, just a high-pitched whine,' Steve Eggleston, assistant manager at an airplane-parts company with offices bordering the Hollister Municipal Airport tarmac, told Bay Area News. It has also been spotted hovering by saleswoman Brittany Rodriguez thought to herself.  During both Zee.Aero flights witnessed by DK Turbines staff from several hundred yards away in September and October, the aircraft hovered about 25 feet off the ground, and landed rapidly, straight down, according to the witnesses. Google's company's co-founder, Larry Page appears to be secretly investing in flying cars. According to Bloomberg Businessweek , Page has personally provided £70 million ($100 million) to two startups developing the technology. In May, the cityapproved a 34-year lease with Zee.Aero for just under an acre of land near the intersection of the municipal airport's two landing strips.  It plans  to build a 14,000-square-foot hangar and office building, plus nearly 10,000 square feet of employee parking and 16,000 square feet of paved area for aircraft parking and movement. Zee.Aero have kept their designs very much under wraps, with the only information on their website stating: 'We're designing, building, and testing better ways to get from A to B.'  However, it has been reported that Zee.Aero has hired aerospace designers and engineers from Nasa, Boeing, and SpaceX, and has been testing two single-seater prototype designs - one that looks like a 'small conventional plane' and another with propellers along the sides. Zee.Aero have kept their designs very much under wraps, with the only information on their website stating: 'We're designing, building, and testing better ways to get from A to B.' One of the patents depicts a car-sized aircraft, wings at the nose and tail, and along the top eight propellers, driven by eight motors, for vertical lift.  Two other propellers on the rear wing would provide forward thrust.  Zee.Aero was set up in 2010, working on a small, all-electric plane that could take off and land vertically – essentially a flying car. Pictured is a Zee.Aero patent from 2011 THE FLYING CAR COMPANIES Zee.Aero was set up in 2010, working on a small, all-electric plane that could take off and land vertically – essentially a flying car.  While there was much speculation that the company was affiliated to Google, as their headquarters were next door, Zee.Aero fiercely denied the claims. However, it has since been revealed that Zee.Aero belongs to Larry Page, Google's co-founder.  Zee.Aero now employs close to 150 people. Its operations have expanded to an airport hangar in Hollister, where a pair of prototype aircraft takes regular test flights. In 2015 a second competing flying-car startup called Kitty Hawk, also began operations in its headquarters very near Google's.  Despite the apparent rivalry, Bloomburg have reported that Mr Page, has in fact been putting money into both Zee.Aero and Kitty Hawk. Last week, an aircraft was spotted being towed down the runway on two consecutive days, although no hovering or flying was observed by witnesses. Dual propellers in the rear fit with the description and drawings from the patent, but the aircraft appeared to have a single main wing, with pod-like structures beneath it, rather than the smaller wings at the front and rear shown in the drawings.   Job ads on the firm's sight also confirm it is sticking with propellors, saying 'The aerodynamics group is responsible for supporting airframe design, propeller design, performance and stability analysis, handling qualities analysis and flight testing.'  In a May letter to the U.S. Department of Transportation, the firm said it was building 'an entirely new aircraft that will change personal aviation.' A Zee.Aero spokeswoman said the firm is 'currently not discussing (its) plans publicly.'  In May, the city of Hollister approved a 34-year lease with Zee.Aero for just under an acre of land near the intersection of the municipal airport's two landing strips. According to city documents, the company plans to build a 14,000-square-foot hangar and office building, plus nearly 10,000 square feet of employee parking and 16,000 square feet of paved area for aircraft parking and movement. Page has reportedly been funding Zee.Aero and Kitty Hawk, two rival companies based in California's Silicon Valley. Mr Page has demanded that his involvement stay hidden from the public, according to 10 people with intimate knowledge of the company.  According to Bloomberg Businessweek , Google co-founder, Larry Page, has been personally funding two startup companies who are developing flying cars In 2015 a second competing flying-car startup called Kitty Hawk, also began operations in its headquarters close to Google's. According to business filings, Kitty Hawk's president is Sebastian Thrun, th­e head of Google's self-driving car programme and the founder of research division, Google X. Despite the apparent rivalry between the companies, Bloomberg has reported that Page, has in fact been putting money into both Zee.Aero and Kitty Hawk. Mr Page and Google declined to speak about Zee.Aero or Kitty Hawk, as did Mr Thrun.  Other companies working on flying cars include Terrafugia. Their TF-X concept car (illustrated) has fold-out wings with twin electric motors attached to each end Bloomberg say that Mr Page's interest in the companies is a personal ambition and he even retained a 'man-cave' at one of the company's headquarters, where he was only referred to as 'GUS' - standing for 'the guy upstairs'. While it is known that both Zee.Aero and Kitty Hawk have been working on designs for flying cars, the details of their designs are unclear.   Other companies, such as Aeromobil have also been trying to build a flying car Fans of Harry Potter will remember the blue flying car which Harry and Ron use to reach Hogwarts - which was of course, fueled by magic. But flying cars that run in our real world could be closer than you think Other companies, such as Terrafugia have also been trying to build a flying car, but have given suggested launch dates of 10 years from now in 2026.  However, technology is ever improving, and with access to better materials and autonomous navigation systems, it is thought that within the next few years we will have a self-flying car that takes off and lands vertically.  Speaking to Bloomberg, Mark Moore, an aeronautical engineer from Nasa, said: 'Over the past five years, there have been these tremendous advances in the underlying technology.  'What appears in the next 5 to 10 years will be incredible.'   Read more: Welcome to Larry Page’s Secret Flying Car Factories - Bloomberg Google co-founder’s reported ‘flying car’ spotted hovering in Hollister Google co-founder's reported 'flying car' spotted hovering in Hollister Share or comment on this article e-mail 192 shares Most watched News videos Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Man discovers wife is cheating on him following her with drone Chili's manager snatches veteran's free meal after complaint Ivanka Trump gives glimpse of her father's $100m penthouse Obama on Trump: This office has a way of waking you up 100 special police agents protect suspected paedophile from mob Killer wife and lover speak out over fatal love triangle Obama's dig at Clinton over her ground game failures SNL mocks confident Clinton supporters with Dave Chappelle Protestor at an anti-Trump rally at Ohio State gets slammed Emotional Chelsea Handler fights back tears over election results Dashcam footage captures moment van swerves before crashing 'Reality has a way of asserting itself!' Condescending Obama... EXCLUSIVE: Blow up! Days before losing the election Hillary... Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he... Supermoon 2016: Stunning photographs show incredible sights... Man with the Midas touch: Inside the President-elect's $100... 'Watch carefully, you can see 18 years go down the drain':... Man accused of raping and killing a 4-year-old girl is... West Virginia officials under fire for racist Facebook post... Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer... EXCLUSIVE: Woman, 53, jailed for killing her cheating... The mansion that Coke built: Haunting photos show how home... 'I'm going out in style': Russian boy and girl, both 15,... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Meet 'Baby Boom': Richard Branson-backed mini-concorde that can fly from London to New York in 3.5 hours is... Humans will NOT survive another 1,000 years on Earth, says Stephen Hawking: Physicist warns we must 'escape... Mysterious 'megafast electrons' are accelerated to the speed of light just outside Earth's magnetic field -... The £6bn aircraft carriers we can't plug in! Old cables could leave ships without power, warns shock study... Watch the US Army's real-life PHASER GUN in action: Weapon can knock out a swarm of drones, cars and even... Could YOU survive the suicide circle? Math puzzle solved by Jewish soldier to avoid death at the hands of... The fuel-free EmDrive 'is NOT impossible', leading experts admit - but say they are baffled by how it... Does teenage BLOOD hold the key to the fountain of youth? Plasma from human teens found to have anti-aging... Google and Facebook to crack down on fake news sites making money from their online ad systems How do you spot a space killer? CSI experts reveal spotting crimes on other planets could be even tougher Apple's latest launch: $300 coffee table book dedicated to Steve Jobs reveals 20 years of designs from the... Never get in the wrong car again! Lyft launches personalised colour beacons in bid to take on Uber Tinder gets transgender-friendly: Dating app rolls out 37 new gender identity options in massive update The 'invisible' Milky Way: Interactive map lets you explore our galaxy with superhuman vision Will virtual reality headsets alter children's BRAINS? Doctors say more research needs to be done on the... MORE HEADLINES Could YOU survive the suicide circle? Math puzzle solved by Jewish soldier to avoid death at the hands of Roman soldiers explained Will YOU see the supermoon tonight? Interactive map reveals which areas will have the best view Meet 'Baby Boom': Richard Branson-backed mini-concorde that can fly from London to New York in 3.5 hours is unveiled Is YOUR phone safe? 700 million Android handsets may be secretly sending users' texts to China every 72 hours Did voter's 'embarrassment, shame and fear' over backing Donald Trump explain why polls were so wrong? Humans will NOT survive another 1,000 years on Earth, says Stephen Hawking: Physicist warns we must 'escape beyond our fragile planet' The 'Stone Age Atlantis': Stunning video reveals the 9,000-year-old settlement found submerged under the sea off Sweden The end of silicon? IBM is creating 'carbon chips' that can make computers 1,000 times faster The formula for a PERFECT cup of coffee: Mathematician reveals the best way to make a brew Silicon Valley issues plea to Donald Trump to support strong encryption and let them hire more foreign workers Why baby talk is GOOD for children: Speaking 'motherese' helps them develop language skills much faster iPhone 8 to get a size boost: Radical redesign set to boast new 5 and 5.8inch edge to edge curved screens Mysterious 'megafast electrons' are accelerated to the speed of light just outside Earth's magnetic field - and scientists say strange discovery could change particle physics forever Sex with robots will be 'mind blowing': Expert says androids could one day improve your skills in the bedroom U.S. will become a 'rogue country' if Donald Trump dumps Paris climate accord,  former Irish President Mary Robinson warns MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today Not such a scruffy-looking Nerf Herder after all! Carrie Fisher opens up about  her 'wine-sodden' affair with Harrison Ford on set of Star Wars Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together Sexy for Scott! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she continues to enjoy getaway with Disick  Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Looked like she had plenty on her mind Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Looked as calm and collected as can be  'You have to practice your cosmetics routine as much as your dance routine': NFL cheerleader reveals her beauty regimen Sponsored Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Says she is serious  Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Clinton and a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame Singer looked stunning in Los Angeles  'I've never felt this pain before': Below Deck's Nico Scholly mourns death of his 21-year-old brother Tristen Bravo reality star shared heart-breaking tweets Meghan Markle 'wants a future with Prince Harry and is ready to give it all up to make their relationship work'  The actress is currently starring in Suits Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Spy Kids movies star From peacoats to parkas, the outerwear fashions you will see everywhere this winter - and where you can find them Sponsored Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Spotted leaving Fig & Olive Kim Zolciak suggests husband Kroy Biermann as a co-host for Kelly Ripa on the morning show Live! With Kelly Is she trying to find the free agent a job? Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Left show tragically  'Someone asked me who the hunk on my screensaver is. It's JOE BIDEN': Internet users go gaga after snapshots of a young Vice President flood social media How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Declared he was heterosexual  Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY middle in latest waist-training selfie Said it was 'disturbing' FEMAIL rounds up holiday make-up inspiration to steal from the star-studded and gorgeous Glamour Women of the Year Awards red carpet  Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Model hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during getaway Super Bowl MVP and Johnny Manziel's best friend Von Miller 'attempts to stop woman blackmailing him over $2.5m sex tape she filmed' 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'Hallmark-card cliché' romance with Blake Lively... as he hints they slept together on first date Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport Jumped on a connecting flight from Australia 'Apologies in advance!' Ivanka Trump shares funny video of Arabella jumping in Theo's crib while performing an enthusiastic rendition of the 'Pineapple Pen' song Inside Donald Trump's $100million penthouse: Gold-rimmed candy bowls, a toy Mercedes for his 10-year-old son, coloring pencils for his wife and painted ceilings Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fightback The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals the juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala He got in the center of their feud Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Colonial-style home is owned by media mogul Bill O'Reilly suggests Megyn Kelly is making Fox News 'look bad' by releasing book claiming she was sexually harassed by Roger Ailes Appeared to criticize her Well it was the 80s! Diana's most memorable outfits are celebrated in a new exhibition Traces the evolution of the Princess's style A lesson in style! As Sophia Richie and Gigi Hadid embrace high school chic in letterman jackets, FEMAIL finds the coolest varsity bombers on the market Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split Soon over heartache 'So what did you think of the Nubian ibexes?' Queen Elizabeth has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth host Sir David Attenborough at Buckingham Palace Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Third baby for actress 'We already love him': George W. Bush and wife Laura announce adoption of adorable rescue puppy named Freddy New addition to family Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir A big day for the Pitch Perfect actress 'He scared the s*** out of us': Lin-Manuel Miranda claims rapper Immortal Technique was a school bully Shared that the rapper used to pick on him 'What a mess!' Bristol Palin shares a snap of her nearly one-year-old daughter Sailor Grace grinning away while covered in chocolate and cookie crumbs Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Ivanka Trump comes under fire after her company promotes $10k bracelet she wore  during father's first TV interview as president-elect Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Got very emotional 'I hope you realise what s*** you laid on Yoko!': John Lennon's furious letter to Paul and Linda McCartney over their treatment of his wife goes up for auction Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic stroll Had smiles fixed to their faces Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Judge rules Nick Loeb must name his former lovers at the request of ex-fiance Sofia Vergara in bitter row over frozen embryos he wants to raise as children For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60million Super property  What a waist! Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo The magic returns! Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at star-studded London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win She's only 12! A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gemma Arterton strips down to her lingerie as she gets VERY hot and heavy with nearly nude Idris Elba in steamy scenes from 100 Streets 'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Bono is joined by his wife and daughters as he urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality during Glamour Awards acceptance speech  Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy The couple have already named the bundle of joy Jimi Hendrix's adopted sister is sued by the musician's bandmate for 'refusing to return guitars used in Rock and Roll Hall of Fame exhibit' Ugly battle Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London As fashion brands vow to donate funds to Planned Parenthood with sale of specially-designed products, FEMAIL rounds up the items now being sold Nick Viall goes shirtless as contestants fawn over his 'super hot' body in first promo for The Bachelor's new season Fans can't wait! 'Strange men turned up outside. Death threats were common': Megyn Kelly reveals safety fears after 'thin-skinned' Trump began publicly attacking her What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Welcomed her daughter just five days ago 'The band back together!': Kelly Ripa shares rare family photo with husband Mark Consuelos and their full brood Happy family  Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  Real name is Katherine von Drachenberg Reality star Kristin Cavallari said she's been bullied by 'insecure' fan of her Chicago Bears quarterback husband Jay Cutler on Twitter 'Never let anyone belittle you for your gender': Hilaria Baldwin tells her three-year-old daughter to never be 'objectified' in letter following Hillary's defeat Prince Harry wears identical bracelet to the one girlfriend Meghan Markle has as he meets staff at a sexual health charity and is serenaded by the group's choir Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is officially named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Williams, 36, was simply stunning  'He been f***ing some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' 'It's great that she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah Bagshawe... and jokes they are just 'trying to keep their baby alive' Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2 million Instagram followers Sheer daring! Elyse Taylor bares her nipples in a see-through bra and jeans in a VERY steamy photo shoot...after posing completely naked 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of $200m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH the trio if it fails Megyn Kelly claims Roger Ailes threatened her after she rejected his advances, and he'd still be Fox News CEO if Gretchen Carlson hadn't filed lawsuit Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife A-list crowd Make like Madonna in Cuba, Kim Kardashian in Mexico or the Beckhams in Greece: The hottest places to holiday in 2017 according to A-Listers That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'I do!' Adrienne Bailon and Israel Houghton share first kiss in touching wedding video Revealed the dress and the wedding cake and first dance  The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Tried to board a flight Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time Was unrecognizable Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian Laurie Hernandez tearfully dances way into DWTS finals as late grandmother cheers her on in pretaped message The 16-year-old wiped away tears A family affair! Pregnant Tori Spelling shows her support for The Rock's new movie as she attends Moana premiere with her children Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards...after being honoured the year before Looked sensational  Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Revealing outfit Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Enjoyed a rare night out with her husband  Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Her most famous feature 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's how to do maternity wear Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves Hated the last one Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' Modern Family actress  She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana She stunned for the star-studded occasion 'She stole my heart': Garth Brooks and Miley Cyrus fight back tears over teenager Darby Walker on The Voice They were both moved by her Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't decide on which look to keep 'Get over it': Jax Taylor tells girlfriend Brittany Cartwright to move past his growing rumors on Vanderpump Rules Risked losing her once and for all Making him proud! Robert Irwin, Bindi and their family, pay tribute to the late Steve Irwin as they put on a crocodile show at Australia Zoo Keeping his memory Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive Once the Undisputed WWE Champion Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  Revealed how much of a big deal her photos are Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit Was a featured speaker at the LA event  Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Award Cut glamorous figures Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards One of the world's most recognizable models Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Turned a head or two Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA Top for the crops Has Chloe Lattanzi been editing her Instagram photos AGAIN? Olivia Newton-John's daughter shows off her VERY slim frame in new snaps Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA He looks younger than ever Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles The Blue Lagoon star layered her sweater with a white tee underneath 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album Disco doll! Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash Gave NeueHouse Hollywood patrons an eyeful of her taut figure Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Shared a sexy snap  Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC In training for the runway Where's Eleven? Caleb McLaughlin, Gaten Matarazzo and Finn Wolfhard seen on Stranger Things season two set for first time Getting excited   Playboy model, 26, who appeared in Justin Bieber video boasts of her incredible $1million wedding to 63-year-old Egyptian multi-millionaire  Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend wished his fellow countryman well via video  Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney Emma Roberts cuts a stylish figure in skintight top and jeans while grabbing coffee in Los Angeles The niece of Julia Roberts Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening Was joined at Cadillac House by husband Johannes Huebl and Poppy Delevingne Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner can't believe their ears after learning about Kris Jenner's car crash in KUWTK preview Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now,' said a family source Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna On the way to the American Music Awards which air on Sunday  Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican vacation with Scott Disick Sunshine break  Ashley Graham sizzles as she flashes cleavage in sexy beaded jumpsuit at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards...after wowing in clingy black dress She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Enjoying working her glutes What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Star looked stunning The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry, asks EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE  Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  The 20-year-old wowed in an exquisite number Married! Bachelor vet Bob Guiney weds for the THIRD time... 13 years after first appearing on dating show where he competed for Trista Sutter's heart Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video Very 21st century way to get around 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message Post Trump's win  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet affection  'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Actor's not happy She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Bought some necessary edge to the premiere She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Looked beautiful  The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Stylist Sam McKnight  'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer For the upcoming film Patriots Day Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District More used to wrapping gold around his waist Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon Sofia Richie doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumors they are back together as they attend same event In Compton last week Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to hubby James Cook at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time Met the baby 18 days after his big brother Kevin welcomed her PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance Southern comfort  Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells for extra effect   'Women are scared a predator will soon be residing in the White House': Lena Dunham talks Donald Trump win at Glamour's Summit Shared her thoughts Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Rogue One: A Star Wars Story shares new IMAX poster as well as 'Call sign' clip one month before film's release The new movie is much anticipated  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe Chatting about their new romances? Jessica Marais oozes sex appeal as she shows off her cleavage in a range of stunning dresses for sultry InStyle beach cover shoot Bon Jovi takes Billboard's number one album spot for SIXTH time with This House Is Not For Sale Sold 129,000 units according to figures Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy above-knee boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch 'Deadliest Catch' star is severely beaten and robbed after an altercation in Washington  Jake Harris was brutally attacked and robbed  A legend returns! Hayao Miyazaki, 75, the filmmaker behind Spirited Away reveals he will come out of retirement to make one final film The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Television showdown Respected PBS NewsHour anchor Gwen Ifill dies aged 61 after a short, private battle with cancer She was surrounded by her family All the handbags but no clothes to wear? Model Jessica Hart strips down to bikini top and dances around in a revealing new Christmas video Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch Canadian supermodel  'My first pair of designer shoes cost more than my rent!': Anna Kendrick dishes on early fame as she plugs Scrappy Little Nobody book on Today 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson Dished on shared night Stop, collaborate and listen: Vanilla Ice, Salt-N-Pepa, Coolio, Young MC, Color Me Badd and Tone Loc set to bring the ultimate '90s tour to Australia in 2017 EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused invitation into Cher's bedroom, fueled feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez and was flashed by a RH star Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Had everything clicking at the promotional event Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel supermodel wowed 'It's all I need!' Makeup free Ashley Hart flaunts her stunning figure in a bikini as she reveals her summer beauty regime Summer beauty regime for the model Walking on sunshine! Ivanka Trump is all smiles as she leaves her apartment hand-in-hand with Jared - before taking on the mannequin challenge  Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, is arrested for 'molesting a girl under the age of 10' in Georgia She was allegedly abused for months Russia's Pussy Riot issues stark warning about Trump's presidency in shocking 'Make America Great Again' video predicting what the future holds Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks like a princess How Donald Trump and ex Marla Maples' lavish 1993 Tiffany & Co wedding registry listed everything from a $530 crystal 'sail' sculpture to a $1,250 BOWL 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Pet project 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year Married to Blake Lively Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer star Abby Wambach in her latest confessional post sharing sweet selfie of them together 'It's awkward!' Marion Cotillard reveals what's it was like filming sex scenes with Brad Pitt for WWII film Allied Dished about 'making love' onscreen 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car Amicable exes appeared to be relaxed and happy Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family... before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Woman, 23, who gorged on TWO dinners a night and tipped the scales at 400lbs becomes an Instagram star after losing almost half her body weight Behati Prinsloo shares beach picture with Adam Levine and baby Dusty Wanted the world to know there are no problems in her family Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Shine on! As celebs like Kylie Jenner and Hailey Baldwin step out in satin fashions, FEMAIL rounds up high gloss garments that will get you noticed 'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar Penned an open essay to the publication John Oliver goes on epic anti-Trump rant on his final show of the year, calling the president elect an 'abnormal pathological liar' From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive.. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Oklahoma airport in lock-down with all flights suspended after Southwest Airlines employee and father of NFL player is shot dead and a 'sniper's nest is found' in nearby parking garage  138 comments 1 video SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad If Raytheon gets jet contract, assembly plant in Meridian By Associated Press Published: 18:20 EST, 24 October 2016 | Updated: 18:20 EST, 24 October 2016 e-mail MERIDIAN, Miss. (AP) — Raytheon Co . says that if it gets an Air Force contract to build 350 training jets, its assembly plant will be in Mississippi. The Waltham, Massachusetts-based company announced Monday that it has a shovel-ready site in Meridian. "We anticipate the Meridian facility will create hundreds of new jobs," spokesman B.J. Boling said in an email. A Raytheon radar factory in Forest, Mississippi, has about 800 employees, according to a news release from Mississippi's congressional delegation. Three other international partnerships are competing: Northrop Grumman Corp. and BAE Systems; Boeing and Saab AB; and Lockheed Martin and Korean Aerospace Industries Ltd. Raytheon's principal partners are Leonardo-Finmeccanica, CAE USA and Honeywell Aerospace. The Air Force has said it expects to award contracts next fall. It is expected to formally ask for proposals in December, Boling wrote. Boeing and Northrop Grumman say they have built all-new planes for the competition. Lockheed Martin and Raytheon say their entries are upgrades of existing planes. The Air Force released requirements for what it calls the T-X trainer project in March. The current trainer, Northrop Grumman's T-38, was first built in 1961. It can be used to teach only six of 18 advanced pilot training tasks, and fewer than 75 percent of the 431 planes are usable, the Air Force said. "New, cutting-edge training aircraft are critical to our national security, and I am confident that Mississippi workers can help provide those planes," U.S. Sen. Thad Cochran, a Republican and chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee and its defense subcommittee, said in the delegation's news release. "I look forward to this competition and I am excited that Meridian may play an expanded role in defense of our nation." Other members of Mississippi's delegation were equally enthusiastic. "Mississippi's talent base is as skilled and prepared for high-tech manufacturing jobs as any in the nation and this is further proof of that," said Rep. Bennie G. Thompson, a Democrat. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Clinton and a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame Looked stunning  'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
Contact Newsagent Login Business Search Scoop     WIRES: SCOOPS PARLIAMENT POLITICS REGIONAL BUSINESS SCI-TECH WORLD CULTURE EDUCATION HEALTH SECTIONS: HOME COMMENT MULTIMEDIA NZ POLITICS BIZ & SCI/TECH WORLD LIFESTYLE ARCHIVES MOST READ VIDEO Video | Agriculture | Confidence | Economy | Energy | Employment | Finance | Media | Property | RBNZ | Science | SOEs | Tax | Technology | Telecoms | Tourism | Transport | Search    Related  Email  Print Scoop >> Business Tweet While you were sleeping: Sentiment lifts Wall St Tuesday, 25 October 2016, 7:48 am Article: BusinessDesk While you were sleeping: Sentiment lifts Wall St Oct. 25 (BusinessDesk) - Wall Street gained on optimism about the outlook for corporate earnings, and a fresh wave of merger activity including AT&T’s agreement to buy Time Warner also bolstered sentiment. In 2.26pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 0.4 percent, while the Nasdaq Composite Index climbed 0.9 percent. In 2.11pm trading, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index gained 0.4 percent. “It's been a pretty good quarter for earnings so far and we might finally see the end of earnings recession," Randy Frederick, managing director of trading and derivatives for Charles Schwab in Austin, Texas, told Reuters. “If you look at the companies that have reported so far, most of them have outperformed the long-term average in profit and revenue,” Frederick noted. The Dow rose as gains in shares of Microsoft and those of Boeing, recently trading 2 percent and 1.6 percent higher respectively, outweighed slides in shares of Chevron and those of Merck, recently down 1 percent and 0.7 percent respectively. Shares of AT&T traded 1.8 percent lower after the company said it agreed to Time Warner in a deal worth US$85.4 billion. Shares of Time Warner last traded 2.5 percent lower at US$87.27, compared with AT&T’s US$107.50 a share’s offer. Investors “expect bad things to happen in Washington,” Roger Entner, an analyst with Recon Analytics, told Bloomberg. “Investors are sceptical of the deal being consummated.” Shares of Restaurant Brands International dropped after the owner of Burger King and Tim Hortons posted disappointing quarterly results, underpinning signs of weakness in the fast-food industry. Burger King’s same-store sales rose 1.7 percent in the quarter, while Tim Hortons’ comparable sales increased 2 percent, the company said in a statement. Both were short of analysts’ expectations and a slowdown from the year-earlier quarter. Shares of Restaurant Brands International traded 4.2 percent lower as of 1.18pm in New York. In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index ended the day at 344.26, a little lower from the previous close. The UK’s FTSE 100 Index fell 0.5 percent. France’s CAC 40 Index gained 0.4 percent, while Germany’s DAX Index rose 0.5 percent. Syngenta shares slid on concern that China National Chemical Corp’s US$43 billion takeover of the Swiss company risks regulatory delays in the European Union, Bloomberg reported. ChemChina didn’t submit so-called remedies in the EU’s early-stage review of the deal by the October 21 deadline, leaving the bloc until October 28 to decide whether to approve the deal without any strings attached or open an extended "phase two" probe that could add at least another four months to a decision, according to Bloomberg Syngenta shares closed 5.8 percent lower in Zurich. (BusinessDesk) © Scoop Media BusinessDesk Independent, Trustworthy New Zealand Business News The Wellington-based BusinessDesk team led by former Bloomberg Asian top editor Jonathan Underhill and Qantas Award-winning journalist and commentator Pattrick Smellie provides a daily news feed for a serious business audience. CONTACT BUSINESSDESK Email - editor@businessdesk.co.nz   Tweet         Business Headlines | Sci-Tech Headlines BUSINESS, SCIENCE & TECH > >   Easing Ending? RBNZ's Wheeler Cuts OCR Reserve Bank governor Graeme Wheeler cut the official cash rate to a new record low to try to stoke inflation in an economy growing ahead of expectations and signalled the end of the easing cycle. The kiwi dollar gained after the statement. More>> ALSO: BusinessDesk - RBNZ's Wheeler has 'open mind' on currency intervention Reserve Bank - Official Cash Rate reduced to 1.75 percent Media: Commerce Commission Initial Decision To Decline NZME/Fairfax Merger The Commission has assessed the impact of the merger on competition in both advertising and reader markets for a number of media platforms as well as the overall impact on quality and plurality (diversity of voices). More>> ALSO: BusinessDesk - NZME shares slump to new low - Concentration of NZME, Fairfax tie-up a concern - NZME, Fairfax NZ merger in trouble in ComCom draft decision Labour - ComCom merger decline a win for media diversity E tu - Union welcomes draft decision to reject NZME-Fairfax merger Simpson Grierson - Stance on NZME/Fairfax merger bound to be highly contentious Out-Link - Tim Murphy: The StuffMe merger is stuffed | The Spinoff Inflation: Those With Lowest Living Standards Face Highest Price Rises CTU: In the year to September, while a typical household experienced price increases of 0.1 percent, the lowest spending households saw prices rise by 0.6 percent, beneficiaries by 0.8 percent and superannuitants by 0.4 percent. At the end of the scale, the highest spending households saw prices fall by 0.3 percent. More>> ALSO: Statistics NZ - Superannuitants experience highest inflation Greens - New data shows National’s two-track economy Royal Society: Increased Number Of Projects Funded In 2016 A total of 117 research projects have been allocated $65.2 million (excl. GST) of funding in this year’s Marsden Fund grants, which support New Zealand’s best investigator-initiated research in the areas of science, engineering, maths, social sciences and the humanities. More>> ALSO: NZ Govt - $65.2m in Marsden funding for NZ researchers University of Otago - Major Marsden funding for Otago researchers University of Auckland - University of Auckland celebrates Marsden fund success University of Canterbury - University of Canterbury snares 10% of Marsden Funding Massey University - Marsden funding awarded for Pacific customary land use study NZ Taxpayers' Union - Royal Society's Marsden grants an embarrassment Auckland University - Auckland medical science benefits from major grants Universities NZ - Te Pokai Tara - Universities awarded 92.5% of Marsden research funding Gordon Campbell: On Britain’s Landmark Court Ruling Against Uber The shockwaves from Uber’s defeat last week in a British court have reportedly already begun to wash up here in New Zealand with some local drivers thinking of taking a similar class action. More>> ALSO: NZ Uber Driver Association - Government's lack of apparent action against Uber BusinessDesk - Uber seeks government affairs manager to lobby on regulation Gordon Campbell - Gordon Campbell on special needs education funding changes Trade: NZ Trade Deficit Widens To A Record In September Oct. 27 (BusinessDesk) - New Zealand's monthly trade deficit widened to a record in September as meat exports dropped to their lowest level in more than three years. More>> ALSO: HiFX - HiFX Data Update - NZ Trade Balance (Sep) Statistics NZ - Meat exports fall 15 percent in September quarter Get More From Scoop Submit News/Press Releases To Scoop Scoop Online Community Scoop Media on Facebook Follow Scoop on Twitter Scoop YouTube Channel   LATEST HEADLINES BUSINESS SCI-TECH Investore Property's maiden first-half result as standalone 1:07 PM | BusinessDesk Tech to save the great Kiwi lifestyle 1:06 PM | SparkTank Family Owned Wine Company supporting the NZ Industry 1:02 PM | Glengarry Wines Markets rotating to value 12:56 PM | CMC Markets IkeGPS first-half loss widens as Stanley rollout delayed 12:55 PM | BusinessDesk Peter Yealands Recognised with Lifetime Achievement Award 12:28 PM | Yealands Wine Group Tuatara stoush demonstrates court of public opinion rules 12:16 PM | Zone Law More   RSS Coping with disaster - Expert Q&A 15/11/16 | Science Media Centre Tech Futures Lab offers innovative one-year Masters 15/11/16 | Tech Futures 2016 is set to break even the temperature records of 2015 15/11/16 | World Meteorological Or... Nitrogen Recording Protects Water And Drives Efficiency 15/11/16 | Fonterra Project Echo part of international bat symposium in Hamilton 15/11/16 | Hamilton City Counci... Magnitude 7.5, 14 November, NZ Earthquake - Expert reaction 14/11/16 | Science Media Centre Severe weather to hit during quake clean-up 14/11/16 | MetService More   RSS   Featured InfoPages   Bill Bennett on Tech Microsoft Surface Book one year on 14 Nov | Bill Bennett More copper criticism as Vodafone joins fixed 4G w... 12 Nov | Bill Bennett Power poles may carry fibre to bush 06 Nov | Bill Bennett Microsoft double-dipping with Outlook.com ads 06 Nov | Bill Bennett Spark, Vodafone, Chorus and the battle for fibre 05 Nov | Bill Bennett Smartwatches not ticking 30 Oct | Bill Bennett Wireless — a drop in the data ocean 29 Oct | Bill Bennett More   RSS   BUSINESS.scoop Valuecruncher Peter Yealands Recognised with Lifetime Achievemen... 10:28 AM | admin ATEED Head “Living the Life of Riley” 10:16 AM | admin Tuatara stoush demonstrates court of public opinio... 10:16 AM | admin Survey finds little impact on business from OECD t... 10:10 AM | admin NZ dollar falls as US data lifts greenback 9:55 AM | admin 2016 iSANZ Awards winners announced 9:49 AM | admin Air New Zealand Airband™ Innovation of the Year 9:42 AM | admin More   RSS News Alerts Valuecruncher data feeds 4:18 AM | The Crunch Updated Valuecruncher Dataset 02 Feb | The Crunch Guest Post – Andrew Smith on Apple (AAPL) 25 Nov | The Crunch Woodward Research provides free equity research re... 25 Nov | The Crunch Some quick thoughts on the LinkedIn ($LNKD) IPO 20 May | The Crunch Company of the Day Tweets – 30 December 2010 30 Dec | The Crunch NZX (New Zealand) Company of the Day Tweets – 30 D... 30 Dec | The Crunch More   RSS News Alerts     Powershop Loudhailer 1. Powershop and Pulse big winners of electricity customer switch 2. Stuff.co.nz: Stable power prices expected 3. Stuff.co.nz: Force against Powershop over Darth Vader image 4. Stuff.co.nz: Powershop 6th Fastest Growing Company in Asia Pacific 5. Forbes.com: Powershop - The eBay of Electricity by Tony Seba 6. NZ Herald: Powershop Tops Rankings For Consumer Satisfaction (Again)     Business SciTech Section Blogroll Business Business.scoop - Jonathan Underhill and Pattrick Smellie The Main Report - Trends In NZ Business NZ Transport Intelligence Briefing Profitable Agri-Business Farming News 2011 Election Results Graphic - NZ Election Results - 2011 NZ Election Results - 2011 NZ General Election Results Finance NZ Dollar/US Graph NZ & AUS Shares JP Yen/US Dollar Graph Global Share Markets Global Currencies Oil Futures Spot Gold Science Weather Underground Te Papa's Blog Technology GPS fleet management ReadWriteWeb - Web Apps, Web Technology Trends, Social Networking & Social Media Other Links New Fisher & Paykel kitchen appliances Business Management Training Courses Scoop Newsagent Media Monitoring Email Alerts Media Tracking     Contact Newsagent Login Business Search Scoop       Scoop.co.nz About Us Contact Submit News Services Advertise Newsagent Subscribe Login Scoop on Facebook Scoop on Twitter Scoop - Mobile Site Headline Wires Scoops Parliament Politics Regional Business Sci-Tech World Culture Education Health Sections Comment Multimedia NZ Politics Biz & Sci/Tech World Lifestyle Video Specialist Sites InfoPages TechLab Werewolf Gordon Campbell Business Scoop Pacific Scoop Gaza Scoop Auckland Scoop Wellington Scoop Community Scoop Parliament Today Advertising Scoop Search Scoop Scoop Media Cartel Scoop Public Address The Standard Theatreview LiveNews Pundit SpareRoom The Big Idea © Scoop Media |  Terms of Use |  Privacy Policy | Feedback  
The Spokesman-Review Menu Log in Register Obits E-edition Classifieds Customer Service The Spokesman-Review Home News Opinion Features Entertainment Sports Blogs Classifieds LocalRegionalIdahoNation/WorldVoices Business Health Elections Today's News Archives E-Edition Data Projects Local Guides Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Births Announcements Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Sitemap » OpinionLetters Features HomeFoodHealthBoomer U Spokane7.com Entertainment Calendar Movies Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Local area guides Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Sports HomeSportslink Blog High School Sports Outdoors EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Basketball WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire Blog Home Clarksville Editor's notes Extra Credit Eye On Boise Getting There Huckleberries Online On Tap Outdoors blog Photo blog Sirens & Gavels Spin Control Spokane 7 Spokane Valley SportsLink The Slice The Tech Deck Too Many Cooks Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Weddings Birthdays/Anniversaries GoShopping FEATURED » Reader photos S-R Podcast Gonzaga basketball WSU football Menu Search Contact Contact Tue., Nov. 15, 2016 50˚ Business MONDAY, OCT. 24, 2016, 1:52 P.M. Rockwell Collins to buy B/E Aerospace for $6.4 billion Associated Press Twitter Facebook Email Reddit NEW YORK – The move by Rockwell Collins Inc. to buy B/E Aerospace Inc. will combine two of the biggest suppliers to airplane makers and airlines. Rockwell announced Sunday that it will pay $6.4 billion to buy its rival, a 22.5 percent premium over B/E’s closing stock price on Friday. In afternoon trading Monday, shares of Rockwell fell almost 6 percent while B/E shares jumped almost 16 percent. Rockwell said the deal will diversify its offerings to plane manufacturers and airlines. Rockwell sells avionics and electronics systems used in airline, business and military jets. B/E, based in Wellington, Florida, makes aircraft cabin interiors including seating, storage and lavatory systems. Rockwell Collins, which is based in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, said that with B/E, it will nearly double the value of systems it sells for new single-aisle planes by Boeing and Airbus and triple its components in bigger two-aisle planes that are often used on international routes. The stock and cash deal needs approval by shareholders of both companies and by regulators. It is expected to close next spring. Raymond James analyst Harry Breach said the sale added to a slowly rising number of deals in the aerospace industry, including recent Rockwell acquisitions to add expertise in in-flight connectivity and entertainment. Still, Breach said, despite expected cost savings from combining Rockwell and B/E, “we cannot clearly see the strategic synergy here.” Cowen and Co. analyst Cai von Rumohr called the deal “a good fit” but said it was “a bit pricey.” He said B/E’s strong relationships with airline customers would complement Rockwell’s strength with business jet and military customers. Rockwell said the deal will save about $160 million in overlapping spending and boost earnings per share within a year. If the deal is completed, Rockwell will have nearly 30,000 employees about $8 billion in annual revenue. Rockwell will pay $34.10 in cash and $27.90 in its stock for each B/E share. It will also assume $1.9 billion in B/E debt. Published: Oct. 24, 2016, 1:52 p.m.  Tags: B/E Aerospace, merger, Rockwell Collins Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Unlimited Digital Access Print edition home delivery Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2016, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Close Sections Home News Local News Regional News Idaho News Nation/World Business Community Voices Opinion Opinion Letters Features Features Home  Food Health Boomer U Spokane 7 Entertainment Calendar On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Movie Showtimes Contests Sports Sports Home  Outdoors Sportslink Blog Gonzaga Basketball High School Sports WSU Cougar Basketball EWU Eagles Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire GU Board EWU Eagles Football WSU Cougar Football Spokane Indians Blogs Blogs Home  Clarksville Editor's notes Extra Credit Eye On Boise Getting There Huckleberries Online On Tap Outdoors blog Photo blog Sirens & Gavels Spin Control Spokane 7 Spokane Valley SportsLink The Slice The Tech Deck Too Many Cooks Classifieds Obituaries Classifieds Homes Jobs Autos Weddings GoShopping E-Edition Sitemap Profile Log in Create account Customer Service Close Contact the Spokesman Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 Back to Spokesman Mobile
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad U.S. stocks, dollar rise; oil briefly slips below $50 By Reuters Published: 17:14 EST, 24 October 2016 | Updated: 17:14 EST, 24 October 2016 e-mail By Hilary Russ NEW YORK, Oct 24 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on Monday, with the S&P 500 hitting a two-week high on the back of strong earnings and a flurry of deal activity, while the U.S. dollar hovered near a nine-month peak against other world currencies. However, Canada's main stock index unofficially closed 0.11 percent lower as oil and gold prices weighed on shares of energy and mining companies, offsetting gains by financial firms. Merger and acquisition activity spurred Wall Street, headed by Saturday's announcement by telecommunications company AT&T Inc that it plans to buy Time Warner Inc for $85.4 billion in what would be the world's biggest deal this year. Strong quarterly earnings also boosted investor confidence. Third-quarter earnings are expected to increase 1.1 percent after four consecutive quarters of contraction, according to Thomson Reuters data. More than a third of the S&P 500 components are scheduled to report earnings this week, including heavyweights such as Apple and Boeing. "Consensus is earnings are going to continue to improve in part due to favorable energy prices and to strong consumption patterns here in the U.S.," said Chad Morganlander, portfolio manager at Stifel Nicolaus in Florham Park, New Jersey. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 77.32 points, or 0.43 percent, to 18,223.03, the S&P 500 gained 10.17 points, or 0.47 percent, to 2,151.33 and the Nasdaq Composite added 52.43 points, or 1 percent, to 5,309.83. The greenback rose on expectations of a Federal Reserve interest rate increase in December. Against a basket of six major currencies, the dollar was up slightly at 98.775, just off a roughly nine-month high of 98.846 touched earlier on Monday. The dollar also briefly hit a one-week high against the yen. Gold prices slipped 0.16 percent to $1,264.27 an ounce by 4:30 p.m. EDT (2030 GMT) on the stronger dollar and interest rate hike speculation. Oil started lower after Iraq said it wanted to be exempt from an Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries deal to cut production. Prices fell as much as 2 percent on news that Britain's Buzzard oilfield will restart on Tuesday or Wednesday, but later recovered slightly. U.S. crude slid below $50 per barrel for the first time since Oct. 18, which triggered technical selling. Brent, the international benchmark for crude, settled down 32 cents, or 0.6 percent, at $51.46 a barrel. U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude fell 33 cents, or 0.7 percent, to settle at $50.52. AT&T and Time Warner closed sharply lower, down 1.68 percent and 3.06 percent, respectively. Wall Street signaled skepticism that AT&T would secure the government approvals needed to carry out its acquisition. Spain's IBEX index led gains in Europe on signs that 10 months of political deadlock could end. The impasse has paralyzed government in one of the countries worst-hit by the euro zone's debt crisis. U.S. Treasury yields lurched higher, in line with a rise in global bond yields, with traders seeing little action ahead of next week's Federal Open Market Committee meeting. (Additional reporting by Fergal Smith in Toronto; Rodrigo Campos, Devika Krishna Kumar, Jan Harvey; Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss, Ethan Lou and Sam Forgione in New York; Editing by Nick Zieminski and Tom Brown) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Clinton and a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame Looked stunning  'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Education Election 2016 Databases Columnists Illinois Law and order Metro Nation Obits Political Fix St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel Columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print Ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 55° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Partly cloudy. Tonight Partly cloudy skies. Low around 45F. Winds light and variable. Updated: November 15, 2016 @ 5:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell U.S. Business AP If Raytheon gets jet contract, assembly plant in Meridian Oct 24, 2016 (…) MERIDIAN, Miss. (AP) — Raytheon Co . of Waltham, Massachusetts, says that if it gets an Air Force contract to build 350 training jets, its assembly plant will be in Mississippi. The company announced Monday that it has a shovel-ready site in Meridian for the plant, which spokesman B.J. Boling says would create hundreds of jobs. Three other international partnerships are competing: One includes Northrop Grumman Corp. and BAE Systems of London; another incluses Boeing and Saab AB of Stockholm; the third is Lockheed Martin and Korean Aerospace Industries. Raytheon's principal partners are Leonardo-Finmeccanica of Rome, CAE USA and Honeywell Aerospace. Boling says in an email that the Air Force is expected to formally ask for proposals in December. ___ Online: http://www.raytheon.com/ Here are the best large places to work in St. Louis What's going up: Read the Building Blocks blog Meet the best small businesses to work at in St. Louis See how St. Louis stocks are faring http://bit.ly/2eL2UEH http://www.northropgrumman.com/ http://www.boeing.com/ http://www.lockheedmartin.com/ Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank Tags Wire Missouri State News Business General News Hiring And Recruitment Production Facilities Personnel Aerospace And Defense Industry Industrial Products And Services Corporate News Locations Meridian Mississippi Waltham United States North America Massachusetts View (…) comments Most popular How the Trump agenda could change the way St. Louis does business Boeing moving 500 jobs to St. Louis Plans for St. Peters shopping center advance Wine storage company owner charged in St. Louis with selling liquor without license GM to lay off 2,000 workers at plants in Michigan and Ohio Follow us Business columnists Jim Gallagher - Finance David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Employer News Turn Seasonal Hires into All-Season Brand Ambassadors Latest in section Google releases app to digitize boxes of old photo prints Golden years redefined as older Americans work Divorce hits retirees hard, especially women A decade from retirement? Behind in planning? Five things you can do now to get ready. When did retirement become a dirty word? Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Stock markets Top workplaces Enter our Pigskin Picks football contest! Click here to flip through the 2016 Top Workplaces section See ads from today's newspaper Manage your services Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2016 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Toggle navigation    Home Pakistan Islamabad Punjab Sindh Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Balochistan Gilgit Bultistan Azad Jammu & Kashmir World Business Sport Life & Style Opinion Blogs Features Today's Paper E-PAPER Archives Serene airline starts operations   By: DailyTimes 25-Oct-16 868 Popular Authorities Identify Junaid Khan as hero who prevented large scale massacre 02-Sep-16 Authorities Identify Junaid Khan as hero who pr ... Rs8.4m generators for Sharifs, as nation bears load-shedding 01-Jul-16 Top News Zehri forms team to probe into Shrine attack 16-Nov-16 QUETTA: Balochistan Chief Mini ... SC directs Imran, Tareen to respond to allegations 16-Nov-16 ISLAMABAD: The Supreme Court ( ... Sir: A couple of days back, a Pakistani airline, Serene Air, started its operations with three Boeing aircrafts. I applaud it as a great initiative by a private company to serve the nation. It has been granted a license only for domestic purposes for the next two years by the PCAA and would, hopefully, soon develop to serve international airs. To operate internationally, the airline requires at least five aircrafts. At present, however, Serene would start its flights between Lahore, Karachi, Islamabad, Peshawar and Multan. I hope that this marvellous opportunity would help lessen the menace of unemployment while also increasing our revenue and boosting our economy. Pakistan should launch more airlines on domestic routes to ensure that these air carriers would benefit passengers with lower fares and an improved quality of service. RAMSHA ASIF Karachi   Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus E-Paper Aaj Kal Sunday Magazine Facebook Daily Times Instagram Twitter Tweets by @DailyTimes_DT SoundCloud sunday magazine aaj kal Business Plus TGIF Zaiqa TV Company Financials Contact us Privacy Policy TERMS AND CONDITIONS © 2016 Dailytimes - ALL RIGHTS RESERVED Powered By opustech.co
Enter your email Address Executive Mosaic POC Executive Biz GovCon Executive Executive Gov GovConExec GovConIndex GovConVideo GovCon Wire Your Direct Source for Government Contracting News Home Contract Awards Executive Moves Financial Report M&A Activity Press Releases Weekly Roundup Advertise About GovConIndex Home / Financial Report / October 24 Market Close: GovCon Index Lifts on Defense Prime Gains, Rockwell Collins Tumbles on Flat Guidance October 24 Market Close: GovCon Index Lifts on Defense Prime Gains, Rockwell Collins Tumbles on Flat Guidance Ross Wilkers October 24, 2016 Financial Report, News 1,328 Views Executive Mosaic’s GovCon Index held higher Monday with large prime contractors the top advancers to offset a large decline by Rockwell Collins (NYSE: COL) on flat revenue guidance for its current fiscal year as U.S. stocks advanced on deal activity and new earnings reports. GovCon Index gainers outnumbered laggers at a 5-to-1 ratio and nine of its 11 S&P 500 companies advanced with co-listed stocks Boeing (NYSE: BA) and Lockheed Martin (NYSE: LMT) as the GCI’s top two net performers in Monday trade. Lockheed starts third quarter financial reporting season for large GovCon primes before markets open Tuesday and Wall Street analysts expect the world’s largest defense contractor to post $2.86 earnings per share at $11.45 billion in revenue. Wednesday’s batch of third quarter reports includes Boeing, General Dynamics (NYSE: GD) and Northrop Grumman (NYSE: NOC); with Thursday’s slate to come from Raytheon (NYSE: RTN) and L-3 Communications (NYSE: LLL). Bethesda, Md.-based Lockheed’s full-year guidance issued in July expects earnings of $12.15-$12.45 per share with $50 billion-$51.5 billion but the company will likely revise its expectations in light of the Aug. 16 spinoff and subsequent merger of its former estimated $5.6 billion government information technology and technical services segment to Leidos Holdings (NYSE: LDOS). The consensus full-year analyst forecast for Lockheed has earnings at $11.75 per share and $46.36 billion in revenue, while shares in the F-35 manufacturer have declined 12.88 percent since the deal’s closure. Defense platform and government services primes Science Applications International Corp. (NYSE: SAIC), General Dynamics and CACI International (NYSE: CACI) led GCI net advancers after Boeing and Lockheed. SAIC ended as the GovCon Index’s second-best percentage mover after Vectrus (NYSE: VEC) and third-highest ICF (NYSE: ICFI) closed at a new 52-week high. Shares in Rockwell Collins tumbled as the GCI’s worst net performer after the avionics company issued fiscal year 2017 guidance that indicated little organic growth for the 12 month-period from Oct. 1 as it also agreed to purchase cabin electronics maker B/E Aerospace (Nasdaq: BEAV) for nearly $6.4 billion. Rockwell Collins expects the acquisition to add approximately $2.8 billion in revenue, while B/E Aerospace’s stock closed 16.36 percent higher to a 52-week high of $58.89 with volume of 20.2 million shares traded at 23 times the three-month average. Eight S&P 500 sectors advanced with information technology the top performer and telecommunications the largest decliner on news of AT&T’s agreement to purchase Time Warner for at least $85 billion. CNBC reported a strengthening dollar and oil price declines limited gains by U.S. equities that were also spurred by earnings reports from T-Mobile, VF Corp, Restaurant Brands and Kimberly Clark. Market Summary Index Value Net Change % Change GovCon Index 79.479 +0.289 +0.364% S&P 500 2,151.33 +10.17 +0.47% Dow Jones Industrial Average 18,223.03 +77.32 +0.43% NASDAQ 5,309.83 +52.42 +1.00% Advancing GovCon Index Issues 25 Declining GovCon Index Issues 5 Unchanged GovCon Index Issues 0 Top GovCon Index Net Performers Symbol Company $ Current Price Net Change ▴ % Change BA Boeing * 137.45 +1.82 +1.34% LMT Lockheed Martin * 232.16 +1.64 +0.71% SAIC SAIC 68.67 +1.45 +2.16% GD General Dynamics Corporation * 151.44 +1.26 +0.84% CACI CACI International, Inc. 101.25 +1.10 +1.10% Top GovCon Index Percentage Performers Symbol Company $ Current Price Net Change % Change ▴ VEC Vectrus 17.16 +0.39 +2.33% SAIC SAIC 68.67 +1.45 +2.16% ICFI ICF 46.50 +0.90 +1.97% EGL Engility Holdings 29.69 +0.48 +1.64% CUB Cubic Corp. 41.40 +0.65 +1.60% Lowest GovCon Index Net Performers Symbol Company $ Current Price Net Change ▾ % Change COL Rockwell Collins 79.21 -5.25 -6.22% MCK McKesson Corp. * 160.27 -0.76 -0.47% OA Orbital ATK 75.78 -0.27 -0.36% CSRA CSRA * 26.12 -0.09 -0.34% CAE CAE 14.20 -0.06 -0.42% Lowest GovCon Index Percentage Performers Symbol Company $ Current Price Net Change % Change ▾ COL Rockwell Collins, Inc. 79.21 -5.25 -6.22% MCK McKesson Corp. * 160.27 -0.76 -0.47% CAE CAE 14.20 -0.06 -0.42% OA Orbital ATK 75.78 -0.27 -0.36% CSRA CSRA * 26.12 -0.09 -0.34% Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Tags Acquisition Avionics B/E Aerospace ba BEAV Boeing CACI cae col CSRA CUB cubic Defense EGL Engility F-35 featured financial report GD General Dynamics govcon GovCon Index ICF ICFI information technology LDOS leidos lmt Lockheed Martin MCK McKesson merger noc Northrop Grumman OA Orbital ATK Raytheon Rockwell Collins rtn S&P 500 SAIC telecommunications VEC Vectrus wall street Related Articles November 15 Market Close: GovCon Index Post-Election Gain Streak Ends With 1% Decline, US Stocks Advance November 15, 2016 GAO Denies 9 Bid Protests of DHA Tricare Contract Awards to Humana, Health Net November 15, 2016 SES, Raytheon Vet Kevin Benedict Joins DataPath as US Govt Sales SVP November 15, 2016 Check Also Arlington Capital Partners Merges EOIR With Proteus Technologies, Intelligent Software Solutions to Form Polaris Alpha Arlington Capital Partners has established a new company known as Polaris Alpha after the Washington-based private … Mike Rogers, Cathy Minehan Join Mitre Board of Trustees Mike Rogers, former representative of Michigan’s eighth congressional district, and Cathy Minehan, managing director of Arlington … Sponsor Click to Play Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 Recent Popular Comments Tags November 15 Market Close: GovCon Index Post-Election Gain Streak Ends With 1% Decline, US Stocks Advance November 15, 2016 DigitalGlobe Deploys Lockheed-Made WorldView-4 Imaging Satellite; Rick Ambrose Comments November 15, 2016 AT&T, NASA Partner to Study UAS Traffic Management Methods; Mike Leff Comments November 15, 2016 IBM, NVIDIA Develop New Machine Learning Tool November 15, 2016 F-35 Program Office Taps Northrop, BAE & Australia-Based Teammates for MRO&U Services November 15, 2016 Deloitte Reports $468B 2015 Cost Overrun for Major Defense Acquisition Programs; Robin Lineberger Comments October 27, 2016 8,947 CSRA Lands $114M Task Order to Help Secure Pentagon’s IT Networks October 20, 2016 3,435 Huntington Ingalls to Buy Camber for $380M to Add IT, Govt Services Market Footprints November 2, 2016 3,279 IBM to Build Army Private Cloud Facility Under $62M Task Order October 17, 2016 2,577 L-3 Signals More Acquisitions This Year, CACI & Raytheon Pivot to Organic Growth Focus October 28, 2016 2,342 Jose: I believe Gregory Reyes is the right person for the job. he's got 28 years of pr... Fred Sullivan: Some Russian said that "Quantity has a quality of it's own." He was referring to... Michael Deal: A hundred fighter/attack aircraft to defend a continent and the adjoining sea la... Ravi Sharma: It is news of great pleasure ICF get hold of Digital IT Consulting Firm CITYTECH... Michael Deal: The acquisition and possible integration of a foreign subsidiary that uses cloud... featured govcon Executive Mosaic Lockheed Martin ExecutiveBiz Contract Awards business news Financial News Defense Department government contracting Northrop Grumman Executive moves Raytheon Contract Award Boeing nyse news financial report General Dynamics SAIC GovCon Index U.S. Air Force press release DOD U.S. Navy Defense Contracting Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor About GovConWire Government Contracting News Wire - GovConWire - The premier source of breaking business news for the government contracting industry, GovCon Wire provides informative, to-the-point stories of the most significant contract awards, top-level executive moves, M&A activities and financial results of the sector’s most notable players. GovCon Wire is always on top of the most recent contracting sector activity and is updated in real time as the news breaks. ExecutiveBiz AECOM Appoints LaMont Wells an EVP for Mgmt Services Group; John Vollmer Comments Raytheon to Provide Aerial Decoy Jammers to USAF Under $76M Contract Option BAE to Provide Post-Delivery Services for Navy Zumwalt-Class Destroyers Under $193M IDIQ ﻿﻿NTT Data Acquires Dell Services for $3.05B; Tim Conway Comments SAIC Appoints Charles Mathis as EVP, CFO; Tony Moraco Comments Amazon Web Services’ Teresa Carlson Receives 2016 Greater Washington GovCon Executive of the Year Award @Follow Me #GovConIndex post-election streak of gains ends at 4 w/ 1% decline. $HII $CACI $NOC $RTN $EGL $SAIC $VEC #GovCon https://t.co/vXztwjgCJR3 hours ago DigitalGlobe Deploys Lockheed-Made WorldView-4 Imaging Satellite; Rick Ambrose Comments https://t.co/VyOk4SpqYA #AtlasV #DGI6 hours ago AT&T, NASA Partner to Study UAS Traffic Management Methods; Mike Leff Comments https://t.co/SZxr313K3B #AT&amp;T #drone6 hours ago Part of Executive Mosaic Network © Copyright 2016, All Rights Reserved Subscribe to our Newsletter I will subscribe laterSubscribe Now
× Get WND's mobile app for free. Simply tap the button below, and choose "Add to Home Screen" The mobile shortcut will then be added as an icon on your home screen. Press your menu button and find the option to bookmark this page (a star icon for some browsers). Then choose the option to add this bookmark to your home screen. Front Page Login   | Create Account Logout  |   Profile   |  Subscribe Follow Login New Account Logout Profile Frontpage Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education WND TV WND TV Exclusive The Underground IT'S SUPERNATURAL! with Sid Roth The Glazov Gang Focus on Israel with Laurie Cardoza-Moore Survival Tips with Manny Edwards The Watchers Just The Facts with Richard Rives The Heavens Declare with David Rives Opinion Commentary Email to the Editor Cartoons Commentator Lineup Money Market Overview Sectors Stocks Mutual Funds & ETF's Currencies Diversions TV Guide MovieGuide Reviews Joke of the Day Superstore Books Video Magazines Desktop & Journals Home Bath & Body Accessories & Jewelry Health Preparedness Christmas Patriotic Homeschool Games & Puzzles Gift Wrap Donations ON WALL STREET Stocks rise amid corporate news deluge 'As oil came off, the market lost some of its steam' Published: 10/24/2016 at 4:05 PM (CNBC) — U.S. equities closed higher on Monday amid a plethora of corporate news, but gains were subdued by a rising dollar and falling oil prices. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 129.33 points at session highs holding about 80 points higher, with 3M and Boeing contributing the most gains. The S&P 500 rose 0.47 percent, with information technology rising 1 percent to lead advancers. The Nasdaq composite outperformed, gaining around 1 percent. “As oil came off, the market lost some of its steam,” said Daniel Deming, managing director at KKM Financial. “The market is getting perspective after the big merger news, with oil falling and the dollar further appreciating.” Read the full story › Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print Note: Read our discussion guidelines before commenting. Trial / Monthly / ANNUAL Subscribe / Gift / Renew sections WND TV Commentary Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education Money Diversions features American Minute Cartoons Reviews Email to the Editor Petitions Joke of the Day resources About WND Advertising Commentator Lineup Donate to WND News Alerts G2 Bulletin WND Superstore WND Books Whistleblower column WND Weekly Who Reads Us Who's Who at WND WND History WND Scoops Mobile WND Contact WND Advertising Inquiries Corrections Email to the Editor News Tips Testimonials Questions © Copyright 1997-2016. All Rights Reserved. WND.com. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Desktop Site Mobile Site
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Leadership > Companies & Executives > Praxair, GE Aviation Form Venture to Produce Jet Engine Coatings Praxair, GE Aviation Form Venture to Produce Jet Engine Coatings Oct 24, 2016 Robert Brooks | American Machinist EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Recently GE Aviation completed the initial ground testing of the first full GE9X development engine, which it describes as “the world's largest commercial aircraft engine.” It’s destined to power Boeing's forthcoming 777X wide-body aircraft. Certification testing for the GE9X program will begin in 2017, followed by flight-testing on a flying test bed. Engine certification is expected in 2018. Advertisement GE Aviation (General Electric IW500/6) is forming a joint venture with Praxair Surface Technologies Inc. to develop and produce specialty coatings for current and future turbofan jet engines developed by GE and its joint-venture subsidiary, CFM International. Pierre Lüthi, president of Praxair, promised that PG Technologies LLC (as the joint venture is named) would “take the leadership role in the next generation of coating technology applications, and will invest in new coating production capacity to meet the needs of the burgeoning aviation sector.” The coatings will be custom-developed for the current and future LEAP engines, a CFM International engine produced by GE Aviation for the Airbus A320neo and 737 MAX aircraft; and the GE9X engine, which recently completed its first ground tests. It is destined to power the Boeing 777 wide-body jets. Related Billions and Billions in New Orders for Aerospace Industry GE9X Project Expanding the Limits for Engine Testing GE Aviation is managing a multi-year backlog of engine orders related to the production requirements of Airbus and Boeing, in particular for the narrow-body A320 and 737 programs. Read More American Machinist is an IndustryWeek companion site within Penton's Manufacturing & Supply Chain Group. View Original Article Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Advertisement Related Articles GE Aviation Starts Testing 'Future' Turbine Engine GE Aviation Building Advanced Ceramic Materials Plants GE Aviation, Pratt & Whitney Win $1B R&D Contracts from USAF GE Aviation Expands MRO with Southwest Airlines Raytheon, Finmeccanica to Bid for USAF Training Jet Program Leadership Category Sponsored by Plex The Plex Manufacturing Cloud automates the plant floor and informs the top floor. See why Forrester named Plex Systems as the 2016 breakout SaaS ERP vendor. Learn why THE LATEST Can Social Media Improve Profitability of Your Manufacturing Operations? 8% Growth Predicted for Automated Material Handling Cummins Powers Ahead on Investors' Positive Thinking: Commentary Wages Rising at Fastest Pace in Nearly Eight Years A $900 Billion Oil Treasure Lies Beneath West Texas Desert Ford CEO Warns of Big Impact From Trump’s Proposed 35% Tariff More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week Nov 8, 2016 Exclusive IndustryWeek Michelin's David Stafford: Every Conversation Begins with People Michelin North America's David Stafford discusses his cross-discipline career path from engineer to human resources leadership, and his "people first" approach....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek Trump is Right on Trade, But He Doesn’t Know Why More 'Must Have' Metrics to Drive Continuous Improvement Why Mission and Vision Statements Seldom Drive Discussion -- and Why That Should Change Safety and Quality: 'Must Have' Metrics for Continuous Improvement Who is Killing American Manufacturing? IW Webinars The Benefits of 3D Printing for Your Business Shift your Labor Strategy to Attract and Engage Top Talent The Future of Making Things: Using Advanced Technologies to Increase Innovation The Cycle of Trust and Accountability Unlocking SMB Potential with Exporting View All Hot Topics IoT Emerge 2016 Manufacturing Day 2016 The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers Modernizing Metals Management Four Use Cases Show Real-World Impact of IoT Connected Mine Best of Rockwell Automation TechED 2016 Building a Mobile Centre of Excellence: Where to Start and How to Succeed More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton
null
Skip to main content The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results AMA Print Edition Radio Masters of Business Search form Search Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results AMA Print Edition Radio Masters of Business . While you were sleeping: Sentiment lifts Wall St Margreet Dietz Tuesday October 25, 2016 Share Play NBR radio on Wall Street gained on optimism about the outlook for corporate earnings, and a fresh wave of merger activity including AT&T's agreement to buy Time Warner also bolstered sentiment. In 2.26pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 0.4%, while the Nasdaq Composite Index climbed 0.9%. In 2.11pm trading, the Standard & Poor's 500 Index gained 0.4%. "It's been a pretty good quarter for earnings so far and we might finally see the end of earnings recession," Randy Frederick, managing director of trading and derivatives for Charles Schwab in Austin, Texas, told Reuters. "If you look at the companies that have reported so far, most of them have outperformed the long-term average in profit and revenue," MrFrederick noted. The Dow rose as gains in shares of Microsoft and those of Boeing, recently trading 2% and 1.6% higher respectively, outweighed slides in shares of Chevron and those of Merck, recently down 1% and 0.7% respectively. Shares of AT&T traded 1.8% lower after the company said it agreed to Time Warner in a deal worth US$85.4 billion. Shares of Time Warner last traded 2.5% lower at $US87.27, compared with AT&T's $US107.50 a share's offer. Investors "expect bad things to happen in Washington," Roger Entner, an analyst with Recon Analytics, told Bloomberg. "Investors are sceptical of the deal being consummated." Shares of Restaurant Brands International dropped after the owner of Burger King and Tim Hortons posted disappointing quarterly results, underpinning signs of weakness in the fast-food industry. Burger King's same-store sales rose 1.7% in the quarter while Tim Hortons' comparable sales increased 2%, the company said in a statement. Both were short of analysts' expectations and a slowdown from the year-earlier quarter. Shares of Restaurant Brands International traded 4.2% lower as of 1.18pm in New York. In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index ended the day at 344.26, a little lower from the previous close. The UK's FTSE 100 Index fell 0.5%. France's CAC 40 Index gained 0.4%, while Germany's DAX Index rose 0.5%. Syngenta shares slid on concern that China National Chemical Corp's $US43 billion takeover of the Swiss company risks regulatory delays in the European Union, Bloomberg reported. ChemChina didn't submit so-called remedies in the EU's early-stage review of the deal by the October 21 deadline, leaving the bloc until October 28 to decide whether to approve the deal without any strings attached or open an extended "phase two" probe that could add at least another four months to a decision, according to Bloomberg. Syngenta shares closed 5.8% lower in Zurich. (BusinessDesk) Got a question about this story? Leave it in Comments & Questions below. This article is tagged with the following keywords. Find out more about MyNBR Tags while you were sleeping Comments & Questions Commenter icon key: Subscriber Verified Post New comment or question Your name Comment * More information about text formats Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. Home page NZ Market Snapshot Forex Sym Price Change USD 0.7090 -0.0037 -0.52% AUD 0.9392 -0.0029 -0.31% EUR 0.6608 -0.0026 -0.39% GBP 0.5695 -0.0001 -0.02% HKD 5.4989 -0.0299 -0.54% JPY 77.3690 0.2540 0.33% Commods Commodity Price Change Time Gold Index 1228.4 5.020 2016-11-15T00: Oil Brent 48.0 3.550 2016-11-15T00: Oil Nymex 46.4 3.090 2016-11-15T00: Silver Index 17.0 0.150 2016-11-15T00: Indices Symbol Open High Last % NZX 50 6770.4 6811.3 6770.4 0.56% NASDAQ 5241.4 5287.1 5218.4 1.10% DAX 10720.9 10748.3 10693.7 0.39% DJI 18858.2 18925.3 18868.7 0.29% FTSE 6753.2 6820.5 6753.2 0.59% HKSE 22270.9 22411.1 22222.2 0.46% NI225 17690.2 17727.6 17672.6 -0.03% ASX 5326.2 5346.7 5326.2 0.17% Most Popular Read Quake day three: building collapse watch in Wellington, visiting warships divert to Kaikoura IoD's chief executive quits abruptly NZOG shares jump to 20-month high on Kupe sale, floats partnership for Shell assets NZ small depositors won’t be forced to take a haircut if banks fail Shaken but not stirred: Sir Bob surveys Wellington CBD damage Commented Statistics NZ Wellington building off-limits after floor pancaked in quake Aucklanders detest new city slogan; want Ateed's wings clipped Liquidators stir bad blood at Mad Butcher Quake day three: building collapse watch in Wellington, visiting warships divert to Kaikoura New Zealand, Israel close to signing bilateral innovation agreement, summit told Most listened to What's the story behind the story? Our special feature audio offers a mix of comment from journalists, experts and panel discussions. Professor Anat Admati on bank deposit insurance and making banks safer In Editor's Insight, Nevil Gibson analyses why the bond market has collapsed and growth is going up John Bowie on grievances between Dame Lowell Goddard and the British government John Key says road and rail links were built a long time ago when less was known about seismic risks 'All of this carry-on about reclaimed land' in earthquake-hit Wellington is 'nonsense' – Sir Bob Jones Only available on Previous article NZ dollar falls as ECB comments help lift greenback Next article Air NZ shares boosted by record tourism figures, London presentation Features NBR Rich List Full results and analysis of the 2016 NBR Rich List People Scene Catching people out and about Appointments People in business NBR Special Report Our reporters examine what’s happening in industry sectors The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in Share Copyright Notice Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions RSS feeds Share width="1" height="1" alt="" /> While you were sleeping: Sentiment lifts Wall St
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 1:13pm Wed 16 November Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Tennis Rugby Golf Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Netball Live Scores Basketball Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Sentiment lifts Wall Street overnight By Margreet Dietz 8:09 AM Tuesday Oct 25, 2016 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Markets New York Stock Exchange Trader Patrick McKeon, centre, works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. Photo / AP Wall Street gained on optimism about the outlook for corporate earnings, and a fresh wave of merger activity including AT&T's agreement to buy Time Warner also bolstered sentiment. In 2.26pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 0.4 per cent, while the Nasdaq Composite Index climbed 0.9 per cent. In 2.11pm trading, the Standard & Poor's 500 Index gained 0.4 per cent. "It's been a pretty good quarter for earnings so far and we might finally see the end of earnings recession," Randy Frederick, managing director of trading and derivatives for Charles Schwab in Austin, Texas, told Reuters. "If you look at the companies that have reported so far, most of them have outperformed the long-term average in profit and revenue," Frederick noted. The Dow rose as gains in shares of Microsoft and those of Boeing, recently trading 2 per cent and 1.6 per cent higher respectively, outweighed slides in shares of Chevron and those of Merck, recently down 1 per cent and 0.7 pe rcent respectively. Shares of AT&T traded 1.8 per cent lower after the company said it agreed to Time Warner in a deal worth US$85.4 billion. Shares of Time Warner last traded 2.5 per cent lower at US$87.27, compared with AT&T's US$107.50 a share's offer. Investors "expect bad things to happen in Washington," Roger Entner, an analyst with Recon Analytics, told Bloomberg. "Investors are sceptical of the deal being consummated." Shares of Restaurant Brands International dropped after the owner of Burger King and Tim Hortons posted disappointing quarterly results, underpinning signs of weakness in the fast-food industry. Continued below. Related Content Fake divorce is path to riches buying hot China real estate Revenge of the nerds: Apple vs Microsoft Audrey Young: Opposition refuses to accept McCully has won Burger King's same-store sales rose 1.7 per cent in the quarter, while Tim Hortons' comparable sales increased 2 per cent, the company said in a statement. Both were short of analysts' expectations and a slowdown from the year-earlier quarter. Shares of Restaurant Brands International traded 4.2 per cent lower as of 1.18pm in New York. In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index ended the day at 344.26, a little lower from the previous close. The UK's FTSE 100 Index fell 0.5 per cent. France's CAC 40 Index gained 0.4 per cent, while Germany's DAX Index rose 0.5 per cent. Syngenta shares slid on concern that China National Chemical Corp's US$43 billion takeover of the Swiss company risks regulatory delays in the European Union, Bloomberg reported. ChemChina didn't submit so-called remedies in the EU's early-stage review of the deal by the October 21 deadline, leaving the bloc until October 28 to decide whether to approve the deal without any strings attached or open an extended "phase two" probe that could add at least another four months to a decision, according to Bloomberg. Syngenta shares closed 5.8 per cent lower in Zurich. - BusinessDesk By Margreet Dietz Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate La Diosa on fire at Riccarton It was a confident plan, and with that optimism shared by the punters on a day when a… Hawke's Bay Today Thumping-good aquifer insights John McKendry couldn't help himself when he heard of the problems with the Havelock North… Bay of Plenty Times Letters: Text alerts of no use Like many locals I turn my mobile off at night so the Civil Defence texts are of no use… Our Features' Top Stories Driven 0 - 100: Hop in and take off...really fast 0 to 100 real quick... Viva NZ Music Awards: Matilda Rice gets red-carpet ready Go behind-the-scenes with Matilda Rice to see her chosen beauty look for the VNZMAs… True Commercial East Coast Bays RSA building on market The long-time home of the East Coast Bays RSA — a two-storey property at 13-15 Bute Rd… More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2016, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production apcf04 at 16 Nov 2016 13:13:44 Processing Time: 800ms
Contact Newsagent Login Scoop Search MARKETS Sharemarket Finance Company Results Real Estate SOEs ECONOMY Economy Reserve Bank Confidence Commerce Industrial Relations Employers Employment Statistics Taxation Trade Agreements Treasury INDUSTRY Agriculture Horticulture Fisheries Forestry Manufacturing Telecommunications Computing & Internet Media Retail Liquor Transport Tourism ENERGY Oil Coal Alternative Energy Electricity Gas Energy Policy Scoop Homepage | BizSciTech Homepage | Business Headlines | Business Most Read | Sci-Tech Headlines | Sci-Tech Most Read Powered by scoop.co.nz Tweet While you were sleeping: Sentiment lifts Wall St 7:48 October 25, 2016ArticleComments Off on While you were sleeping: Sentiment lifts Wall St Article – BusinessDesk Oct. 25 (BusinessDesk) – Wall Street gained on optimism about the outlook for corporate earnings, and a fresh wave of merger activity including AT&Ts agreement to buy Time Warner also bolstered sentiment. While you were sleeping: Sentiment lifts Wall St Oct. 25 (BusinessDesk) – Wall Street gained on optimism about the outlook for corporate earnings, and a fresh wave of merger activity including AT&T’s agreement to buy Time Warner also bolstered sentiment. In 2.26pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 0.4 percent, while the Nasdaq Composite Index climbed 0.9 percent. In 2.11pm trading, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index gained 0.4 percent. “It’s been a pretty good quarter for earnings so far and we might finally see the end of earnings recession,” Randy Frederick, managing director of trading and derivatives for Charles Schwab in Austin, Texas, told Reuters. “If you look at the companies that have reported so far, most of them have outperformed the long-term average in profit and revenue,” Frederick noted. The Dow rose as gains in shares of Microsoft and those of Boeing, recently trading 2 percent and 1.6 percent higher respectively, outweighed slides in shares of Chevron and those of Merck, recently down 1 percent and 0.7 percent respectively. Shares of AT&T traded 1.8 percent lower after the company said it agreed to Time Warner in a deal worth US$85.4 billion. Shares of Time Warner last traded 2.5 percent lower at US$87.27, compared with AT&T’s US$107.50 a share’s offer. Investors “expect bad things to happen in Washington,” Roger Entner, an analyst with Recon Analytics, told Bloomberg. “Investors are sceptical of the deal being consummated.” Shares of Restaurant Brands International dropped after the owner of Burger King and Tim Hortons posted disappointing quarterly results, underpinning signs of weakness in the fast-food industry. Burger King’s same-store sales rose 1.7 percent in the quarter, while Tim Hortons’ comparable sales increased 2 percent, the company said in a statement. Both were short of analysts’ expectations and a slowdown from the year-earlier quarter. Shares of Restaurant Brands International traded 4.2 percent lower as of 1.18pm in New York. In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index ended the day at 344.26, a little lower from the previous close. The UK’s FTSE 100 Index fell 0.5 percent. France’s CAC 40 Index gained 0.4 percent, while Germany’s DAX Index rose 0.5 percent. Syngenta shares slid on concern that China National Chemical Corp’s US$43 billion takeover of the Swiss company risks regulatory delays in the European Union, Bloomberg reported. ChemChina didn’t submit so-called remedies in the EU’s early-stage review of the deal by the October 21 deadline, leaving the bloc until October 28 to decide whether to approve the deal without any strings attached or open an extended “phase two” probe that could add at least another four months to a decision, according to Bloomberg Syngenta shares closed 5.8 percent lower in Zurich. (BusinessDesk) Content Sourced from scoop.co.nz Original url  Print This Post Tweet     Blogroll China Economic Scan Compare house prices Deposit Rates Direct Broking – NZX & ASX Trading & Prices Findata – Market Data Good Returns Herald Business Interest.co.nz – Interest Rates News & Views National Business Review Property Talk Sharechat Stuff Business Value Cruncher – NZX Latest Business news Peter Yealands Recognised with Lifetime Achievement Award ATEED Head “Living the Life of Riley” Tuatara stoush demonstrates court of public opinion rules Survey finds little impact on business from OECD tax plan NZ dollar falls as US data lifts greenback 2016 iSANZ Awards winners announced Air New Zealand Airband™ Innovation of the Year Mastercard recommends simple steps to protect against fraud TPP Act Sends Important Signal – Business Leaders NZ dollar gains as US bond rally runs out of puff in Asia ASB Bank profit jumps 12% in September quarter Takeovers Panel sees no code breach by Hellaby Franchise winners recognised as best in business Evening traffic update for SH2 Wellington – 15 Nov 7.45pm FINAL UPDATE: 7.55PM 15 Nov 2016 Text Links Recent Comments Lan: Unbelievable that a WEST AUSTR... jackp: Murray, when Key is involved t... Murray Guy: There are no boundaries when i... Lan: Canada & EU do it..Bryce ... Lan: I read somewhere that they do ... Simon Johnson: The former Department of Labou... Andrew P Nichols: Long overdue. Nowhere else in ... Rafi: I look forward to Mr Lees-Gall... Kevin McMahon: Yes, good on Lord Monckton. ... Bee: How do you think Kim Jon Key m... Categories Article Column Opinion PressRelease Uncategorized Monthly Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 November 1999 Feeds RSS Posts RSS Comments Scoop Business © 2016 | Powered by Scoop Media | Terms of Use
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad U.S., European stocks gain; oil briefly slips below $50 By Reuters Published: 15:13 EST, 24 October 2016 | Updated: 15:14 EST, 24 October 2016 e-mail By Hilary Russ NEW YORK, Oct 24 (Reuters) - Stock markets rose on Monday, with Wall Street touching a two-week high on several big deals and Europe led by a surge in Spain's IBEX index, while oil prices fell as much as 2 percent on news of the impending restart of Britain's Buzzard oilfield. Merger and acquisition activity spurred Wall Street, headed by Saturday's announcement by telecommunications company AT&T Inc that it plans to buy Time Warner Inc for $85.4 billion in what would be the biggest deal in the world this year if approved by regulators. "The deal activity suggests that companies are feeling positive about the prospects of the economy and that is encouraging," said Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at First Standard Financial. Strong quarterly earnings also boosted investor confidence. Third-quarter earnings are expected to increase 1.1 percent after four consecutive quarters of contraction, according to Thomson Reuters data. More than a third of the S&P 500 components are scheduled to report earnings this week, including heavyweights such as Apple and Boeing. Oil started lower after Iraq said it wanted to be exempt from an Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries deal to cut production. Prices fell further, as much as 2 percent, before recovering slightly on news that the North Sea field will restart on Tuesday or Wednesday. U.S. crude had slid below $50 per barrel, which triggered technical selling. Brent was down 23 cents, or 0.44 percent, at $51.55 a barrel by 2:30 p.m. EDT (1830 GMT). U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude settled 33 cents lower at $50.52 after hitting a session low at $49.62 - the first time since Oct. 18 that WTI had traded below $50. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 84.13 points, or 0.46 percent, to 18,229.84, the S&P 500 gained 10.05 points, or 0.47 percent, to 2,151.21 and the Nasdaq Composite added 47.84 points, or 0.91 percent, to 5,305.24. AT&T and Time Warner extended losses, down 1.85 percent and 2.64 percent, respectively. Wall Street signaled skepticism that AT&T would secure the government approvals needed to carry out its acquisition. TD Ameritrade said it would buy privately held Scottrade Financial Services in a deal valued at $4 billion. And little-known China Oceanwide Holdings Group pledged $3.8 billion in a deal to take control of U.S. insurer Genworth Financial. Spain's IBEX index led gains in Europe on signs that 10 months of political deadlock could end. The impasse has paralyzed government in one of the countries worst-hit by the euro zone's debt crisis. Conservative leader Mariano Rajoy was on course to secure a second term in power for his People's Party after the Socialists agreed to abstain in a confidence vote this week. "In the very short term, the formation of a government is good news for Spanish spreads," Rabobank analysts said in a morning note. "However, in the medium term Spain will still be left with a minority government that is likely to face an uphill struggle to pass any legislation." The IBEX was up 1.27 percent, outstripping its German and French equivalents, which closed 0.47 percent and 0.36 percent higher, respectively. U.S. Treasury yields lurched higher, in line with a rise in global bond yields, with traders seeing little action ahead of next week's Federal Open Market Committee meeting. Yields on benchmark German Bunds rallied from three-week lows, while UK bonds rose from one-week troughs. The U.S. dollar hovered near a roughly nine-month high against a basket of major currencies and touched a one-week high against the yen on growing expectations of a Federal Reserve interest rate increase in December. (Additional reporting by Patrick Graham in London; Tanya Agrawal in Bengaluru; Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss, Ethan Lou and Sam Forgione in New York; Editing by Nick Zieminski) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Clinton and a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame Looked stunning  'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Is this Larry Page's secret flying car? First images emerge of radical electric vehicle that can take off and land vertically - and even hover Zee.Aero is testing its craft in Hollister at a secret base Small, all-electric plane can take off and land vertically One of two private investments Page believed to have made in flying cars By Mark Prigg For Dailymail.com Published: 14:19 EST, 24 October 2016 | Updated: 14:37 EST, 24 October 2016 e-mail 192 shares 6 View comments While he may be better known as a self driving car enthusiast, a new video has given a glimpse of Google co-founder Larry Page's secretive self flying car project. Earlier this year it was revealed Page appeared to be privately investing in two separate flying car firms, providing them with $100m. Now, of of the prototype craft has been spotted at a remote airfield in California - and locals say they have even seen it hovering above the ground.   Scroll down for video  The zee.aero prototype has been spotted at the firm's secretive test lab in Hollister, and was spotted because of its strange shape and ability to hover. According to Bloomberg Businessweek, he has personally provided £70 million ($100 million) to two startups developing the technology, and now one of the first prototypes has been spotted. He has reportedly been funding Zee.Aero and Kitty Hawk, two rival companies based in California's Silicon Valley. Zee.Aero was set up in 2010, working on a small, all-electric plane that could take off and land vertically – essentially a flying car. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 2 Next The beating 'heart-on-a-chip': Miniature 3D printed organ... Nasa is working on aircraft with wings that FOLD while... Apple will unveil THREE new MacBooks on October 27th: Event... The first image of Earth ever taken from space:... Has Apple forgotten the iPod? Revolutionary device turns... Share this article Share 192 shares A patent from 2011 emerged earlier this year showing its designs for a flying car, and Bloomberg reported it is now pursuing a 'simpler, more conventional-looking design.' Now, it has relocated to Hollister - and its new design has been spotted by locals. The attention grabbing plane has a high pitched, electric whine, they say. Video courtesy: Mercury News  'It sounded like an electric motor running, just a high-pitched whine,' Steve Eggleston, assistant manager at an airplane-parts company with offices bordering the Hollister Municipal Airport tarmac, told Bay Area News. It has also been spotted hovering by saleswoman Brittany Rodriguez thought to herself.  During both Zee.Aero flights witnessed by DK Turbines staff from several hundred yards away in September and October, the aircraft hovered about 25 feet off the ground, and landed rapidly, straight down, according to the witnesses. Google's company's co-founder, Larry Page appears to be secretly investing in flying cars. According to Bloomberg Businessweek , Page has personally provided £70 million ($100 million) to two startups developing the technology. In May, the cityapproved a 34-year lease with Zee.Aero for just under an acre of land near the intersection of the municipal airport's two landing strips.  It plans  to build a 14,000-square-foot hangar and office building, plus nearly 10,000 square feet of employee parking and 16,000 square feet of paved area for aircraft parking and movement. Zee.Aero have kept their designs very much under wraps, with the only information on their website stating: 'We're designing, building, and testing better ways to get from A to B.'  However, it has been reported that Zee.Aero has hired aerospace designers and engineers from Nasa, Boeing, and SpaceX, and has been testing two single-seater prototype designs - one that looks like a 'small conventional plane' and another with propellers along the sides. Zee.Aero have kept their designs very much under wraps, with the only information on their website stating: 'We're designing, building, and testing better ways to get from A to B.' One of the patents depicts a car-sized aircraft, wings at the nose and tail, and along the top eight propellers, driven by eight motors, for vertical lift.  Two other propellers on the rear wing would provide forward thrust.  Zee.Aero was set up in 2010, working on a small, all-electric plane that could take off and land vertically – essentially a flying car. Pictured is a Zee.Aero patent from 2011 THE FLYING CAR COMPANIES Zee.Aero was set up in 2010, working on a small, all-electric plane that could take off and land vertically – essentially a flying car.  While there was much speculation that the company was affiliated to Google, as their headquarters were next door, Zee.Aero fiercely denied the claims. However, it has since been revealed that Zee.Aero belongs to Larry Page, Google's co-founder.  Zee.Aero now employs close to 150 people. Its operations have expanded to an airport hangar in Hollister, where a pair of prototype aircraft takes regular test flights. In 2015 a second competing flying-car startup called Kitty Hawk, also began operations in its headquarters very near Google's.  Despite the apparent rivalry, Bloomburg have reported that Mr Page, has in fact been putting money into both Zee.Aero and Kitty Hawk. Last week, an aircraft was spotted being towed down the runway on two consecutive days, although no hovering or flying was observed by witnesses. Dual propellers in the rear fit with the description and drawings from the patent, but the aircraft appeared to have a single main wing, with pod-like structures beneath it, rather than the smaller wings at the front and rear shown in the drawings.   Job ads on the firm's sight also confirm it is sticking with propellors, saying 'The aerodynamics group is responsible for supporting airframe design, propeller design, performance and stability analysis, handling qualities analysis and flight testing.'  In a May letter to the U.S. Department of Transportation, the firm said it was building 'an entirely new aircraft that will change personal aviation.' A Zee.Aero spokeswoman said the firm is 'currently not discussing (its) plans publicly.'  In May, the city of Hollister approved a 34-year lease with Zee.Aero for just under an acre of land near the intersection of the municipal airport's two landing strips. According to city documents, the company plans to build a 14,000-square-foot hangar and office building, plus nearly 10,000 square feet of employee parking and 16,000 square feet of paved area for aircraft parking and movement. Page has reportedly been funding Zee.Aero and Kitty Hawk, two rival companies based in California's Silicon Valley. Mr Page has demanded that his involvement stay hidden from the public, according to 10 people with intimate knowledge of the company.  According to Bloomberg Businessweek , Google co-founder, Larry Page, has been personally funding two startup companies who are developing flying cars In 2015 a second competing flying-car startup called Kitty Hawk, also began operations in its headquarters close to Google's. According to business filings, Kitty Hawk's president is Sebastian Thrun, th­e head of Google's self-driving car programme and the founder of research division, Google X. Despite the apparent rivalry between the companies, Bloomberg has reported that Page, has in fact been putting money into both Zee.Aero and Kitty Hawk. Mr Page and Google declined to speak about Zee.Aero or Kitty Hawk, as did Mr Thrun.  Other companies working on flying cars include Terrafugia. Their TF-X concept car (illustrated) has fold-out wings with twin electric motors attached to each end Bloomberg say that Mr Page's interest in the companies is a personal ambition and he even retained a 'man-cave' at one of the company's headquarters, where he was only referred to as 'GUS' - standing for 'the guy upstairs'. While it is known that both Zee.Aero and Kitty Hawk have been working on designs for flying cars, the details of their designs are unclear.   Other companies, such as Aeromobil have also been trying to build a flying car Fans of Harry Potter will remember the blue flying car which Harry and Ron use to reach Hogwarts - which was of course, fueled by magic. But flying cars that run in our real world could be closer than you think Other companies, such as Terrafugia have also been trying to build a flying car, but have given suggested launch dates of 10 years from now in 2026.  However, technology is ever improving, and with access to better materials and autonomous navigation systems, it is thought that within the next few years we will have a self-flying car that takes off and lands vertically.  Speaking to Bloomberg, Mark Moore, an aeronautical engineer from Nasa, said: 'Over the past five years, there have been these tremendous advances in the underlying technology.  'What appears in the next 5 to 10 years will be incredible.'   Read more: Welcome to Larry Page’s Secret Flying Car Factories - Bloomberg Google co-founder’s reported ‘flying car’ spotted hovering in Hollister Google co-founder's reported 'flying car' spotted hovering in Hollister Share or comment on this article e-mail 192 shares Most watched News videos Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Man discovers wife is cheating on him following her with drone Chili's manager snatches veteran's free meal after complaint Ivanka Trump gives glimpse of her father's $100m penthouse Obama on Trump: This office has a way of waking you up 100 special police agents protect suspected paedophile from mob Killer wife and lover speak out over fatal love triangle Obama's dig at Clinton over her ground game failures SNL mocks confident Clinton supporters with Dave Chappelle Protestor at an anti-Trump rally at Ohio State gets slammed Emotional Chelsea Handler fights back tears over election results Dashcam footage captures moment van swerves before crashing 'Reality has a way of asserting itself!' Condescending Obama... EXCLUSIVE: Blow up! Days before losing the election Hillary... Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he... Supermoon 2016: Stunning photographs show incredible sights... Man with the Midas touch: Inside the President-elect's $100... 'Watch carefully, you can see 18 years go down the drain':... Man accused of raping and killing a 4-year-old girl is... West Virginia officials under fire for racist Facebook post... Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer... EXCLUSIVE: Woman, 53, jailed for killing her cheating... The mansion that Coke built: Haunting photos show how home... 'I'm going out in style': Russian boy and girl, both 15,... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Meet 'Baby Boom': Richard Branson-backed mini-concorde that can fly from London to New York in 3.5 hours is... Humans will NOT survive another 1,000 years on Earth, says Stephen Hawking: Physicist warns we must 'escape... Mysterious 'megafast electrons' are accelerated to the speed of light just outside Earth's magnetic field -... The £6bn aircraft carriers we can't plug in! Old cables could leave ships without power, warns shock study... Watch the US Army's real-life PHASER GUN in action: Weapon can knock out a swarm of drones, cars and even... Could YOU survive the suicide circle? Math puzzle solved by Jewish soldier to avoid death at the hands of... The fuel-free EmDrive 'is NOT impossible', leading experts admit - but say they are baffled by how it... Does teenage BLOOD hold the key to the fountain of youth? Plasma from human teens found to have anti-aging... Google and Facebook to crack down on fake news sites making money from their online ad systems How do you spot a space killer? CSI experts reveal spotting crimes on other planets could be even tougher Apple's latest launch: $300 coffee table book dedicated to Steve Jobs reveals 20 years of designs from the... Never get in the wrong car again! Lyft launches personalised colour beacons in bid to take on Uber Tinder gets transgender-friendly: Dating app rolls out 37 new gender identity options in massive update The 'invisible' Milky Way: Interactive map lets you explore our galaxy with superhuman vision Will virtual reality headsets alter children's BRAINS? Doctors say more research needs to be done on the... MORE HEADLINES Could YOU survive the suicide circle? Math puzzle solved by Jewish soldier to avoid death at the hands of Roman soldiers explained Will YOU see the supermoon tonight? Interactive map reveals which areas will have the best view Meet 'Baby Boom': Richard Branson-backed mini-concorde that can fly from London to New York in 3.5 hours is unveiled Is YOUR phone safe? 700 million Android handsets may be secretly sending users' texts to China every 72 hours Did voter's 'embarrassment, shame and fear' over backing Donald Trump explain why polls were so wrong? Humans will NOT survive another 1,000 years on Earth, says Stephen Hawking: Physicist warns we must 'escape beyond our fragile planet' The 'Stone Age Atlantis': Stunning video reveals the 9,000-year-old settlement found submerged under the sea off Sweden The end of silicon? IBM is creating 'carbon chips' that can make computers 1,000 times faster The formula for a PERFECT cup of coffee: Mathematician reveals the best way to make a brew Silicon Valley issues plea to Donald Trump to support strong encryption and let them hire more foreign workers Why baby talk is GOOD for children: Speaking 'motherese' helps them develop language skills much faster iPhone 8 to get a size boost: Radical redesign set to boast new 5 and 5.8inch edge to edge curved screens Mysterious 'megafast electrons' are accelerated to the speed of light just outside Earth's magnetic field - and scientists say strange discovery could change particle physics forever Sex with robots will be 'mind blowing': Expert says androids could one day improve your skills in the bedroom U.S. will become a 'rogue country' if Donald Trump dumps Paris climate accord,  former Irish President Mary Robinson warns MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today Not such a scruffy-looking Nerf Herder after all! Carrie Fisher opens up about  her 'wine-sodden' affair with Harrison Ford on set of Star Wars Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together Sexy for Scott! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she continues to enjoy getaway with Disick  Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Looked like she had plenty on her mind Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Looked as calm and collected as can be  'You have to practice your cosmetics routine as much as your dance routine': NFL cheerleader reveals her beauty regimen Sponsored Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Says she is serious  Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Clinton and a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame Singer looked stunning in Los Angeles  'I've never felt this pain before': Below Deck's Nico Scholly mourns death of his 21-year-old brother Tristen Bravo reality star shared heart-breaking tweets Meghan Markle 'wants a future with Prince Harry and is ready to give it all up to make their relationship work'  The actress is currently starring in Suits Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Spy Kids movies star From peacoats to parkas, the outerwear fashions you will see everywhere this winter - and where you can find them Sponsored Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Spotted leaving Fig & Olive Kim Zolciak suggests husband Kroy Biermann as a co-host for Kelly Ripa on the morning show Live! With Kelly Is she trying to find the free agent a job? Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Left show tragically  'Someone asked me who the hunk on my screensaver is. It's JOE BIDEN': Internet users go gaga after snapshots of a young Vice President flood social media How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Declared he was heterosexual  Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY middle in latest waist-training selfie Said it was 'disturbing' FEMAIL rounds up holiday make-up inspiration to steal from the star-studded and gorgeous Glamour Women of the Year Awards red carpet  Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Model hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during getaway Super Bowl MVP and Johnny Manziel's best friend Von Miller 'attempts to stop woman blackmailing him over $2.5m sex tape she filmed' 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'Hallmark-card cliché' romance with Blake Lively... as he hints they slept together on first date Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport Jumped on a connecting flight from Australia 'Apologies in advance!' Ivanka Trump shares funny video of Arabella jumping in Theo's crib while performing an enthusiastic rendition of the 'Pineapple Pen' song Inside Donald Trump's $100million penthouse: Gold-rimmed candy bowls, a toy Mercedes for his 10-year-old son, coloring pencils for his wife and painted ceilings Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fightback The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals the juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala He got in the center of their feud Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Colonial-style home is owned by media mogul Bill O'Reilly suggests Megyn Kelly is making Fox News 'look bad' by releasing book claiming she was sexually harassed by Roger Ailes Appeared to criticize her Well it was the 80s! Diana's most memorable outfits are celebrated in a new exhibition Traces the evolution of the Princess's style A lesson in style! As Sophia Richie and Gigi Hadid embrace high school chic in letterman jackets, FEMAIL finds the coolest varsity bombers on the market Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split Soon over heartache 'So what did you think of the Nubian ibexes?' Queen Elizabeth has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth host Sir David Attenborough at Buckingham Palace Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Third baby for actress 'We already love him': George W. Bush and wife Laura announce adoption of adorable rescue puppy named Freddy New addition to family Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir A big day for the Pitch Perfect actress 'He scared the s*** out of us': Lin-Manuel Miranda claims rapper Immortal Technique was a school bully Shared that the rapper used to pick on him 'What a mess!' Bristol Palin shares a snap of her nearly one-year-old daughter Sailor Grace grinning away while covered in chocolate and cookie crumbs Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Ivanka Trump comes under fire after her company promotes $10k bracelet she wore  during father's first TV interview as president-elect Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Got very emotional 'I hope you realise what s*** you laid on Yoko!': John Lennon's furious letter to Paul and Linda McCartney over their treatment of his wife goes up for auction Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic stroll Had smiles fixed to their faces Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Judge rules Nick Loeb must name his former lovers at the request of ex-fiance Sofia Vergara in bitter row over frozen embryos he wants to raise as children For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60million Super property  What a waist! Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo The magic returns! Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at star-studded London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win She's only 12! A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gemma Arterton strips down to her lingerie as she gets VERY hot and heavy with nearly nude Idris Elba in steamy scenes from 100 Streets 'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Bono is joined by his wife and daughters as he urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality during Glamour Awards acceptance speech  Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy The couple have already named the bundle of joy Jimi Hendrix's adopted sister is sued by the musician's bandmate for 'refusing to return guitars used in Rock and Roll Hall of Fame exhibit' Ugly battle Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London As fashion brands vow to donate funds to Planned Parenthood with sale of specially-designed products, FEMAIL rounds up the items now being sold Nick Viall goes shirtless as contestants fawn over his 'super hot' body in first promo for The Bachelor's new season Fans can't wait! 'Strange men turned up outside. Death threats were common': Megyn Kelly reveals safety fears after 'thin-skinned' Trump began publicly attacking her What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Welcomed her daughter just five days ago 'The band back together!': Kelly Ripa shares rare family photo with husband Mark Consuelos and their full brood Happy family  Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  Real name is Katherine von Drachenberg Reality star Kristin Cavallari said she's been bullied by 'insecure' fan of her Chicago Bears quarterback husband Jay Cutler on Twitter 'Never let anyone belittle you for your gender': Hilaria Baldwin tells her three-year-old daughter to never be 'objectified' in letter following Hillary's defeat Prince Harry wears identical bracelet to the one girlfriend Meghan Markle has as he meets staff at a sexual health charity and is serenaded by the group's choir Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is officially named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Williams, 36, was simply stunning  'He been f***ing some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' 'It's great that she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah Bagshawe... and jokes they are just 'trying to keep their baby alive' Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2 million Instagram followers Sheer daring! Elyse Taylor bares her nipples in a see-through bra and jeans in a VERY steamy photo shoot...after posing completely naked 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of $200m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH the trio if it fails Megyn Kelly claims Roger Ailes threatened her after she rejected his advances, and he'd still be Fox News CEO if Gretchen Carlson hadn't filed lawsuit Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife A-list crowd Make like Madonna in Cuba, Kim Kardashian in Mexico or the Beckhams in Greece: The hottest places to holiday in 2017 according to A-Listers That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'I do!' Adrienne Bailon and Israel Houghton share first kiss in touching wedding video Revealed the dress and the wedding cake and first dance  The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Tried to board a flight Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time Was unrecognizable Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian Laurie Hernandez tearfully dances way into DWTS finals as late grandmother cheers her on in pretaped message The 16-year-old wiped away tears A family affair! Pregnant Tori Spelling shows her support for The Rock's new movie as she attends Moana premiere with her children Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards...after being honoured the year before Looked sensational  Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Revealing outfit Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Enjoyed a rare night out with her husband  Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Her most famous feature 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's how to do maternity wear Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves Hated the last one Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' Modern Family actress  She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana She stunned for the star-studded occasion 'She stole my heart': Garth Brooks and Miley Cyrus fight back tears over teenager Darby Walker on The Voice They were both moved by her Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't decide on which look to keep 'Get over it': Jax Taylor tells girlfriend Brittany Cartwright to move past his growing rumors on Vanderpump Rules Risked losing her once and for all Making him proud! Robert Irwin, Bindi and their family, pay tribute to the late Steve Irwin as they put on a crocodile show at Australia Zoo Keeping his memory Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive Once the Undisputed WWE Champion Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  Revealed how much of a big deal her photos are Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit Was a featured speaker at the LA event  Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Award Cut glamorous figures Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards One of the world's most recognizable models Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Turned a head or two Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA Top for the crops Has Chloe Lattanzi been editing her Instagram photos AGAIN? Olivia Newton-John's daughter shows off her VERY slim frame in new snaps Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA He looks younger than ever Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles The Blue Lagoon star layered her sweater with a white tee underneath 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album Disco doll! Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash Gave NeueHouse Hollywood patrons an eyeful of her taut figure Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Shared a sexy snap  Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC In training for the runway Where's Eleven? Caleb McLaughlin, Gaten Matarazzo and Finn Wolfhard seen on Stranger Things season two set for first time Getting excited   Playboy model, 26, who appeared in Justin Bieber video boasts of her incredible $1million wedding to 63-year-old Egyptian multi-millionaire  Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend wished his fellow countryman well via video  Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney Emma Roberts cuts a stylish figure in skintight top and jeans while grabbing coffee in Los Angeles The niece of Julia Roberts Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening Was joined at Cadillac House by husband Johannes Huebl and Poppy Delevingne Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner can't believe their ears after learning about Kris Jenner's car crash in KUWTK preview Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now,' said a family source Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna On the way to the American Music Awards which air on Sunday  Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican vacation with Scott Disick Sunshine break  Ashley Graham sizzles as she flashes cleavage in sexy beaded jumpsuit at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards...after wowing in clingy black dress She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Enjoying working her glutes What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Star looked stunning The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry, asks EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE  Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  The 20-year-old wowed in an exquisite number Married! Bachelor vet Bob Guiney weds for the THIRD time... 13 years after first appearing on dating show where he competed for Trista Sutter's heart Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video Very 21st century way to get around 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message Post Trump's win  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet affection  'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Actor's not happy She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Bought some necessary edge to the premiere She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Looked beautiful  The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Stylist Sam McKnight  'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer For the upcoming film Patriots Day Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District More used to wrapping gold around his waist Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon Sofia Richie doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumors they are back together as they attend same event In Compton last week Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to hubby James Cook at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time Met the baby 18 days after his big brother Kevin welcomed her PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance Southern comfort  Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells for extra effect   'Women are scared a predator will soon be residing in the White House': Lena Dunham talks Donald Trump win at Glamour's Summit Shared her thoughts Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Rogue One: A Star Wars Story shares new IMAX poster as well as 'Call sign' clip one month before film's release The new movie is much anticipated  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe Chatting about their new romances? Jessica Marais oozes sex appeal as she shows off her cleavage in a range of stunning dresses for sultry InStyle beach cover shoot Bon Jovi takes Billboard's number one album spot for SIXTH time with This House Is Not For Sale Sold 129,000 units according to figures Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy above-knee boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch 'Deadliest Catch' star is severely beaten and robbed after an altercation in Washington  Jake Harris was brutally attacked and robbed  A legend returns! Hayao Miyazaki, 75, the filmmaker behind Spirited Away reveals he will come out of retirement to make one final film The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Television showdown Respected PBS NewsHour anchor Gwen Ifill dies aged 61 after a short, private battle with cancer She was surrounded by her family All the handbags but no clothes to wear? Model Jessica Hart strips down to bikini top and dances around in a revealing new Christmas video Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch Canadian supermodel  'My first pair of designer shoes cost more than my rent!': Anna Kendrick dishes on early fame as she plugs Scrappy Little Nobody book on Today 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson Dished on shared night Stop, collaborate and listen: Vanilla Ice, Salt-N-Pepa, Coolio, Young MC, Color Me Badd and Tone Loc set to bring the ultimate '90s tour to Australia in 2017 EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused invitation into Cher's bedroom, fueled feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez and was flashed by a RH star Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Had everything clicking at the promotional event Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel supermodel wowed 'It's all I need!' Makeup free Ashley Hart flaunts her stunning figure in a bikini as she reveals her summer beauty regime Summer beauty regime for the model Walking on sunshine! Ivanka Trump is all smiles as she leaves her apartment hand-in-hand with Jared - before taking on the mannequin challenge  Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, is arrested for 'molesting a girl under the age of 10' in Georgia She was allegedly abused for months Russia's Pussy Riot issues stark warning about Trump's presidency in shocking 'Make America Great Again' video predicting what the future holds Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks like a princess How Donald Trump and ex Marla Maples' lavish 1993 Tiffany & Co wedding registry listed everything from a $530 crystal 'sail' sculpture to a $1,250 BOWL 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Pet project 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year Married to Blake Lively Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer star Abby Wambach in her latest confessional post sharing sweet selfie of them together 'It's awkward!' Marion Cotillard reveals what's it was like filming sex scenes with Brad Pitt for WWII film Allied Dished about 'making love' onscreen 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car Amicable exes appeared to be relaxed and happy Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family... before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Woman, 23, who gorged on TWO dinners a night and tipped the scales at 400lbs becomes an Instagram star after losing almost half her body weight Behati Prinsloo shares beach picture with Adam Levine and baby Dusty Wanted the world to know there are no problems in her family Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Shine on! As celebs like Kylie Jenner and Hailey Baldwin step out in satin fashions, FEMAIL rounds up high gloss garments that will get you noticed 'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar Penned an open essay to the publication John Oliver goes on epic anti-Trump rant on his final show of the year, calling the president elect an 'abnormal pathological liar' From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive.. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Oklahoma airport in lock-down with all flights suspended after Southwest Airlines employee and father of NFL player is shot dead and a 'sniper's nest is found' in nearby parking garage  138 comments 1 video SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
null
Jet Airways to operate wide-bodied planes in more intl routes By The routes are from Mumbai and Delhi to Dammam; from Mumbai to Bangkok; and from Mumbai to Doha. Sell Marico; target of Rs 290: Anand Rathi - Tata Sons may seek Nusli Wadia ouster from Tata cos boards: Srcs News Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Search Language App Subscriptions Specials Sign-In Register Santa Claus Logout Hindi Gujrati Profile Portfolio Watchlist Messages Alerts News markets Mutual Funds commodities property personal finance portfolio Forum LIVE TV TV18 terminal Home Business Management Talk Markets Stocks Politics International Tech Lifestyle SME Videos Home » News » Business Oct 24, 2016, 09.44 PM | Source: PTI Jet Airways to operate wide-bodied planes in more int'l routes The routes are from Mumbai and Delhi to Dammam; from Mumbai to Bangkok; and from Mumbai to Doha. Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3 Jet Airways to operate wide-bodied planes in more intl routes The routes are from Mumbai and Delhi to Dammam; from Mumbai to Bangkok; and from Mumbai to Doha. Post Your Comments Share Cancel | 1 Comments Jet Airways today said it would deploy wide-bodied planes on more number of international routes to significantly enhance capacity amid rising demand. Additional wide-bodied aircraft services would be introduced in four key international routes from October 30. The routes are from Mumbai and Delhi to Dammam; from Mumbai to Bangkok; and from Mumbai to Doha. In a release, the airline said it is set to introduce wide-bodied jetliners in a move to significantly enhance capacity at a time of rising demand. "The deployment of the state-of-the-art Airbus' A330s and flagship Boeing 777-300 ERs, with their wide spacious cabins, will allow Jet Airways to offer guests flying to/from the Middle East, Southeast Asia and Europe a more relaxing, comfortable and luxurious flying experience," it said. Jet Airways Chief Commercial Officer Jayaraj Shanmugam said deploying the wide bodied aircraft on key international routes would enable the airline to capitalise on the growing demand in these sectors. Currently, the carrier operates a fleet of 117 aircraft that includes Boeing 777-300 ERs, Airbus A330-200/300 and Next Generation Boeing 737s. Tags  Jet Airways wide-bodied planes aircraft Airbus' A330 Boeing 777-300 ER Jayaraj Shanmugam Related Stories Jet Airways expands codeshare pact with Kenya Airways As part of the enhanced pact between the two inter Jet Airways Q2 profit at Rs 85 cr amid pricing pressure Jet Airways group today reported a nearly flat pro DGCA seeks details from Jet Airways on cancelled flights Jet Airways has also been asked to provide details Jet Airways' Q2 results on November 11, 2016 Jet Airways (India) Ltd has informed BSE that the Jet Airways widens code share with Delta, Virgin Atlantic Effective November 2, Jet Airways customers flying Set email alert for Jet Airways : Set Alert Buy, Hold, Sell ? Hear it first on M3 Jet Airways to operate wide-bodied planes in more intl routes Wire News Platinum Member 662 Followers News Now Jet Airways today said it would deploy wide-bodied planes on more number of international routes to significantly enhance capacity amid rising demand.... http://t.in.com/633m Reply  |  Rate  |  Click if offensive  |  Share  |  Repost See all Sign in or Login with Username Password Keep me signed in   Forgot password? Don't have an account yet? - Register now news Most Popular Top News SC counters Sibal's view on 'force of law', steers clear for now Demonetisation: Good for bond mkts, short-term negative for equities, says CLSA 1001 Startup Ideas - AI enabled chatbots for customer service Tata Motors Q2 revenue in line, profit misses; directors back co Petrol price cut by Rs 1.46, diesel by Rs 1.53 per litre NHAI invites bids for proj reports for 15,000 km eco corridors Trucks to enter Delhi only after midnight till Jan 31: LG Patanjali exploring possibility of plant in Nizamabad district Demonetisation a crusade against corruption & black money: PM See all Video of the day NBFCs can't be written off in wake of demonetisation: Quantum Explore Moneycontrol STOCKS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Others MUTUAL FUNDS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Market Statistics Plan Insurance Global Market Business News Mutual Fund Best Portfolio Manager Bse Sensex Nse Nifty Commodities Price Silver Price/Rate in India Gold Price/Rate in India Crude Oil USD to INR Bank Fixed Deposits Company Fixed Deposits Small Savings Schemes Bonds Budget: 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015 | Budget 2016 RBI Credit Policy News Archive Financial Glossary Forum Moneybhai Think India History India Latest News IBNLive News News in Hindi Cricket News Paper Peek Exam Special CBSE Sample Papers India News Restaurants in Delhi Online Shopping in India Cairn India Euro Infosys Inflation Silver Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Snapdeal Starbucks Narendra Modi Crore Rss Feeds Site Map  |  About Us  |  Contact Us  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Bookmark  |  Disclaimer  |  Privacy Statement  |  Terms of Use  |  Careers Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Login Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Login using moneycontrol ID Username Password Need help logging in? Reset password. Don´t have an account? Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Simply sign up using this short form * mandatory UserName* Username should be atleast 4 character Password* Password should be 8 or more characters, atleast 1 number, 1 symbol & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Confirm Password* Email Already have an account? Login
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Nasa is working on aircraft with wings that FOLD while flying: Design could pave the way for hypersonic planes The concept uses a hinge to articulate the wings by as much as 75 degrees Engineers believe it could boost the stability and efficiency of aircraft  Folding wings have been used for decades, mainly for aircraft storage The team hopes to bring the concept into the 21st century with new materials and technology   By Ryan O'Hare for MailOnline Published: 12:41 EST, 24 October 2016 | Updated: 13:27 EST, 24 October 2016 e-mail 99 shares 103 View comments The US space agency may be best known for sending rockets to the moon and rovers to Mars, but it also has its sights set designs for aircraft on Earth. Nasa engineers are working to develop a plane whose wings can change shape during flight, boosting their efficiency. Their adaptive design includes a hinge that enables the wings to fold by as much as 75 degrees during flight, which could reduce drag and improve how it handles in the air. Scroll down for video  Nasa engineers are working to develop a prototype folding wing concept. By tweaking the shape of the wing a few degrees in flight, pilots could find the optimal position - which could prove key to stability in hypersonic flight. Pictured is prototype for testing the concept SPANWISE ADAPTIVE WINGS Nasa engineers are working with Boeing and Area-I to develop a prototype of its folding wing concept. Folding wings have been used for decades as a means of reducing the space aircraft take up on aircraft carriers and in hangers. The approach was also incorporated into a US nuclear bomber in the 1960s, the XB-70 Valkyrie, but only the tips folded during flight. Engineers hope that their spanwise adaptive wing (SAW) concept will bring folding wings into the 21st century with new technology and materials. They believe that by tweaking the shape of the wing by a few degrees in flight, pilots could find the optimal position to cut through the air with less drag and generate more lift - which could prove key to stability in hypersonic flight. Folding wings have been around since the 1940s, used as a means of reducing the space aircraft take up when they are on the ground, crucial when space is at a premium, such as on aircraft carriers. Engineers from Nasa’s Armstrong Flight Research Center in California are working with teams from the Langley Research Center in Virginia, and Glenn Research Center in Ohio to develop the concept for aircraft in flight, called the spanwise adaptive wing (SAW). By tweaking the shape of the wing by a few degrees, pilots could find the optimal position to cut through the air with less drag and generate more lift. Just as the flaps on a commercial aircraft switch between take-off and landing, the wings on the Saw concept would use a hinge to tilt and improve performance. ‘Ideally, we would be able to take that portion of the wing and articulate it up or down to the optimal flight condition that you’re in,’ said Nasa’s Matt Moholt, principal investigator for Saw. ‘So let’s say you’re a condition that requires a climb-out. The optimal position might be up 15 degrees or down 15 degrees, and you would be able to get that.’ The folding wing approach was incorporated onto a US nuclear bomber in the 1960s, the XB-70 Valkyrie, but only the tips folded during flight. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Juno's got engine trouble: Nasa delays spacecraft's next... Europe's lost Mars lander may have been SHOT DOWN by Nasa,... Jupiter becomes a massive smiley face in one of the last... Venus may STILL have active volcanoes: Earth's 'evil twin'... Share this article Share 99 shares Nasa’s vision would look to bring the approach into the 21st Century using modern technology and materials. ‘We are revisiting folding-wing aircraft because new technologies that did not exist in the 1960s allow actuation to be put in tighter wings, in smaller volumes,’ added Moholt. Folding wings have been used for decades, mainly to reduce space on the ground. But thr technology was also incorporated into a US nuclear bomber in the 1960s, the XB-70 Valkyrie (pictured), but only the tips folded during flight ‘Now you can articulate a very small, thin [aerofoil], whereas before the actuator technology didn’t exist.’ Advanced actuation could potentially provide a compact, lightweight design which minimises stress experienced by the wings. Beyond standard aircraft, the team believes the adjustable wing design could help planes travelling at supersonic and hypersonic speeds to fly more efficiently. Once through the sound barrier, aircraft experience more lift but also more yaw – the twisting motion where the tail swings from side to side. Engineers hope that their spanwise adaptive wing (SAW) concept (illustrated) will bring folding wings into the 21st century with new technology and materials By adjusting the shape during flight the Saw concept could reduce this wobble, providing greater stability at higher speeds. Nasa has not provided hard details on how the folding system would work, but that it would be an extension of previous solid state systems, driven by electric motors. The aerospace agency is working with Boeing and Area-I to develop a prototype. Once developed, the technology will be tested on a scale model called Ptera, fitted with a full suite of instruments to measure the effect of inflight folding.  NASA'S SHAPE-SHIFTING WINGS  Last year Nasa revealed a number of test flights had taken place for craft using a shape-shifting wing technology called Adaptive Compliant Trailing Edge (ACTE). The project is a collaboration between Nasa, the Air Force Research Laboratory (AFRL) and FlexSys from Ann Arbor Michigan. The wing is able to ‘bend’ through angles from -2 degrees up to 30 degrees. Test pilots have described it as being ‘very smooth’, while it can also deal with hard banking manoeuvres and extreme temperatures. For all the flights so far, the wing has flown in a fixed position on a Gulfstream III jet between these two extremes, to ensure risk is minimal. At the time, engineers said that future flights would enable the wings to change angles while in the air. The breakthrough could also increase fuel efficiency up to 12 per cent, and reduce noise at take-off and landing up to 40 per cent. Share or comment on this article e-mail 99 shares Most watched News videos Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Man discovers wife is cheating on him following her with drone Chili's manager snatches veteran's free meal after complaint Ivanka Trump gives glimpse of her father's $100m penthouse Obama on Trump: This office has a way of waking you up 100 special police agents protect suspected paedophile from mob Killer wife and lover speak out over fatal love triangle Obama's dig at Clinton over her ground game failures SNL mocks confident Clinton supporters with Dave Chappelle Protestor at an anti-Trump rally at Ohio State gets slammed Emotional Chelsea Handler fights back tears over election results Dashcam footage captures moment van swerves before crashing 'Reality has a way of asserting itself!' Condescending Obama... EXCLUSIVE: Blow up! Days before losing the election Hillary... Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he... Man with the Midas touch: Inside the President-elect's $100... 'Watch carefully, you can see 18 years go down the drain':... Supermoon 2016: Stunning photographs show incredible sights... Man accused of raping and killing a 4-year-old girl is... West Virginia officials under fire for racist Facebook post... EXCLUSIVE: Woman, 53, jailed for killing her cheating... The mansion that Coke built: Haunting photos show how home... Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer... 'I'm going out in style': Russian boy and girl, both 15,... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Meet 'Baby Boom': Richard Branson-backed mini-concorde that can fly from London to New York in 3.5 hours is... Humans will NOT survive another 1,000 years on Earth, says Stephen Hawking: Physicist warns we must 'escape... Mysterious 'megafast electrons' are accelerated to the speed of light just outside Earth's magnetic field -... The £6bn aircraft carriers we can't plug in! Old cables could leave ships without power, warns shock study... Watch the US Army's real-life PHASER GUN in action: Weapon can knock out a swarm of drones, cars and even... Could YOU survive the suicide circle? Math puzzle solved by Jewish soldier to avoid death at the hands of... The fuel-free EmDrive 'is NOT impossible', leading experts admit - but say they are baffled by how it... Does teenage BLOOD hold the key to the fountain of youth? Plasma from human teens found to have anti-aging... Google and Facebook to crack down on fake news sites making money from their online ad systems How do you spot a space killer? CSI experts reveal spotting crimes on other planets could be even tougher Apple's latest launch: $300 coffee table book dedicated to Steve Jobs reveals 20 years of designs from the... Never get in the wrong car again! Lyft launches personalised colour beacons in bid to take on Uber Tinder gets transgender-friendly: Dating app rolls out 37 new gender identity options in massive update The 'invisible' Milky Way: Interactive map lets you explore our galaxy with superhuman vision Will virtual reality headsets alter children's BRAINS? Doctors say more research needs to be done on the... MORE HEADLINES Could YOU survive the suicide circle? Math puzzle solved by Jewish soldier to avoid death at the hands of Roman soldiers explained Will YOU see the supermoon tonight? Interactive map reveals which areas will have the best view Meet 'Baby Boom': Richard Branson-backed mini-concorde that can fly from London to New York in 3.5 hours is unveiled Is YOUR phone safe? 700 million Android handsets may be secretly sending users' texts to China every 72 hours Did voter's 'embarrassment, shame and fear' over backing Donald Trump explain why polls were so wrong? Humans will NOT survive another 1,000 years on Earth, says Stephen Hawking: Physicist warns we must 'escape beyond our fragile planet' The 'Stone Age Atlantis': Stunning video reveals the 9,000-year-old settlement found submerged under the sea off Sweden The end of silicon? IBM is creating 'carbon chips' that can make computers 1,000 times faster The formula for a PERFECT cup of coffee: Mathematician reveals the best way to make a brew Silicon Valley issues plea to Donald Trump to support strong encryption and let them hire more foreign workers Why baby talk is GOOD for children: Speaking 'motherese' helps them develop language skills much faster iPhone 8 to get a size boost: Radical redesign set to boast new 5 and 5.8inch edge to edge curved screens Mysterious 'megafast electrons' are accelerated to the speed of light just outside Earth's magnetic field - and scientists say strange discovery could change particle physics forever Sex with robots will be 'mind blowing': Expert says androids could one day improve your skills in the bedroom U.S. will become a 'rogue country' if Donald Trump dumps Paris climate accord,  former Irish President Mary Robinson warns MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today Not such a scruffy-looking Nerf Herder after all! Carrie Fisher opens up about  her 'wine-sodden' affair with Harrison Ford on set of Star Wars Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together Sexy for Scott! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she continues to enjoy getaway with Disick  Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Looked like she had plenty on her mind Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Looked as calm and collected as can be  'You have to practice your cosmetics routine as much as your dance routine': NFL cheerleader reveals her beauty regimen Sponsored Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Says she is serious  Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Clinton and a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame Singer looked stunning in Los Angeles  'I've never felt this pain before': Below Deck's Nico Scholly mourns death of his 21-year-old brother Tristen Bravo reality star shared heart-breaking tweets Meghan Markle 'wants a future with Prince Harry and is ready to give it all up to make their relationship work'  The actress is currently starring in Suits Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Spy Kids movies star From peacoats to parkas, the outerwear fashions you will see everywhere this winter - and where you can find them Sponsored Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Spotted leaving Fig & Olive Kim Zolciak suggests husband Kroy Biermann as a co-host for Kelly Ripa on the morning show Live! With Kelly Is she trying to find the free agent a job? Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Left show tragically  'Someone asked me who the hunk on my screensaver is. It's JOE BIDEN': Internet users go gaga after snapshots of a young Vice President flood social media How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Declared he was heterosexual  Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY middle in latest waist-training selfie Said it was 'disturbing' FEMAIL rounds up holiday make-up inspiration to steal from the star-studded and gorgeous Glamour Women of the Year Awards red carpet  Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Model hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during getaway Super Bowl MVP and Johnny Manziel's best friend Von Miller 'attempts to stop woman blackmailing him over $2.5m sex tape she filmed' 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'Hallmark-card cliché' romance with Blake Lively... as he hints they slept together on first date Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport Jumped on a connecting flight from Australia 'Apologies in advance!' Ivanka Trump shares funny video of Arabella jumping in Theo's crib while performing an enthusiastic rendition of the 'Pineapple Pen' song Inside Donald Trump's $100million penthouse: Gold-rimmed candy bowls, a toy Mercedes for his 10-year-old son, coloring pencils for his wife and painted ceilings Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fightback The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals the juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala He got in the center of their feud Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Colonial-style home is owned by media mogul Bill O'Reilly suggests Megyn Kelly is making Fox News 'look bad' by releasing book claiming she was sexually harassed by Roger Ailes Appeared to criticize her Well it was the 80s! Diana's most memorable outfits are celebrated in a new exhibition Traces the evolution of the Princess's style A lesson in style! As Sophia Richie and Gigi Hadid embrace high school chic in letterman jackets, FEMAIL finds the coolest varsity bombers on the market Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split Soon over heartache 'So what did you think of the Nubian ibexes?' Queen Elizabeth has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth host Sir David Attenborough at Buckingham Palace Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Third baby for actress 'We already love him': George W. Bush and wife Laura announce adoption of adorable rescue puppy named Freddy New addition to family Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir A big day for the Pitch Perfect actress 'He scared the s*** out of us': Lin-Manuel Miranda claims rapper Immortal Technique was a school bully Shared that the rapper used to pick on him 'What a mess!' Bristol Palin shares a snap of her nearly one-year-old daughter Sailor Grace grinning away while covered in chocolate and cookie crumbs Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Ivanka Trump comes under fire after her company promotes $10k bracelet she wore  during father's first TV interview as president-elect Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Got very emotional 'I hope you realise what s*** you laid on Yoko!': John Lennon's furious letter to Paul and Linda McCartney over their treatment of his wife goes up for auction Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic stroll Had smiles fixed to their faces Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Judge rules Nick Loeb must name his former lovers at the request of ex-fiance Sofia Vergara in bitter row over frozen embryos he wants to raise as children For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60million Super property  What a waist! Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo The magic returns! Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at star-studded London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win She's only 12! A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gemma Arterton strips down to her lingerie as she gets VERY hot and heavy with nearly nude Idris Elba in steamy scenes from 100 Streets 'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Bono is joined by his wife and daughters as he urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality during Glamour Awards acceptance speech  Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy The couple have already named the bundle of joy Jimi Hendrix's adopted sister is sued by the musician's bandmate for 'refusing to return guitars used in Rock and Roll Hall of Fame exhibit' Ugly battle Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London As fashion brands vow to donate funds to Planned Parenthood with sale of specially-designed products, FEMAIL rounds up the items now being sold Nick Viall goes shirtless as contestants fawn over his 'super hot' body in first promo for The Bachelor's new season Fans can't wait! 'Strange men turned up outside. Death threats were common': Megyn Kelly reveals safety fears after 'thin-skinned' Trump began publicly attacking her What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Welcomed her daughter just five days ago 'The band back together!': Kelly Ripa shares rare family photo with husband Mark Consuelos and their full brood Happy family  Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  Real name is Katherine von Drachenberg Reality star Kristin Cavallari said she's been bullied by 'insecure' fan of her Chicago Bears quarterback husband Jay Cutler on Twitter 'Never let anyone belittle you for your gender': Hilaria Baldwin tells her three-year-old daughter to never be 'objectified' in letter following Hillary's defeat Prince Harry wears identical bracelet to the one girlfriend Meghan Markle has as he meets staff at a sexual health charity and is serenaded by the group's choir Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is officially named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Williams, 36, was simply stunning  'He been f***ing some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' 'It's great that she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah Bagshawe... and jokes they are just 'trying to keep their baby alive' Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2 million Instagram followers Sheer daring! Elyse Taylor bares her nipples in a see-through bra and jeans in a VERY steamy photo shoot...after posing completely naked 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of $200m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH the trio if it fails Megyn Kelly claims Roger Ailes threatened her after she rejected his advances, and he'd still be Fox News CEO if Gretchen Carlson hadn't filed lawsuit Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife A-list crowd Make like Madonna in Cuba, Kim Kardashian in Mexico or the Beckhams in Greece: The hottest places to holiday in 2017 according to A-Listers That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'I do!' Adrienne Bailon and Israel Houghton share first kiss in touching wedding video Revealed the dress and the wedding cake and first dance  The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Tried to board a flight Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time Was unrecognizable Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian Laurie Hernandez tearfully dances way into DWTS finals as late grandmother cheers her on in pretaped message The 16-year-old wiped away tears A family affair! Pregnant Tori Spelling shows her support for The Rock's new movie as she attends Moana premiere with her children Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards...after being honoured the year before Looked sensational  Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Revealing outfit Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Enjoyed a rare night out with her husband  Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Her most famous feature 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's how to do maternity wear Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves Hated the last one Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' Modern Family actress  She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana She stunned for the star-studded occasion 'She stole my heart': Garth Brooks and Miley Cyrus fight back tears over teenager Darby Walker on The Voice They were both moved by her Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't decide on which look to keep 'Get over it': Jax Taylor tells girlfriend Brittany Cartwright to move past his growing rumors on Vanderpump Rules Risked losing her once and for all Making him proud! Robert Irwin, Bindi and their family, pay tribute to the late Steve Irwin as they put on a crocodile show at Australia Zoo Keeping his memory Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive Once the Undisputed WWE Champion Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  Revealed how much of a big deal her photos are Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit Was a featured speaker at the LA event  Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Award Cut glamorous figures Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards One of the world's most recognizable models Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Turned a head or two Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA Top for the crops Has Chloe Lattanzi been editing her Instagram photos AGAIN? Olivia Newton-John's daughter shows off her VERY slim frame in new snaps Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA He looks younger than ever Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles The Blue Lagoon star layered her sweater with a white tee underneath 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album Disco doll! Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash Gave NeueHouse Hollywood patrons an eyeful of her taut figure Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Shared a sexy snap  Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC In training for the runway Where's Eleven? Caleb McLaughlin, Gaten Matarazzo and Finn Wolfhard seen on Stranger Things season two set for first time Getting excited   Playboy model, 26, who appeared in Justin Bieber video boasts of her incredible $1million wedding to 63-year-old Egyptian multi-millionaire  Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend wished his fellow countryman well via video  Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney Emma Roberts cuts a stylish figure in skintight top and jeans while grabbing coffee in Los Angeles The niece of Julia Roberts Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening Was joined at Cadillac House by husband Johannes Huebl and Poppy Delevingne Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner can't believe their ears after learning about Kris Jenner's car crash in KUWTK preview Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now,' said a family source Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna On the way to the American Music Awards which air on Sunday  Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican vacation with Scott Disick Sunshine break  Ashley Graham sizzles as she flashes cleavage in sexy beaded jumpsuit at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards...after wowing in clingy black dress She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Enjoying working her glutes What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Star looked stunning The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry, asks EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE  Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  The 20-year-old wowed in an exquisite number Married! Bachelor vet Bob Guiney weds for the THIRD time... 13 years after first appearing on dating show where he competed for Trista Sutter's heart Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video Very 21st century way to get around 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message Post Trump's win  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet affection  'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Actor's not happy She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Bought some necessary edge to the premiere She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Looked beautiful  The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Stylist Sam McKnight  'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer For the upcoming film Patriots Day Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District More used to wrapping gold around his waist Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon Sofia Richie doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumors they are back together as they attend same event In Compton last week Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to hubby James Cook at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time Met the baby 18 days after his big brother Kevin welcomed her PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance Southern comfort  Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells for extra effect   'Women are scared a predator will soon be residing in the White House': Lena Dunham talks Donald Trump win at Glamour's Summit Shared her thoughts Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Rogue One: A Star Wars Story shares new IMAX poster as well as 'Call sign' clip one month before film's release The new movie is much anticipated  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe Chatting about their new romances? Jessica Marais oozes sex appeal as she shows off her cleavage in a range of stunning dresses for sultry InStyle beach cover shoot Bon Jovi takes Billboard's number one album spot for SIXTH time with This House Is Not For Sale Sold 129,000 units according to figures Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy above-knee boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch 'Deadliest Catch' star is severely beaten and robbed after an altercation in Washington  Jake Harris was brutally attacked and robbed  A legend returns! Hayao Miyazaki, 75, the filmmaker behind Spirited Away reveals he will come out of retirement to make one final film The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Television showdown Respected PBS NewsHour anchor Gwen Ifill dies aged 61 after a short, private battle with cancer She was surrounded by her family All the handbags but no clothes to wear? Model Jessica Hart strips down to bikini top and dances around in a revealing new Christmas video Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch Canadian supermodel  'My first pair of designer shoes cost more than my rent!': Anna Kendrick dishes on early fame as she plugs Scrappy Little Nobody book on Today 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson Dished on shared night Stop, collaborate and listen: Vanilla Ice, Salt-N-Pepa, Coolio, Young MC, Color Me Badd and Tone Loc set to bring the ultimate '90s tour to Australia in 2017 EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused invitation into Cher's bedroom, fueled feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez and was flashed by a RH star Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Had everything clicking at the promotional event Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel supermodel wowed 'It's all I need!' Makeup free Ashley Hart flaunts her stunning figure in a bikini as she reveals her summer beauty regime Summer beauty regime for the model Walking on sunshine! Ivanka Trump is all smiles as she leaves her apartment hand-in-hand with Jared - before taking on the mannequin challenge  Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, is arrested for 'molesting a girl under the age of 10' in Georgia She was allegedly abused for months Russia's Pussy Riot issues stark warning about Trump's presidency in shocking 'Make America Great Again' video predicting what the future holds Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks like a princess How Donald Trump and ex Marla Maples' lavish 1993 Tiffany & Co wedding registry listed everything from a $530 crystal 'sail' sculpture to a $1,250 BOWL 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Pet project 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year Married to Blake Lively Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer star Abby Wambach in her latest confessional post sharing sweet selfie of them together 'It's awkward!' Marion Cotillard reveals what's it was like filming sex scenes with Brad Pitt for WWII film Allied Dished about 'making love' onscreen 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car Amicable exes appeared to be relaxed and happy Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family... before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Woman, 23, who gorged on TWO dinners a night and tipped the scales at 400lbs becomes an Instagram star after losing almost half her body weight Behati Prinsloo shares beach picture with Adam Levine and baby Dusty Wanted the world to know there are no problems in her family Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Shine on! As celebs like Kylie Jenner and Hailey Baldwin step out in satin fashions, FEMAIL rounds up high gloss garments that will get you noticed 'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar Penned an open essay to the publication John Oliver goes on epic anti-Trump rant on his final show of the year, calling the president elect an 'abnormal pathological liar' From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive.. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Oklahoma airport in lock-down with all flights suspended after Southwest Airlines employee and father of NFL player is shot dead and a 'sniper's nest is found' in nearby parking garage  158 comments 1 video SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Wednesday, November 16, 2016 8:07 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 25°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Wall St touches two-week high on deals, strong earnings Monday October 24, 2016 11:40 PM GMT+8 ICYMI Motorists must pay up AES summonses, transport minister says Spain fight back to snatch draw with England in Wembley friendly Unearth some of the coolest curios, antiques at Rope Walk Taman Selat! Eyes on Sarkozy as fresh claims of Gaddafi funding arises Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Time Warner assets attract the biggest M&A deal this year from AT&T but its stock slides with that of AT&T. — Reuters file picNEW YORK, Oct 24 — US stocks touched their highest levels in two weeks as a flurry of deal activity and strong quarterly earnings boosted investor confidence. AT&T was down 1.2 per cent at US$37.03 after the telecommunications company said it would buy Time Warner Inc for US$85.4 billion (RM357.1 billion). If approved by regulators, this would be the biggest deal in the world this year. Time Warner Inc was down 1.8 per cent at US$87.84. Investors are also parsing quarterly earnings reports from companies. More than a third of the S&P 500 components are scheduled to report earnings this week, including heavyweights such as Apple and Boeing. “M&A activity is generally seen as a bullish trend for the market,” said Randy Frederick, managing director of trading and derivatives for Charles Schwab in Austin, Texas. “It’s also been a pretty good quarter for earnings so far and we might finally see the end of earnings recession. If you look at the companies that have reported so far, most of them have outperformed the long-term average in profit and revenue.” Third-quarter earnings are expected to increase 1.1 per cent after four consecutive quarters of contraction, according to Thomson Reuters data. Of the 120 S&P companies that have reported earnings, 77.5 per cent have beat analyst expectations, above the long-term average of 63.5 per cent. At 10:56am ET, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 85.19 points, or 0.47 per cent, at 18,230.9, the S&P 500 was up 10.32 points, or 0.48 per cent, at 2,151.48 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 46.63 points, or 0.89 per cent, at 5,304.04. Nine of the 11 major S&P sectors were higher, with technology index’s 0.87 per cent rise leading the advancers. The dollar index was little changed at 98.72 against a basket of major currencies, after touching its highest level since early February, last week. A strong dollar could dent the earnings of large multinationals. Genworth Financial was down 9.9 per cent at US$4.69 after little-known China Oceanwide Holdings Group pledged US$3.8 billion in a deal to take control of the US insurer. TD Ameritrade fell 2.4 per cent to US$36.20 after it said it would buy privately held Scottrade Financial Services in a deal valued at US$4 billion. B/E Aerospace jumped 15.4 per cent to US$58.43 after aircraft component maker Rockwell Collins said it would buy the company in a deal valued at US$6.4 billion plus the assumption of US$1.9 billion in debt. Rockwell was down 5.7 per cent at US$79.64. Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,893 to 920. On the Nasdaq, 1,808 issues rose and 768 fell. The S&P 500 index showed 17 new 52-week highs and two new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 92 new highs and 25 new lows. — Reuters                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Nepal PM phones India’s Modi over rupee chaos Google, Facebook cut ad revenue to ‘fake’ news sites European equities drift higher United to delay taking Boeing jets in US$4.8b savings push Macau sets US$25b gaming target for 2017 below estimates Oil slumps as prospect of Trump victory roils global markets Malaysia Airlines mulling purchase of 25 widebody jets next year Malaysia growth push stymied by banks cautious on loans US stocks decline after rally as election takes centre stage BNM: Ringgit fell against most world currencies in third quarter Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Groin-flashing frog discovered in Australia An in-depth look at Mazda’s SKYACTIV-G engine Ah Beng reviews iguana’s epic escape from snakes (WARNING: EXPLICIT LANGUAGE) Ah Beng reviews iguana’s epic escape from snakes (WARNING: EXPLICIT LANGUAGE) Reuters Video: Philippines’ Duterte says ‘Long live Trump’ Did you know: The ocean is way deeper than you think Related Articles US stocks mixed as Samsung announces US$8b Harman deal (VIDEO) Analysts say Trump stocks rally could persist All bullish in the end as US stocks post best week since 2014 US stocks halt rally spurred by election as Trump win assessed Dow hits record high as markets ride on Trump win Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2016 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Comm & Energy Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Rockwell sees big sales gains from $6.4 billion B/E Aero deal Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Aerospace & Defense | Mon Oct 24, 2016 | 2:09pm EDT Rockwell sees big sales gains from $6.4 billion B/E Aero deal Cockpit equipment made by Rockwell Collins and used in a CH-47 Chinook helicopter is pictured at the ILA Berlin Air Show in Schoenefeld, south of Berlin, Germany, June 1, 2016. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch By Alwyn Scott | NEW YORK NEW YORK Aircraft electronics supplier Rockwell Collins (COL.N) said on Monday its $6.4 billion acquisition of interiors maker B/E Aerospace Inc (BEAV.O) will boost sales and spur new products, helping offset sluggish demand for equipment in new business and commercial jets. But investors and industry experts voiced skepticism about the deal, sending Rockwell's stock down 6.9 percent to $78.63, while B/E Aerospace shares rose 15.5 percent to $58.44, reflecting the bid premium. Rockwell's acquisition, announced on Sunday, would triple its sales of equipment in new-generation widebody jetliners such as the Boeing (BA.N) 787 and Airbus (AIR.PA) A350, and "nearly double our position in the narrowbodies," Chief Executive Officer Kelly Ortberg said on a conference call with analysts, referring to top-selling jets such as the Boeing 737 and Airbus A320. The companies have little product overlap, with Rockwell best known for avionics, flight controls and cabin connectivity, while B/E Aerospace is a major provider of aircraft seats, galleys, lighting and other systems. But Rockwell's plan to wire digital sensors and electronics into the galleys, lavatories and seats that B/E Aerospace drew some skepticism from industry experts. Lavatories and galleys are not items airlines typically use as selling points to customers. "If you're making a lavatory higher tech, it's got to improve customers experience or reduce cost," said Phil Toy, a managing director at aerospace consulting firm AlixPartners. The combination is expected to produce annual cost savings of $160 million, with 90 percent captured in the first full year, and provide a double-digit percentage boost to per-share earnings in the first full year, the companies said. Rockwell's acquisition - which is expected to be completed next spring - also underscores rising competition for lucrative aftermarket sales, which involves spare parts and services, a business that Boeing and Airbus also are pursuing. Cedar Rapids, Iowa-based Rockwell Collins could benefit as leases expire on numerous widebody aircraft and the planes need interior upgrades that B/E Aerospace provides. B/E Aerospace earned 40 percent of its 2015 revenue from aftermarket sales and 23 percent from business jet sales. Aftermarket sales also would help offset weakness in other parts of the combined company. Rockwell sees sales to business jet and regional jet makers falling 10 percent to 15 percent in fiscal year 2017. (Reporting by Alwyn Scott Ediitng by W Simon) Next In Aerospace & Defense Boeing shares fall as United Airlines defers $5 billion order SEATTLE/BANGALORE Boeing Co shares fell on Tuesday after United Continental Holdings said it will defer jetliner orders worth nearly $5 billion as part of a cost-saving drive. Boeing to consolidate defense, space and security business Boeing Co , the world's biggest planemaker, said on Tuesday that it would close some plants and move jobs as it consolidates its business that makes military aircraft and weapons. Russia says its missile strikes did not hit Aleppo: Ifax MOSCOW Russia's Defence Ministry has said that Russian missile strikes did not hit the Syrian city of Aleppo on Tuesday, according to Interfax news agency. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories FOCUS 360 Video: Protesting Trump’s win Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Obituaries Sports Business Classifieds Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home E-Eagle Customer Service Customer Service Archives Buy Photos and Pages Contact Us Eagle+ Sign In Eagle Store Newsletters Newspaper in Education Subscribe Subscriber Services About Us News News Crime & Courts Local Databases Education Lottery Nation & World Politics Special Projects Weather Weird News Blogs & Columnists Finger on the Weather Prairie Politics Sports Sports Wichita State Chiefs High Schools K-State Kansas Outdoors Royals State Colleges Wingnuts NBC baseball Blogs & Columnists Bob Lutz Jayhawk Dispatch K-Stated Lutz Blog Michael Pearce Shockwaves Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Business Agribusiness Aviation Banking Health Care Small Business Blogs & Columnists Air Capital Insider Business Casual Business Perspectives Carrie Rengers Living Living Celebrations Family Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Religion Travel Blogs & Columnists Annie Calovich Suzanne Tobias Entertainment Entertainment The Arts Books Celebrities Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Restaurants Events Movies Music TV Blogs & Columnists Dining with Denise Movie Maniac Opinion Opinion Editorials Editorial Cartoons Letters Opinion Columns Submit a Letter Blogs & Columnists Richard Crowson Now Consider This Opinion Line Obituaries Classifieds Classifieds Apartments and Rentals Auctions/Estate Sales Garage Sales Jobs Legal Notices Public Notices Merchandise Pets Service Directory Place An Ad Place An Ad Merchandise Jobs Cars Homes Apartments Other Categories Classified Support Center Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Rentals Local Deals Aviation October 24, 2016 10:29 AM Rockwell to expand its aircraft footprint through acquisition Kelly Ortberg, chief executive officer of Rockwell Collins Inc., at the company’s production facility in in Manchester, Iowa, on Aug. 31, 2016. Daniel Acker Bloomberg i By Jerry Siebenmark jsiebenmark@wichitaeagle.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story A supplier of avionics to some Wichita-built business jets and turboprops is about to get much bigger in an $8.3 billion deal announced Sunday. Rockwell Collins – whose avionics can be found in some Bombardier and Cessna Citation business jets as well as Beechcraft King Airs – has entered a definitive agreement to acquire B/E Aerospace, whose products can be found throughout the passenger cabins of Boeing and Airbus jetliners. Rockwell and B/E also have local operations. Rockwell, at 2051 S. Airport Road, operates a service center that employs 155 people and works on Rockwell systems used in business jets and by regional airlines, a company spokeswoman said. B/E Aerospace operates an engineering center at 8110 E. 32nd St. North. Company officials could not be reached Monday for more details on the center that was opened in 2013 and that at one time employed 60 people. The deal includes $6.4 billion in cash and stock and the assumption of $1.9 billion in net debt, Cedar Rapids, Iowa-based Rockwell said in a news release. It also would expand Rockwell’s markets and, Rockwell officials hope, ease the company’s exposure to general aviation and business jet manufacturers’ production rate cycles. Florida-based B/E Aerospace’s products include aircraft seating, food and beverage preparation and storage equipment, lighting and oxygen systems, and modular galley and lavatory systems for commercial airliners and business jets. “B/E Aerospace has a leading position in nearly all the segments it serves and a highly visible, long-cycle backlog,” Rockwell CEO Kelly Ortberg said in the release. “Beyond new aircraft deliveries, its $12 billion installed base provides a strong flow of aftermarket retrofit opportunities that balances our current cyclical exposure to OEM production rates.” Rockwell expects the acquisition would result in a company with nearly 30,000 employees and $8.1 billion in annual revenue, based on information as of Sept. 30. The deal is expected to be completed in spring 2017. Jerry Siebenmark: 316-268-6576, @jsiebenmark Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Aviation Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 3:00 Trump vows to be a president for all Americans Pause 0:38 Spectators talk about seeing Doc fly for the first time 2:26 Crowd, volunteers rejoice as B-29 makes historic return to flight 1:26 Inside Doc's nose 1:25 First flight of Citation Longitude super-midsize jet 3:15 Whooping cranes at Texas Aransas National Wildlife Refuge 1:57 Wink Hartman Sr. may open downtown grocery 2:20 Grandma of KCK boy fed to pigs recites a message she wrote to her grandson 0:42 Supermoon over Wichita 3:49 How Westar sale affects Wichita Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 5 days ago Textron AirLand Scorpion in the air 1:35 5 days ago Textron AirLand Scorpion in the air 1:18 9 days ago Cessna Citation Longitude test pilot 0:45 10 days ago B-29 Doc lands at Eisenhower Airport for the first time View more video Aviation United changes up big Boeing 737 order Domestic flight cancellations hit all-time low With new pipeline, Spirit increases use of recycled water United aims at budget travelers with 'Basic Economy' fares National news show features ‘Doc’ Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Eagle Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Newsletters Advertising Information Digital Advertising Rates Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Eagle Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Newsletters Advertising Information Digital Advertising Rates Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Wall St touches two-week high on deals, strong earnings By Reuters Published: 11:18 EST, 24 October 2016 | Updated: 11:18 EST, 24 October 2016 e-mail By Tanya Agrawal Oct 24 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks touched their highest levels in two weeks as a flurry of deal activity and strong quarterly earnings boosted investor confidence. AT&T was down 1.2 percent at $37.03 after the telecommunications company said it would buy Time Warner Inc for $85.4 billion. If approved by regulators, this would be the biggest deal in the world this year. Time Warner Inc was down 1.8 percent at $87.84. Investors are also parsing quarterly earnings reports from companies. More than a third of the S&P 500 components are scheduled to report earnings this week, including heavyweights such as Apple and Boeing. "M&A activity is generally seen as a bullish trend for the market," said Randy Frederick, managing director of trading and derivatives for Charles Schwab in Austin, Texas. "It's also been a pretty good quarter for earnings so far and we might finally see the end of earnings recession. If you look at the companies that have reported so far, most of them have outperformed the long-term average in profit and revenue." Third-quarter earnings are expected to increase 1.1 percent after four consecutive quarters of contraction, according to Thomson Reuters data. Of the 120 S&P companies that have reported earnings, 77.5 percent have beat analyst expectations, above the long-term average of 63.5 percent. At 10:56 a.m. ET (1456 GMT), the Dow Jones industrial average was up 85.19 points, or 0.47 percent, at 18,230.9, the S&P 500 was up 10.32 points, or 0.48 percent, at 2,151.48 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 46.63 points, or 0.89 percent, at 5,304.04. Nine of the 11 major S&P sectors were higher, with technology index's 0.87 percent rise leading the advancers. The dollar index was little changed at 98.72 against a basket of major currencies, after touching its highest level since early February, last week. A strong dollar could dent the earnings of large multinationals. Genworth Financial was down 9.9 percent at $4.69 after little-known China Oceanwide Holdings Group pledged $3.8 billion in a deal to take control of the U.S. insurer. TD Ameritrade fell 2.4 percent to $36.20 after it said it would buy privately held Scottrade Financial Services in a deal valued at $4 billion. B/E Aerospace jumped 15.4 percent to $58.43 after aircraft component maker Rockwell Collins said it would buy the company in a deal valued at $6.4 billion plus the assumption of $1.9 billion in debt. Rockwell was down 5.7 percent at $79.64. Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,893 to 920. On the Nasdaq, 1,808 issues rose and 768 fell. The S&P 500 index showed 17 new 52-week highs and two new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 92 new highs and 25 new lows. (Reporting by Tanya Agrawal; Editing by Don Sebastian) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Clinton and a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame Looked stunning  'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Menu Home About/Contact Privacy Policy Staff Follow Home World U.S. Business Entertainment Technology Sports Science Health Education Home » Headlines » Business » Structural Electronics Market – United States Market Outlook, Forecasts 2016 by Acute Market Reports Structural Electronics Market – United States Market Outlook, Forecasts 2016 by Acute Market Reports By poonam   /   Monday, 24 Oct 2016 06:22AM   /   Comments Off on Structural Electronics Market – United States Market Outlook, Forecasts 2016 by Acute Market Reports   /   106 views share Notes: Sales, means the sales volume of Structural Electronics Revenue, means the sales value of Structural Electronics This report studies sales (consumption) of Structural Electronics in USA market, focuses on the top players, with sales, price, revenue and market share for each player, covering Boeing Canatu Faradair Aerospace Local Motors Neotech Odyssian Technology Paper Battery Co. Pavegen smart paving Soligie Browse full report with TOC @ http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/united-states-structural-electronics-market-report-2016   TactoTek T-Ink Split by product types, with sales, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into Type I Type II Type III Split by applications, this report focuses on sales, market share and growth rate of Structural Electronics in each application, can be divided into Application 1 Application 2 Application 3 View all reports of this category @  http://www.acutemarketreports.com/category/semiconductors-market    Table Of Content 1.Structural Electronics Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Structural Electronics 1.2 Classification of Structural Electronics 1.2.1 Type I 1.2.2 Type II 1.2.3 Type III 1.3 Application of Structural Electronics 1.3.1 Application 1 1.3.2 Application 2 1.3.3 Application 3 1.4 USA Market Size Sales (Value) and Revenue (Volume) of Structural Electronics (2011-2021) Blog URL – http://www.deepresearchreport.com/ 2 USA Structural Electronics Competition by Manufacturers 2.1 USA Structural Electronics Sales and Market Share of Key Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) 2.2 USA Structural Electronics Revenue and Share by Manufactures (2015 and 2016) 2.3 USA Structural Electronics Average Price by Manufactures (2015 and 2016) 2.4 Structural Electronics Market Competitive Situation and Trends 2.4.1 Structural Electronics Market Concentration Rate 2.4.2 Structural Electronics Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers 2.4.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion About Acute Market Reports Acute Market Reports is the most sufficient collection of market intelligence services online. It is your only source that can fulfill all your market research requirements. Acute Market Reports provide online reports from over 100 best publishers and upgrade Acute Market Reports collection regularly to offer you direct online access to the world’s most comprehensive and recent database with expert perceptions on worldwide industries, products, establishments and trends. Acute Market Reports database consists of 200,000+ market research reports with detailed & minute market research. For More Information Click Here – Acute Market Reports Contact: Chris Paul Office No 01, 1st Floor, Aditi Mall, Baner, Pune, MH, 411045 India Phone (India): +91 7755981103 Toll Free (US/Canada):  +1-855-455-8662 Email:  sales@acutemarketreports.com Share this: Share on Tumblr Power Management IC (PMIC) Market – United States Market Size, Outlook 2016 by Acute Market Reports < Previous Self-driving Vehicle Actuator Market – United States Market Trends, Outlook 2016 by Acute Market Reports Next > Recommended stories you may like: 3D Bioprinters Market: Global market Analysis, Market Outlook and Strategies to 2023 Global Krill Oil Market to 2023 Forecast Report Available Now at Credence Research Global Food Service Disposables Market to 2023 Forecast Report Available Now at Credence Research Global Furniture Logistics Market to 2023 Forecast Report Available Now at Credence Research Connect with us Latest News Global 3D Printing market is estimated to expand with a CAGR of 15.3% from 2016 to 2023.Nov 15, 2016, Comments Off on Global 3D Printing market is estimated to expand with a CAGR of 15.3% from 2016 to 2023. Global 3D Concrete Printing market is estimated to expand with a CAGR of 14.6% from 2016 to 2023.Nov 15, 2016, Comments Off on Global 3D Concrete Printing market is estimated to expand with a CAGR of 14.6% from 2016 to 2023. 3D Bioprinters Market: Global market Analysis, Market Outlook and Strategies to 2023Nov 15, 2016, Comments Off on 3D Bioprinters Market: Global market Analysis, Market Outlook and Strategies to 2023 Global Krill Oil Market to 2023 Forecast Report Available Now at Credence ResearchNov 15, 2016, Comments Off on Global Krill Oil Market to 2023 Forecast Report Available Now at Credence Research Global Heart Health Supplements Market to 2023 Forecast Report Available Now at Credence ResearchNov 15, 2016, Comments Off on Global Heart Health Supplements Market to 2023 Forecast Report Available Now at Credence Research Global Food Service Disposables Market to 2023 Forecast Report Available Now at Credence ResearchNov 15, 2016, Comments Off on Global Food Service Disposables Market to 2023 Forecast Report Available Now at Credence Research Global Furniture Logistics Market to 2023 Forecast Report Available Now at Credence ResearchNov 15, 2016, Comments Off on Global Furniture Logistics Market to 2023 Forecast Report Available Now at Credence Research 1, 3 Diphenylguanidine Market: Global Industry Analysis, Market Outlook and Strategies to 2023Nov 15, 2016, Comments Off on 1, 3 Diphenylguanidine Market: Global Industry Analysis, Market Outlook and Strategies to 2023 Global Food Processing Machinery Market to 2023 Forecast Report Available Now at Credence ResearchNov 15, 2016, Comments Off on Global Food Processing Machinery Market to 2023 Forecast Report Available Now at Credence Research Global Healthcare 3D printing Market is estimated to expand with a CAGR of 17.5% from 2016 to 2023.Nov 15, 2016, Comments Off on Global Healthcare 3D printing Market is estimated to expand with a CAGR of 17.5% from 2016 to 2023. Other Media Sites Mobile Computing Today PDF Devices © Copyright 2015 Run Direct Magazine. All Rights Reserved.
Toggle Navigation A-   A+ Sign in News   Stock Home «Back Wall St set to open higher as M&A activity boosts confidence Reuters |  Oct 24, 2016 06:45 PM IST By Tanya Agrawal REUTERS - Wall Street looked set to open higher on Monday as a flurry of deal activity boosted investor confidence. AT&T was down 1.7 percent at $36.84 in premarket trading after the telecommunications company said it would buy Time Warner Inc for $85.4 billion. If approved by regulators, this would be the biggest deal in the world this year. Time Warner Inc was down 0.94 percent at $88.64. "We're looking at a higher opening today with the M&A activity helping the market," said Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at First Standard Financial. "The deal activity suggests that companies are feeling positive about the prospects of the economy and that is encouraging. A softer dollar is also helping things a little bit this morning." Investors will also be parsing through quarterly earnings reports from companies. More than a third of the S&P 500 components are scheduled to report earnings this week, including heavyweights such as Apple and Boeing. Third-quarter earnings are expected to increase 1.1 percent from a year earlier, according to Thomson Reuters data. Of the 116 S&P companies that have reported earnings so far, 79 percent have beat analyst expectations, above the long-term average of 64 percent. S&P 500 e-minis were up 9.5 points, or 0.45 percent, with 123,145 contracts traded at 8:24 a.m. ET (1224 GMT). Nasdaq 100 e-minis were up 29.25 points, or 0.6 percent, on volume of 22,036 contracts. Dow e-minis were up 80 points, or 0.44 percent, with 23,063 contracts changing hands. The dollar index was slightly lower at 98.62 against a basket of major currencies, after touching its highest level since early February last week. A strong dollar could dent the earnings of large multinationals. The S&P 500 and the Dow closed little changed and the Nasdaq advanced on Friday as a record day for Microsoft and earnings from McDonald's helped offset a fall in energy and healthcare shares. Genworth Financial was up 1.7 percent at $5.3 in heavy premarket trading on Monday after little-known China Oceanwide Holdings Group pledged $3.8 billion in a deal to take control of the U.S. insurer. TD Ameritrade rose 0.3 percent to $37.21 after it said it would buy privately held Scottrade Financial Services in a deal valued at $4 billion. B/E Aerospace jumped 16.6 percent to $59.01 after aircraft component maker Rockwell Collins said it would buy the company in a deal valued at $6.4 billion plus the assumption of $1.9 billion in debt. Rockwell was down 1.3 percent at $83.50. Oil prices fell on Monday as Iraq said it wanted to be exempt from an OPEC deal to cut production, though losses were capped by Iran saying it would encourage other members to join an output freeze. [O/R] A host of Federal Reserve members are scheduled to speak on Monday, including New York Fed President William Dudley, Fed Governor Jerome Powell, St. Louis Fed President James Bullard and Chicago Fed President Charles Evans. (Reporting by Tanya Agrawal; Editing by Don Sebastian) Advertisement << Previous Article   «Back Ad Ad Most Read No stay on demonetisation, SC says govt cannot have surgical strike against people Demonetisation: Pune think tank advised Modi, suggested scrapping income tax too Rupee, earnings, macro data: Why Sensex slumped over 514 points today Demonetisation impact: Parallel black economy may be emerging Major bank union threatens to 'review' cooperation to demonetisation More From Current Affairs Snapchat files for one of the biggest tech IPOs in years - sources Exxon in negotiations with Chad over record $74 billion fine - Bloomberg Snapchat files for one of the biggest tech IPOs in years -sources Toilets, trade and towns; boom time for Asia's plastic makers Ahead of pipeline ruling, Canada says it wants Asia exports [ more ] Top Stories Ban on construction, demolition lifted after pollution level drops in Delhi Petrol price cut by Rs 1.46 per litre, diesel by Rs 1.53 per litre Demonetisation blues make markets see red Tata Global removes Mistry as chairman Modi protecting corporate friends: Kejriwal [ more ] Markets Demonetisation blues make markets see red MSCI includes eight newly listed firms Demonetisation: What the experts say Hyderabad's onion market halts operations due to cash crunch Demonetisation hits seafood exporters as fears of order cancellation grow [ more ] Companies JM Financial subsidiary buys 17.5% stake in India Home Loan Tata Global removes Mistry as chairman GAIL's net profit rockets 180% WhatsApp launches video calling to take on FaceTime, Google Duo, Skype Flipkart, Snapdeal might give IIM, IIT placements a miss [ more ] Opinion Improving margin to up Aurobindo earnings Tata Motors pipeline to support volume growth The show must go on Singing a different tune An unusual trip [ more ] Latest News Dollar hits at 11-month high on upbeat data Trump a natural ally if he fights 'terror', says Assad Explain how you will deal with cash chaos, SC asks government Ban on construction, demolition lifted after pollution level drops in Delhi Petrol price cut by Rs 1.46 per litre, diesel by Rs 1.53 per litre [ more ] Today's Paper Demonetisation blues make markets see red Tata Global removes Mistry as chairman JM Financial subsidiary buys 17.5% stake in India Home Loan GAIL's net profit rockets 180% Flipkart, Snapdeal might give IIM, IIT placements a miss [ more ] News you can use Gold: Lacking lustre in the short term Be wary of buying and selling in secondary market Some relief for home buyers as more rate wars are in the offing Real estate law: Too soon to celebrate Free lounge access, movie tickets and more: Credit cards offer benefits but don't miss the caveats Home gym in your budget [ more ]    X Share Box Permalink http://mybs.in/2TIV6ue Home Today's Paper Top Stories US Election 2016 Latest News Market News Market Data Companies Economy & Policy Opinion Finance Personal Finance Current Affairs Politics Technology General News International Management Weekend Portfolio Have Your Say Ask Expert Photo Gallery Columnists Videos B2B Connect Live Chat Top Stories Market News Market Data Companies Opinion Economy & Policy Finance Jobs Politics Technology Personal Finance Current Affairs International Management Weekend B2B Connect General News General Photo Gallery Latest News Today's Paper Videos About Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyrights © 2016 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved | View Desktop Site
null
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Defense Terrorists have a cheap new weapon that's surprisingly simple to deploy Jeff Daniels | @jeffdanielsca Monday, 24 Oct 2016 | 10:08 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters <p>ISIS may use drones as weapons</p> <p>The terrorist group could be using conventional drones to deliver explosives.</p> ISIS may use drones as weapons    Monday, 24 Oct 2016 | 11:47 AM ET | 00:33 The U.S. has been using a drone missile campaign to fight terrorists. Now, ISIS has turned the tables and scored success by using booby-trapped drones as its own weapons. The terror group's ability to innovate and use small aircraft for nefarious purposes underscores how the off-the-shelf drone technology could supply extremists with a potent platform on our own soil to deliver explosives. Moreover, there is evidence that international terrorists have looked at other ways to weaponize drones and "have been attracted to the high-lethality potential associated with the use of chemical and biological weapons," according to a report released Thursday by the Combating Terrorism Center at the U.S. Military Academy at West Point "It's an ongoing game of cat and mouse between the offense and defense like you see in a lot of military areas" -Andrew Hunter, Center for Strategic and International Studies "We have to be poised and ready on the U.S. side to innovate whenever a new threat appears, and this is definitely a new threat," said Andrew Hunter, director of the defense-industrial initiatives group at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, a defense think tank. Islamic State has increasingly been using drones for surveillance and for attempted attacks on the battlefield, particularly against Iraqi forces, according to experts. Earlier this month, a small drone killed two Kurdish soldiers fighting the terror group when an explosive-laden craft unexpectedly detonated after being downed. "It's an ongoing game of cat and mouse between the offense and defense like you see in a lot of military areas," said Hunter. "People have seen this coming. It's sort of a natural extension of the whole IED [or improvised explosive device] threat." Enemy drone swarms In July, the U.S. Army issued a new handbook to raise troop awareness of the threat of multiple swarming drones. "They can be preprogrammed or remotely piloted as an expendable asset at relatively low cost," it stated. "The swarm itself can be used to disrupt our own reconnaissance efforts or overwhelm an entry control point." The military is taking the threat seriously and expects the use of hostile drones to continue. "Coalition forces understand that ISIL is a determined, adaptive and unscrupulous adversary," said a Department of Defense spokesman in a statement. "There is a wide array of technology angles we are looking into — from blocking the electromagnetic spectrum and disrupting control of the device, to physically capturing or disabling the device." Taking 'appropriate precautions' Additionally, the DoD spokesman said they are taking "appropriate precautions to protect Coalition forces and our partners on the ground from the full spectrum of threats in the operating environment so that they can carry out their mission of training, advising and assisting indigenous forces in Iraq and Syria as they work to deliver ISIL a lasting defeat." Closer to home, the threat of a domestic terrorist using an inexpensive hobby drone in an urban area remains real. It's not just for the use of deadly payloads but the Combating Terrorism Center report also discusses how drones could be used "as a diversionary device to channel a crowd to another location where attackers could be lying in wait." "The Department of Homeland Security has ongoing research and development efforts focused on the detection, tracking and interdiction of small Unmanned Aerial Systems," Patrick Carrick, the director of the federal government's Homeland Security Advanced Research Projects Agency within the Department of Homeland Security, said in a statement. Experts suggest that the unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) pose a nuisance threat, too. Rogue drones have been detected around stadiums, nuclear plants, prisons and even interfered with fire emergencies. There also have been drone intrusions in sensitive government locations in the nation's capital, including on the White House lawn. We have ways to deal with the UAV threat, and major U.S. defense companies already known for big-ticket defense systems are active participants in selling the newest anti-drone technology. "There is a need to roll things out here in the U.S. while we're also protecting our soldiers internationally," said Doug Booth, Lockheed Martin's director of business development for cyber and electronic warfare. Lockheed Martin has two anti-drone systems. One, a Star Wars-like laser weapon technology has not been field tested yet. Another is what's known as Icarus, a non-kinetic system that has been fielded and designed to detect, recognize and intercept drones. Source: Boeing Boeing’s anti-drone Compact Laser Weapons System. According to Booth, Lockheed has "a classified customer" for the Icarus system and has conducted several other field exercises for additional customers who are "getting ready to obtain the system." Meanwhile, Boeing shot down its first UAV during a 2007 test aboard a combat vehicle. The company has since made its new drone-killing technology — known as Compact Laser Weapons System — more portable and has demonstrated how it can track and disable UAVs. "We've tried to reduce the size, weight and the footprint of these laser weapons to try to get them down into a size that is more applicable to a modern battlefield," said Rich Choppa, Boeing's director of global sales and marketing for strategic missiles and defense systems. In April, Boeing mounted the anti-drone device on a Stryker armored vehicle made by General Dynamics and shot down over 20 UAVs. Choppa said the test included other targets, and pointed out that it was done at the request of the U.S. Army. "We're on the cusp of the first purchase by the military of these types of systems," said Choppa. "I believe we'll see them on the battlefield." Elsewhere, Raytheon demonstrated a laser weapon system in 2010 that destroyed four drones; it has shown missiles can do the job, too. In addition, there's a Phalanx rapid-fire weapon system capable of countering UAVs. The defense contractor declined comment for this story. Source: Battelle Battelle’s DroneDefender, an anti-drone weapon that can bring down UAVs. There also are several international companies at the forefront of new anti-drone tech. SkyWall, from U.K.-based OpenWorks Engineering, uses a shoulder-mounted weapon that fires a projectile with a net to capture drones. Then there's a "kamikaze" solution known as the Hero-30 from UVision, an Israeli company that uses a suicide drone to find UAV targets and rams into them. Yet another anti-drone system is the Battelle DroneDefender, which uses a radio-jamming "rifle" that severs the link between the drone and controller. DroneDefender could be useful to local and state public safety agencies but the defense contractor said current U.S. law makes electronic jamming illegal to those groups, and only certain federal departments can purchase or use the system. "We have a lot of interest from others, but currently we're not allowed to sell to those folks," said Dan Stamm, one of the inventors of the DroneDefender and manager of counter UAS programs for Battelle. About 100 of the jammer units have been sold to the Pentagon and Department of Homeland Security, according to the Ohio-based contractor. A newcomer in the anti-drone market is SkySafe, which is developing its own disruptive technology for taking down drones. In April, the startup raised $3 million in funding from an investor group led by venture capital firm Andreessen Horowitz. SkySafe's website says the California-based company is currently seeking testing partners. Jeff DanielsCoordinating Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change LMT --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Equity US STOCKS-Wall St opens higher as M&A activity boosts confidence US STOCKS-Wall St opens higher as M&A activity boosts confidence Source : Last Updated: Mon, Oct 24, 2016 19:40 hrs Tweet Mail Print * AT&T falls after saying it will buy Time Warner Inc * B/E Aerospace jumps after Rockwell Collins deal * Several Fed members scheduled to speak during the day * Indexes up: Dow 0.66 pct, S&P 0.54 pct, Nasdaq 0.67 pct (Updates to open) By Tanya Agrawal Oct 24 (Reuters) - Wall Street opened higher on Monday as a flurry of deal activity boosted investor confidence. AT&T was down 2.5 percent at $36.51 after the telecommunications company said it would buy Time Warner Inc for $85.4 billion. If approved by regulators, this would be the biggest deal in the world this year. Time Warner Inc was down 2.1 percent at $87.53. "The deal activity suggests that companies are feeling positive about the prospects of the economy and that is encouraging," said Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at First Standard Financial. Investors will also parse quarterly earnings reports from companies. More than a third of the S&P 500 components are scheduled to report earnings this week, including heavyweights such as Apple and Boeing. Third-quarter earnings are expected to increase 1.1 percent from a year earlier, according to Thomson Reuters data. Of the 116 S&P companies that have reported earnings so far, 79 percent have beat analyst expectations, above the long-term average of 64 percent. At 9:34 a.m. ET (1334 GMT), the Dow Jones industrial average was up 119.09 points, or 0.66 percent, at 18,264.8, the S&P 500 was up 11.65 points, or 0.54 percent, at 2,152.81 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 35.32 points, or 0.67 percent, at 5,292.72. Nine of the 11 major S&P sectors were higher, with industrials index's 0.78 percent rise leading the advancers. The dollar index was slightly lower at 98.60 against a basket of major currencies, after touching its highest level since early February, last week. A strong dollar could dent the earnings of large multinationals. Genworth Financial was down 5.4 percent at $4.93 after little-known China Oceanwide Holdings Group pledged $3.8 billion in a deal to take control of the U.S. insurer. TD Ameritrade fell 1.9 percent to $36.42 after it said it would buy privately held Scottrade Financial Services in a deal valued at $4 billion. B/E Aerospace jumped 16.2 percent to $58.80 after aircraft component maker Rockwell Collins said it would buy the company in a deal valued at $6.4 billion plus the assumption of $1.9 billion in debt. Rockwell was down 3 percent at $81.90. Oil prices fell as Iraq said it wanted to be exempt from an OPEC deal to cut production, though losses were capped by Iran saying it would encourage other members to join an output freeze. A host of Federal Reserve members are scheduled to speak on Monday, including Fed Governor Jerome Powell, St. Louis Fed President James Bullard and Chicago Fed President Charles Evans. Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 2,090 to 563. On the Nasdaq, 1,654 issues rose and 533 fell. The S&P 500 index showed 11 new 52-week highs and no new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 54 new highs and 14 new lows. (Reporting by Tanya Agrawal; Editing by Don Sebastian) SEARCH About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Wall St opens higher as M&A activity boosts confidence By Reuters Published: 09:56 EST, 24 October 2016 | Updated: 09:56 EST, 24 October 2016 e-mail By Tanya Agrawal Oct 24 (Reuters) - Wall Street opened higher on Monday as a flurry of deal activity boosted investor confidence. AT&T was down 2.5 percent at $36.51 after the telecommunications company said it would buy Time Warner Inc for $85.4 billion. If approved by regulators, this would be the biggest deal in the world this year. Time Warner Inc was down 2.1 percent at $87.53. "The deal activity suggests that companies are feeling positive about the prospects of the economy and that is encouraging," said Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at First Standard Financial. Investors will also parse quarterly earnings reports from companies. More than a third of the S&P 500 components are scheduled to report earnings this week, including heavyweights such as Apple and Boeing. Third-quarter earnings are expected to increase 1.1 percent from a year earlier, according to Thomson Reuters data. Of the 116 S&P companies that have reported earnings so far, 79 percent have beat analyst expectations, above the long-term average of 64 percent. At 9:34 a.m. ET (1334 GMT), the Dow Jones industrial average was up 119.09 points, or 0.66 percent, at 18,264.8, the S&P 500 was up 11.65 points, or 0.54 percent, at 2,152.81 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 35.32 points, or 0.67 percent, at 5,292.72. Nine of the 11 major S&P sectors were higher, with industrials index's 0.78 percent rise leading the advancers. The dollar index was slightly lower at 98.60 against a basket of major currencies, after touching its highest level since early February, last week. A strong dollar could dent the earnings of large multinationals. Genworth Financial was down 5.4 percent at $4.93 after little-known China Oceanwide Holdings Group pledged $3.8 billion in a deal to take control of the U.S. insurer. TD Ameritrade fell 1.9 percent to $36.42 after it said it would buy privately held Scottrade Financial Services in a deal valued at $4 billion. B/E Aerospace jumped 16.2 percent to $58.80 after aircraft component maker Rockwell Collins said it would buy the company in a deal valued at $6.4 billion plus the assumption of $1.9 billion in debt. Rockwell was down 3 percent at $81.90. Oil prices fell as Iraq said it wanted to be exempt from an OPEC deal to cut production, though losses were capped by Iran saying it would encourage other members to join an output freeze. A host of Federal Reserve members are scheduled to speak on Monday, including Fed Governor Jerome Powell, St. Louis Fed President James Bullard and Chicago Fed President Charles Evans. Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 2,090 to 563. On the Nasdaq, 1,654 issues rose and 533 fell. The S&P 500 index showed 11 new 52-week highs and no new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 54 new highs and 14 new lows. (Reporting by Tanya Agrawal; Editing by Don Sebastian) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Clinton and a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame Looked stunning  'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
Skip to content Menu Local News Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Boeing & Aerospace Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Boeing & Aerospace Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Boeing & Aerospace Login Subscribe Boeing & Aerospace Business Alaska Air confident of completing Virgin America deal Originally published October 20, 2016 at 7:05 am Updated October 20, 2016 at 5:04 pm A Virgin America A319 Airbus taxies past an Alaska Airlines 737 at Seattle Tacoma International Airport. Alaska Air said its third-quarter profit fell because of costs related to its planned merger with Virgin. (Mike Siegel/The Seattle Times) Alaska Air Group’s profit fell in the third quarter as it was hit with costs related to its planned purchase of Virgin America. CEO Brad Tilden said he’s “very confident” the $2.6 billion deal will go through, despite a last-minute extension of a regulatory review. Share story By Dominic Gates Seattle Times aerospace reporter Alaska Air Group CEO Brad Tilden said Thursday he remains “very confident” the company’s proposed $2.6 billion purchase of Virgin America will go through, despite a last-minute extension of an antitrust review by the U.S. Department of Justice. “We were hoping to get this done a couple of weeks ago. We’re not there quite yet,” Tilden said. “Our hope is we’ll have antitrust clearance soon.” The merger was announced in April. If the Justice Department grants approval, Tilden said the financing is in place and the deal can close quickly. He said he looks forward to the combination making Alaska “an airline with a national footprint and an unmatched ability to serve West Coast travelers.” Most Read Stories ‘Deadliest Catch’ cast member Jake Harris hospitalized; police investigating attack What the national media are saying about Seahawks' 'magnificent' win over Patriots Patriots' Rob Gronkowski has punctured lung according to one report Should California, Oregon and Washington join Canada? #Calexit talk envelops West Coast 5,000 Seattle-area students walk out of class to protest election of Trump  WATCHUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. Tilden spoke as Alaska announced third-quarter earnings, which showed net profit down due to costs related to the planned merger. He also noted that due to activity around the Virgin transaction, Alaska has agreed with Boeing to postpone the introduction of its first 737 MAX model from next fall to early 2018. “With so much going on, we wanted more time to bring it into service,” Tilden said. Still, Alaska’s fleet continues to modernize and to grow rapidly as it replaces its older 737-400 jets with larger 737-900ERs. This year, Alaska is adding 19 of those new jets while retiring 10 older models. Next year, it will take a dozen more of the new 737s and retire the last 16 of the older models. The new jets bring the airline much greater fuel efficiency. On a teleconference about the quarter’s results, Chief Financial Officer Brandon Pedersen said that though the 737-900ER has 37 more seats than the 737-400, it burns 910 gallons of fuel per flight hour compared with 940 gallons per flight hour on the older jet. The -900ER “sips fuel like a Prius with wings,” Pedersen said. Andrew Harrison, Alaska’s chief commercial officer, said the airline turned in a solid financial performance in the third quarter. Revenue rose 3.4 percent to $1.6 billion during the quarter, which Harrison contrasted with a revenue contraction in the rest of the airline industry. He said Alaska was able to keep its planes as full as ever despite growing its seat capacity and ever-increasing competition in its markets, not only from Delta — its main rival at Sea-Tac International Airport — but also from American Airlines and low-cost carrier Spirit Airlines. However, competition has lowered fares, so Alaska like other carriers is seeing a reduction in a key financial-performance metric — unit revenue, or the revenue collected per mile for each seat. Unit revenue is down more than 4 percent to 13.97 cents per available seat mile, compared with 14.61 cents a year ago. Alaska’s net profit in the quarter was $256 million, or $2.07 a share, down from $274 million, or $2.14 per share, last year. Excluding $22 million in merger-related costs and smaller fuel-hedge adjustments, net profit was $272 million, or $2.20 per diluted share. The total was slightly down from an adjusted net profit a year ago of $277 million. However, due to a buyback of 5 million shares in the quarter, the adjusted per-share profit was up just shy of 2 percent from $2.16 a year ago. Adjusted net earnings per share beat the consensus estimate among Wall Street analysts, which according to data from First Call was $2.09 per share. Alaska’s shares rose $1.83, or 2.49 percent, Thursday, closing at $75.29. Harrison also gave an update on the plan to introduce a premium class on some Alaska routes — offering extra leg room and other benefits at an additional cost. He said 61 jets will be converted by year-end and Alaska will start selling premium-class tickets in early November for travel starting Jan. 5. Dominic Gates: 206-464-2963 or dgates@seattletimes.com Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story Hard crash-landing may have wrecked Europe’s Mars probe Previous Story Robot pilots may someday fly passenger and cargo planes Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2016 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Back to the story
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Equity US STOCKS-Wall St set to open higher as M&A activity boosts confidence US STOCKS-Wall St set to open higher as M&A activity boosts confidence Source : Last Updated: Mon, Oct 24, 2016 18:40 hrs Tweet Mail Print * AT&T falls after saying it will buy Time Warner Inc * B/E Aerospace jumps after Rockwell Collins deal * Several Fed members scheduled to speak during the day * Futures up: Dow 80 pts, S&P 9.5 pts, Nasdaq 29.25 pts (Adds details, comments, updates prices) By Tanya Agrawal Oct 24 (Reuters) - Wall Street looked set to open higher on Monday as a flurry of deal activity boosted investor confidence. AT&T was down 1.7 percent at $36.84 in premarket trading after the telecommunications company said it would buy Time Warner Inc for $85.4 billion. If approved by regulators, this would be the biggest deal in the world this year. Time Warner Inc was down 0.94 percent at $88.64. "We're looking at a higher opening today with the M&A activity helping the market," said Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at First Standard Financial. "The deal activity suggests that companies are feeling positive about the prospects of the economy and that is encouraging. A softer dollar is also helping things a little bit this morning." Investors will also be parsing through quarterly earnings reports from companies. More than a third of the S&P 500 components are scheduled to report earnings this week, including heavyweights such as Apple and Boeing. Third-quarter earnings are expected to increase 1.1 percent from a year earlier, according to Thomson Reuters data. Of the 116 S&P companies that have reported earnings so far, 79 percent have beat analyst expectations, above the long-term average of 64 percent. S&P 500 e-minis were up 9.5 points, or 0.45 percent, with 123,145 contracts traded at 8:24 a.m. ET (1224 GMT). Nasdaq 100 e-minis were up 29.25 points, or 0.6 percent, on volume of 22,036 contracts. Dow e-minis were up 80 points, or 0.44 percent, with 23,063 contracts changing hands. The dollar index was slightly lower at 98.62 against a basket of major currencies, after touching its highest level since early February last week. A strong dollar could dent the earnings of large multinationals. The S&P 500 and the Dow closed little changed and the Nasdaq advanced on Friday as a record day for Microsoft and earnings from McDonald's helped offset a fall in energy and healthcare shares. Genworth Financial was up 1.7 percent at $5.3 in heavy premarket trading on Monday after little-known China Oceanwide Holdings Group pledged $3.8 billion in a deal to take control of the U.S. insurer. TD Ameritrade rose 0.3 percent to $37.21 after it said it would buy privately held Scottrade Financial Services in a deal valued at $4 billion. B/E Aerospace jumped 16.6 percent to $59.01 after aircraft component maker Rockwell Collins said it would buy the company in a deal valued at $6.4 billion plus the assumption of $1.9 billion in debt. Rockwell was down 1.3 percent at $83.50. Oil prices fell on Monday as Iraq said it wanted to be exempt from an OPEC deal to cut production, though losses were capped by Iran saying it would encourage other members to join an output freeze. A host of Federal Reserve members are scheduled to speak on Monday, including New York Fed President William Dudley, Fed Governor Jerome Powell, St. Louis Fed President James Bullard and Chicago Fed President Charles Evans. (Reporting by Tanya Agrawal; Editing by Don Sebastian) SEARCH About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Indices Stock Quotes India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities Funds India Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Wall St opens higher as M&A activity boosts confidence Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Money News | Mon Oct 24, 2016 | 7:05pm IST Wall St opens higher as M&A activity boosts confidence Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York City, U.S., October 21, 2016. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid Wall Street opened higher on Monday as a flurry of merger activity boosted investor confidence. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 107.73 points, or 0.59 percent, to 18,253.44, the S&P 500 gained 9.69 points, or 0.45 percent, to 2,150.85 and the Nasdaq composite added 33.87 points, or 0.64 percent, to 5,291.27. (Reporting by Tanya Agrawal) Next In Money News Toilets, trade and towns; boom time for Asia's plastic makers From India's plan to plumb in over 100 million toilets in six years to China's ambitious new Silk Road network and the continued movement of millions of people into cities across Asia, plastic makers face years of strong demand. Cooling retail inflation bolsters rate cut hopes NEW DELHI India's retail inflation eased for a third straight month in October, helped by smaller rises in food prices, boosting the chances of an interest rate cut by the central bank next month. Vodafone takes $5 billion charge against new price war in India LONDON Mobile telecoms group Vodafone reported a first-half net loss of 5 billion euros ($5.5 billion) on Tuesday after writing down the value of its Indian business by the same amount due to the start of a price war sparked by a powerful new rival. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Editor's Pick Banks to use indelible ink to ensure people change cash only once Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Wall St set to open higher as M&A activity boosts confidence By Reuters Published: 08:55 EST, 24 October 2016 | Updated: 08:55 EST, 24 October 2016 e-mail By Tanya Agrawal Oct 24 (Reuters) - Wall Street looked set to open higher on Monday as a flurry of deal activity boosted investor confidence. AT&T was down 1.7 percent at $36.84 in premarket trading after the telecommunications company said it would buy Time Warner Inc for $85.4 billion. If approved by regulators, this would be the biggest deal in the world this year. Time Warner Inc was down 0.94 percent at $88.64. "We're looking at a higher opening today with the M&A activity helping the market," said Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at First Standard Financial. "The deal activity suggests that companies are feeling positive about the prospects of the economy and that is encouraging. A softer dollar is also helping things a little bit this morning." Investors will also be parsing through quarterly earnings reports from companies. More than a third of the S&P 500 components are scheduled to report earnings this week, including heavyweights such as Apple and Boeing. Third-quarter earnings are expected to increase 1.1 percent from a year earlier, according to Thomson Reuters data. Of the 116 S&P companies that have reported earnings so far, 79 percent have beat analyst expectations, above the long-term average of 64 percent. S&P 500 e-minis were up 9.5 points, or 0.45 percent, with 123,145 contracts traded at 8:24 a.m. ET (1224 GMT). Nasdaq 100 e-minis were up 29.25 points, or 0.6 percent, on volume of 22,036 contracts. Dow e-minis were up 80 points, or 0.44 percent, with 23,063 contracts changing hands. The dollar index was slightly lower at 98.62 against a basket of major currencies, after touching its highest level since early February last week. A strong dollar could dent the earnings of large multinationals. The S&P 500 and the Dow closed little changed and the Nasdaq advanced on Friday as a record day for Microsoft and earnings from McDonald's helped offset a fall in energy and healthcare shares. Genworth Financial was up 1.7 percent at $5.3 in heavy premarket trading on Monday after little-known China Oceanwide Holdings Group pledged $3.8 billion in a deal to take control of the U.S. insurer. TD Ameritrade rose 0.3 percent to $37.21 after it said it would buy privately held Scottrade Financial Services in a deal valued at $4 billion. B/E Aerospace jumped 16.6 percent to $59.01 after aircraft component maker Rockwell Collins said it would buy the company in a deal valued at $6.4 billion plus the assumption of $1.9 billion in debt. Rockwell was down 1.3 percent at $83.50. Oil prices fell on Monday as Iraq said it wanted to be exempt from an OPEC deal to cut production, though losses were capped by Iran saying it would encourage other members to join an output freeze. A host of Federal Reserve members are scheduled to speak on Monday, including New York Fed President William Dudley, Fed Governor Jerome Powell, St. Louis Fed President James Bullard and Chicago Fed President Charles Evans. (Reporting by Tanya Agrawal; Editing by Don Sebastian) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Clinton and a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame Looked stunning  'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE � Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Classifieds GNCars The UAE's first stop shop for buying and selling cars. GNCareers Give your career a boost. Find the best and latest jobs. GNClassifieds The site for buying and selling almost anything. GNproperty Region's leading property site for buying and renting. Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad App for Windows 8 The official Gulf News app for Microsoft's latest OS Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing App for Blackberry 10 Gulf News tailored for your Blackberry App for Windows 8 Tablet A native Gulf News tablet app for Windows 8 SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? SHARES AVIATION November 16, 2016 | Last updated 4 minutes ago ---- usd---- 24KGold--   Hot Topics: US Elections 2016 Gold Rate Weather Horoscope UAE holidays 2016 UAE News Business Data Equities Commodities Currencies top stories in Data Gold posts biggest price drop in months Surprise Trump win triggers massive gold buying Gold prices drop as Clinton gains ground Gold Rate Sectors16 Markets11 Automotives Banking1 Construction Employment1 Features General Investment1 Media3 Careers1 Energy2 Retail5 Shipping Technology2 Telecoms Tourism top stories in Sectors Over 1.3m guests check into Sharjah’s hotels Tesco recovery on with fastest sales growth Opec said to start final push on oil-cuts plan Aviation3 Live Flights top stories in Aviation EasyJet profit falls as currency woes take toll Berkshire bet on the biggest US airlines Etihad starts hiring additional crew Economy5 Property GN Property top stories in Property Hyatt to open four luxury hotel in Pakistan Union Properties profit at Dh32m in Q3 It’s all in the Trump name Money Visas Analysis3 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Rockwell Collins bets on smart jets with $6.4b B/E deal The acquisition of B/E Aerospace is the largest in the avionics company’s history, eclipsing its $1.39b takeover of Arinc Inc. in 2013 Image Credit: Bloomberg An employee (left) shows simulation systemat the Rockwell Collins Inc. booth during the Aero India air show last year.Rockwell’s investments are geared towards the smart plane era. Published: 15:47 October 24, 2016 Bloomberg   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE Chicago: Rockwell Collins Inc., with its $6.4 billion (Dh23.51 billion) takeover of B/E Aerospace Inc., is betting big that airplanes will get smarter as everything from lie-flat seats to toilet valves flash data in real time to airline crews and maintenance workers on the ground. The acquisition is the largest in the avionics company’s 83-year history, eclipsing its $1.39 billion takeover of Arinc Inc. in 2013. That deal, just 11 days after Kelly Ortberg was named chief executive officer, gave Rockwell Collins new ways to pipe data into airplanes. With B/E Aerospace, Ortberg gains the largest equipment supplier for aircraft cabins — and the chance to provide reams of new information to airline operators. “It sets us up for the future,” Ortberg said in an interview Sunday. “We’ve made major investments in next-generation airplanes. That trend is going to translate into the interiors of aircraft.” The transaction vastly broadens a product portfolio that has been centred on aircraft communications and computing equipment since Cedar Rapids, Iowa-based company was spun out of Rockwell International in 2001. The deal, which is slated to close in early 2017, is the latest in a spate of mergers involving suppliers to Boeing Co. and Airbus Group SE, which are squeezing suppliers as they brace for slower growth following a decade-long sales cycle. “It’s an opportunity to build a smarter plane,” Richard Aboulafia, an aerospaceanalyst at Teal Group, said by telephone. “Given the pricing pressure you’ll probably see more deals like this.” B/E Aerospace investors will get $34.10 in cash and $27.90 in shares of Rockwell Collins common stock, for a total consideration of $62 a share, the companies said in a statement Sunday. That’s a 23 per cent premium over B/E Aerospace’s closing price on Friday. With the assumption of $1.9 billion of debt, the purchase comes to $8.3 billion, according to the statement. Shares of Rockwell Collins have fallen 8.5 per cent this year, while B/E Aerospace gained almost 20 per cent.   Luxurious seats: B/E Aerospace is the largest supplier of aircraft cabin equipment, ranging from modular lavatories to luxurious seats as expensive as a Ferrari. On a pro-forma basis, the combined manufacturer would have had almost 30,000 employees, $8.1 billion in revenue and $1.9 billion in earnings before interest, taxes, debt and amortisation for the 12 months ended Sept. 30, 2016, according to the statement. There is virtually no overlap in the two companies’ product portfolios. “For the most part they are pretty complementary,” Aboulafia said. “Rockwell tends to be on the small planes. B/E on the bigger ones, particularly wide-bodies.” The savings flowing from the merger, pegged at about $160 million, would mostly come from combining suppliers and eliminating overlapping headquarters functions, Ortberg said. Those so-called synergies don’t include the potential boost to sales that would open up when the companies are combined, Ortberg said.   Smart cabin: Rockwell Collins has a base of business-aviation dealers that could offer to retrofit private jets with B/E Aerospace’s interiors. The Wellington, Florida-based company has very strong ties with airline customers that Rockwell Collins may be able to leverage to sell more of its avionics equipment and in-flight entertainment systems. The end result may translate to better in-flight service. For example, sensors in luxury seats in first- and business-class cabins, could notify flight attendants when a passenger is waking up on a long-haul flight and ready for a hot towel or glass of orange juice. “The smart cabin is here,” Amin Khoury, co-founder and chairman of B/E Aerospace, said in an interview Sunday. “It’s not something that may happen in the future. It’s happening now.”   Fourth-quarter earnings: Separately, Rockwell Collins said profit from continuing operations in its fiscal fourth quarter rose to $1.58 a share, up from $1.38 a year earlier, according to a statement on Sunday. Analysts expected adjusted earnings of $1.57, according to the average of 17 estimates compiled by Bloomberg. Sales in the period rose 4.4 per cent from a year earlier to $1.45 billion, trailing the average analyst estimate of $1.48 billion. Equipment sales were hurt by lower plane maker production rates, including Airbus’s A330 widebody jetliner, the company said. For its 2017 fiscal year, the company said it expects revenue between $5.3 billion and $5.4 billion — that’s on a stand-alone basis, and doesn’t account for the deal with B/E Aerospace. — Bloomberg More from Aviation EasyJet profit falls as currency woes take toll Berkshire bet on the biggest US airlines Etihad starts hiring additional crew Shaikh Mohammad Bin Zayed restructures Adac Passenger traffic at DWC up 161% Etihad Airways Engineering and Airbus sign MoU Best airlines to fly with in 2017 Air Arabia third quarter net profit rises 26% filed underGulfNewsBusinessAviation Also In AviationEasyJet profit falls as currency woes take toll Business Gallery Kish island turns to be a major tourism hub Pakistan, China launch new trade route Business Videos PlayStrata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedGalleriesVideos 01Etihad starts hiring additional crew 02Berkshire bet on the biggest US airlines 03Emirates retires last Airbus A330, A340 04Etihad Airways Engineering and Airbus sign MoU 05Shaikh Mohammad Bin Zayed restructures Adac 10Images Apple unveils Nike+ smartwatch Oct 29, 2016 1Image In pictures: Evolution of Emirates airline Oct 25, 2015 15Images Inside a Russian precious metals plant Oct 26, 2016 9Images In pictures: World Economic Forum 2010 Jan 28, 2010 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens Oct 01, 2016 Play Emirati who created 2 successful companies Jan 02, 2016 Play Britain is open for business Sep 20, 2016 Explore the UAE Find the right airport Currency Converter first-currency currencyAEDDinarRupee= first-currency currencyINRDinarRupee Most Popular on Gulf News Why expats risk fines to live in bed spaces 'Utter devastation' after New Zealand quakes Viral: Saudi man’s love poem to Ivanka Trump Your guide to tonight’s Supermoon Affordable housing under review in Dubai Best airlines to fly with in 2017 Emiratis in US warned of rising harrasment Indian embassy to take up expats’ rupee concerns New Rs500, Rs2,000 notes not in UAE Close Recommended For You UAE: 'We don't want to see any discrimination'PUBLISHED ON Nov 15, 2016 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
POLITICO Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Trump Transition Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Labor & Employment Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure PRO Already a Pro? Why Go Pro? Latest 50 50 50 New 11/15/16 06:15 PM EST Mike Rogers: Transition shake-up is part of campaign's 'natural course' By Madeline Conway Rogers dubs it "growing pains." 11/15/16 05:56 PM EST Donald Trump Cabinet members: List of choices, picks and selections so far By Andrew Restuccia The most controversial name on the transition’s current agriculture secretary short list is Sid Miller, the current secretary of agriculture in Texas. 11/15/16 05:53 PM EST Former NATO head to meet with Trump transition staff By Bryan Bender "I hope that we will manage to get strong contacts in due time with the new administration," Anders Fogh Rasmussen said. 11/15/16 05:50 PM EST Trump announces inauguration team leaders By Nolan D. McCaskill Tom Barrack will chair Trump's inauguration committee. 11/15/16 05:50 PM EST Mexican government gets ready for Trump’s deportation plans By Bianca Padró Ocasio Trump says his priority would be to deport undocumented immigrants who have criminal records. Updated 11/15/16 05:50 PM EST Schumer's leadership team in flux ahead of elections By Burgess Everett and Elana Schor Also unresolved is what Sen. Patty Murray will do. Presidential Transition 11/15/16 05:48 PM EST Power battles bog down Trump transition By Eli Stokols "It’s an absolute knife fight," said one Trump insider. "But that just makes it Tuesday." 11/15/16 05:46 PM EST Lynch urges Trump to press on with criminal justice reform By Josh Gerstein Loretta Lynch argued in a speech Tuesday that Trump's team should maintain the Justice Department's focus on combating bail and fine policies. 11/15/16 05:42 PM EST Assad: Syria and Trump can be 'natural allies' By Yousef Saba Assad said his expectations from Trump are low. 11/15/16 05:22 PM EST Reid says Trump has 'sparked a wave of hate crimes across America' By Elana Schor "I cannot believe anyone in this chamber wants to defend the hateful acts that are being committed in Trump’s name," Reid says. Updated 11/15/16 04:00 PM EST Democrats demand that Trump rescind Bannon appointment By Nolan D. McCaskill Rhode Island Rep. David Cicilline spearheaded the effort. 11/15/16 03:57 PM EST Ukraine president asks for 'resolute support' in call with Trump By Brent Griffiths President Petro Poroshenko stressed the "need for the Washington’s resolute support of Ukraine in countering the Russian aggression." Updated 11/15/16 03:44 PM EST Warren blasts Trump transition decisions, vows Dodd-Frank battle By Zachary Warmbrodt The Massachusetts senator slams President-elect Donald Trump's first decisions as president in a series of attacks. 11/15/16 03:41 PM EST NARAL chief weighs run for DNC chair By Daniel Strauss The operative added that so far "there don't seem to be any women" in the hunt for DNC chair. 11/15/16 03:33 PM EST Rep. Tim Ryan won't say whether he'll challenge Pelosi By Heather Caygle “I’m open and we’re all having conversations now,” Rep. Tim Ryan said in an interview. 11/15/16 03:31 PM EST Clinton’s lead in the popular vote passes 1 million By Madeline Conway Hillary Clinton's lead in the popular vote over President-elect Donald Trump has surpassed 1 million. Updated 11/15/16 03:25 PM EST House GOP unanimously nominates Paul Ryan for Speaker By Rachael Bade and Kyle Cheney Ryan ran unopposed for the post. 11/15/16 03:09 PM EST Stivers elected to chair NRCC Stivers will oversee election efforts for the 2018 cycle. Updated 11/15/16 03:00 PM EST Billionaire investor Ross said to be Commerce pick By Andrew Restuccia and Doug Palmer Ross is an economic adviser to Trump. Angela Merkel to run for fourth term: senior MP By Cynthia Kroet Appearing with Obama, Tsipras slams German-led austerity By David Herszenhorn 11/15/16 02:24 PM EST API’s Durbin succeeds Finkel By Isaac Arnsdorf GPG hires Thune’s Poteet — Blue Engine hires two — 9/11 families invoke Trump on JASTA 11/15/16 02:11 PM EST Kris Kobach explains Trump’s immigration math By Madeline Conway Kobach said that the definition of a deportable offense would need to broaden under Trump, to include “any felony." 11/15/16 02:03 PM EST Judge sets hearing Friday on delay in Trump University case By Josh Gerstein Trump's legal team filed a motion Saturday arguing that the "critical and all-consuming" duties of preparing for the presidency merit putting... 11/15/16 01:54 PM EST Tom Price being considered for HHS secretary By Jennifer Haberkorn and Rachael Bade The Georgia Republican, who chairs the House Budget Committee, was an early Trump supporter. White House 11/15/16 01:49 PM EST Bush aides could get a do-over in Trump administration By Nahal Toosi But some fear Trump's choice of Bush veterans could revive controversial practices like waterboarding. 11/15/16 01:36 PM EST Boehner 'would love to see' Paul Ryan run for president By Yousef Saba "He would make a great president,” he said. 11/15/16 01:35 PM EST South Carolina party chair: I have the red-state experience Democrats need By Brent Griffiths Harrison formally announced his candidacy on Monday. 11/15/16 01:21 PM EST Rep. Boustany endorses Kennedy in Louisiana Senate runoff By Kevin Robillard and Burgess Everett "Republicans who care about the future of our country need a Republican in the Senate who will work with Donald Trump to roll back the failed liberal... Updated 11/15/16 01:20 PM EST Rand Paul: 'I’ll do whatever it takes' to stop Bolton from being secretary of state By Katie Glueck and Brent Griffiths Bolton, who served in the George W. Bush administration as ambassador to the United Nations, is a leading Republican hawk. 11/15/16 01:16 PM EST McCain to Trump: Don't cozy up to Putin By Bryan Bender McCain, though, was adamant that cozying up to Putin after Russia's recent actions would be folly. 11/15/16 01:03 PM EST Conway: Keeping Bannon from public a strategic decision 11/15/16 01:01 PM EST South Carolina party chair jumps into DNC race 11/15/16 12:47 PM EST Obama: I'm not responsible for Trump 11/15/16 12:47 PM EST Obama: Congress stopped me from helping Trump supporters 11/15/16 12:32 PM EST Obama, grappling with Trump's win, takes the long view By Edward-Isaac Dovere The president says he's not to blame for the election results -- but suggests Trump will ultimately fail. 11/15/16 12:22 PM EST Ryan waves off Bannon queries By Rachael Bade “I’m not looking backwards; I’m looking forward,” Ryan responded. 11/15/16 12:19 PM EST Election Aftermath: The New Politics of Trade 11/15/16 12:15 PM EST Playback: President-elect Trump’s first TV interview 11/15/16 12:02 PM EST Donna Brazile says CNN should have let her 'defend myself' following Wikileaks email By Kelsey Sutton The interim DNC chair said the network ripped her ‘a new one’ after town hall question scandal Updated 11/15/16 11:48 AM EST Time spent negotiating TPP wasn’t wasted By Megan Cassella Froman: No final decision yet on China anti-dumping change — Trump’s trade policies vs. iPhone sales 11/15/16 11:47 AM EST Carson won't serve in Trump administration, aide says By Paul Demko “He has no interest in a cabinet position, or any position in the administration,” Carson adviser Armstrong Williams told POLITICO. 11/15/16 11:35 AM EST Top Dem donor: Back people of color in leadership races By Kenneth P. Vogel and Daniel Strauss Her email came as the influential Democracy Alliance was convening a three-day meeting in Washington. 11/15/16 11:33 AM EST Giuliani took money from Qatar, Venezuela, Iranian exiles By Isaac Arnsdorf His foreign clientele could present conflicts of interest as secretary of state. 11/15/16 11:08 AM EST Obama: I'm not responsible for Trump By Nolan D. McCaskill President Barack Obama rejected direct parallels between Trump’s ascension and the rise of conservative politicians like Theresa May in the UK and Marine... Updated 11/15/16 10:51 AM EST House Democrats delay leadership elections in blow to Pelosi By Heather Caygle and John Bresnahan The move ensures a two-week debate about the minority leader's future, though no one has stepped up to challenge her yet. 11/15/16 10:47 AM EST Obama: Trump and Brexit part of a global wave of anxiety By Madeline Conway Globalization combined with technology, combined with social media and constant information, have disrupted people's lives sometimes in very concrete ways,”... 11/15/16 10:44 AM EST Obama: Congress stopped me from helping Trump supporters By Brent Griffiths As for whether Trump's voters will now get what they want, Obama said it's too soon to say. 11/15/16 10:24 AM EST McCaul on DHS chief: 'I’ve expressed my interest' By Cory Bennett and Martin Matishak House Homeland Security Chairman Mike McCaul is pushing to become head of the federal agency he oversees in Congress. 11/15/16 10:11 AM EST Obama urges NATO members to pull their weight By Nolan D. McCaskill Trump has suggested on the campaign trail that the U.S. wouldn’t support its allies unless they fulfilled their promises on defense spending. You're All Caught Up We're working on more stories right now Check out these top newsmakers Donald Trump Mike Pence Paul Ryan Barack Obama Hillary Clinton Reince Priebus Mitch McConnell Elizabeth Warren Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results 2016 Elections Events Events Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About Us Multimedia All Video Off Message POLITICO Nerdcast The Debrief Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 presidential tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus POLITICO Battleground States Project Connect With Us Bush aides could get a do-over in Trump administration House Democrats delay leadership elections in blow to Pelosi Power battles bog down Trump transition Trump advisers steamroll Christie’s transition Obama, grappling with Trump's win, takes the long view Obama on Trump: This is fine Politico Morning Defense A daily briefing from inside Washington’s national security apparatus Subscribe Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print Carter stops in Iraq amid Mosul offensive By Jeremy Herb 10/24/16 08:30 AM EDT With Zach Montellaro OFFENSIVE ON MOSUL MARCHES ON AS CARTER DROPS IN: Defense Secretary Ash Carter flew into Iraq over the weekend to check on the progress of the Iraqi offensive to retake Mosul (no surprise given his scheduled stops in Turkey and the United Arab Emirates on his weeklong foreign trip). Carter visited Baghdad and Irbil and met with Kurdish leader Masoud Barzani. The Associated Press has more here: “Carter visited Irbil on Sunday for a closer assessment of the fight against the Islamic State group in northern Iraq and to hear from Kurdish leaders whose forces launched a new offensive in the operation to wrest Mosul from the militants. Story Continued Below “The Pentagon chief said Barzani reported some good news about peshmerga gains against IS in Bashiqa, about 15 miles northeast of Mosul. Lt. Gen. Stephen Townsend, the top U.S. commander in Iraq, told reporters that the information he has gathered suggests Barzani was correct and that there has been ‘considerable success’ in the town. … Carter said he wants to see military operations to isolate IS fighters in Raqqa, Syria, to begin ‘as soon as possible.’ He said there will be simultaneous operations in Mosul and Raqqa, and that the United States would coordinate in Raqqa with its partners. The U.S. has been working with Syrian rebel fighters.” — KURDS CAPTURE ANOTHER TOWN NEAR MOSUL, reports Reuters’ Saif Hameed and Babak Dehghanpisheh: “Kurdish fighters said they had taken the town of Bashiqa near Mosul from Islamic State on Sunday as coalition forces pressed their offensive against the jihadists' last stronghold in Iraq. Masoud Barzani, President of the Iraqi Kurdish region, told Carter that the Kurds had succeeded in liberating Bashiqa from Islamic State. Kurdish Peshmerga fighters told reporters at the scene that they had entered Bashiqa. Journalists were not being allowed into the town, which lies 8 miles northeast of Mosul.” — TENSIONS RISING BETWEEN IRAQ, TURKEY, writes The New York Times’ Tim Arango and Michael R. Gordon: “A dispute between Iraq and Turkey has emerged as a dramatic geopolitical sideshow to the complicated military campaign to retake Mosul, Iraq’s second-largest city, from the Islamic State. President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey has insisted on a role in the battle for Mosul, trying to ramp up an involvement in Iraq that has already alarmed the Iraqi government.” — ISIL’S NEW TACTIC: SULFUR FIRES, The Washington Post’s Kareem Farhim and Thomas Gibbons-Neff have more here: “A fire set by Islamic State militants at a sulfur mine near the city of Mosul in recent days sent plumes of noxious gases over the battlefield, sickening hundreds of civilians and forcing Iraqi and U.S. troops to wear protective masks, health and military officials said on Saturday. Firefighters were still struggling Saturday to put out the blaze at the Mishraq sulfur mine, about 25 miles southeast of Mosul, according to Col. Abdulrahman Al-Khazali, a spokesman for Iraqi Federal Police who visited the mine.” — CARTER’S NEXT STOP ... PARIS: The defense secretary flies to Paris today, where he’ll meet with defense ministers from countries in the coalition fighting the Islamic State and have a press conference with French Defense Minister Jean Yves Le Drian. Carter wraps up his trip later this week in Brussels for a NATO ministerial. KENDALL SAYS COST GROWTH DOWN, PUSHING BACK IN HILL FIGHT OVER ACQUISITION: The Pentagon’s chief weapons buyer says cost growth to weapons programs is at a “30-year low,” citing a new acquisition report out today to fight back against proposed Senate acquisition changes, writes our colleague Ellen Mitchell: “The Senate Armed Services Committee's push to dismantle the position of the Pentagon's top acquisition official would be a ‘mistake’ that could also risk hard-won improvements in the cumbersome and costly process for buying new weapons, according to Frank Kendall, the undersecretary of Defense whose role is in the cross hairs of top lawmakers this year. “Kendall, the undersecretary of defense for acquisition, technology, and logistics, says the Pentagon's system for buying weapons, vehicles and services is much improved, and the cost growth on major programs is ‘at a 30-year low,’ citing the new 2016 Performance of the Defense Acquisition System report he shared with reporters on Friday in advance of its release Monday. ‘The last six years of work that we’ve put into this while I’ve been back at the Pentagon has paid off,’ Kendall told reporters at a media roundtable to discuss the annual report, part of the Better Buying Power initiative. ‘During the last several years we’ve made, what I think, is pretty dramatic progress in controlling cost growth.’” The full report is here, for Pros. HAPPY MONDAY AND WELCOME TO MORNING DEFENSE, where we’re always on the lookout for tips, pitches and feedback. Email us at jherb@politico.com, and follow on Twitter @jeremyherb, @morningdefense and @politicopro. MORNING D TRIVIA: Benjamin Braun was the first to correctly answer that the first female officers were commissioned in the Navy on Oct. 15, 1948, thanks to the Women’s Armed Services Integration Act passed several months earlier. Check back Friday for our next trivia question. HAPPENING TODAY — CSIS LAUNCHES SPACE PROJECT: The Center for Strategic and International Studies hosts the first event of its Aerospace Security Project this afternoon. The panel discussion with Deputy Assistant Defense Secretary for Space Policy Douglas Loverro and several industry executives will examine how the military can leverage commercial space capabilities and support the space industry. ALSO TODAY: The National Defense Industrial Association kicks off its four-day Systems Engineering Conference in Springfield, Va. The full schedule is here. And the Middle East Institute holds a panel discussion this afternoon on the landscape in next president will face with terrorism and regional turmoil. INDUSTRY INTEL — DEFENSE LOBBYING STAYS FLAT: Lobbying spending for 20 of the largest defense firms was effectively flat in the third quarter, down $230,000 compared to the same three months las year. But it’s shaping up to be a down year on lobbying spending for the industry, as there was no big issue — like the Export-Import Bank reauthorization for Boeing last year — driving the lobbying dollars. Boeing spent the most on lobbying this past quarter at $3.6 million, a $100,000 increase compared with 2015, according to the newly lobbying filings. Lockheed Martin was second at $3.2 million, a $280,000 drop compared with 2015. General Dynamics was third at $2.6 million, followed by Northrop Grumman at $2.5 million and United Technologies at $2 million. — ROCKWELL COLLINS TO ACQUIRE B/E AEROSPACE FOR $6.4 BILLION: Rockwell Collins announced Sunday it will acquire B/E Aerospace, which manufactures aircraft cabin interiors. The deal was struck for $6.4 billion, along with the assumption of $1.9 billion in debt, at $62 billion per share. Rockwell CEO Kelly Ortberg told Reuters that the acquisition will broaden the company’s reach. “B/E is very strong in relationships with airlines,” he said. “We're stronger with aircraft makers as well as business aviation operators and the military. We’ll be able to sell our respective products into a much broader market base than either of us could do independently.” WAR REPORT — CEASE-FIRE EXPIRES IN SYRIA AND FIGHTING RESUMES, writes The Washington Post’s Hugh Naylor and Zakaria Zakaria: “A burst of fighting in the flashpoint Syrian city of Aleppo on Sunday appeared to shatter a unilateral Russian cease-fire, signaling a resumption of the government’s offensive to seize rebel-held areas there. Warplanes — either operated by Syrian President Bashar al-Assad’s government or by Russia, an ally — targeted the opposition neighborhoods of eastern Aleppo on Saturday evening, residents and rebels said. And, they said, pro-government fighters resumed shelling and ground attacks on rebel positions overnight Saturday that continued until Sunday afternoon.” — WHITE HOUSE SKEPTICAL OF PLANS TO SEND MORE WEAPONS TO CIA-BACKED REBELS, reports The Post’s Greg Miller and Adam Entous: “As rebel-held sections of Aleppo crumbled under Russian bombing this month, the Obama administration was secretly weighing plans to rush more firepower to CIA-backed units in ­Syria. The proposal, which involved weapons that might help those forces defend themselves against Russian aircraft and artillery, made its way onto the agenda of a recent meeting President Obama held with his national security team. “And that’s as far as it got. Neither approved nor rejected, the plan was left in a state of ambiguity that U.S. officials said reflects growing administration skepticism about escalating a covert CIA program that has trained and armed thousands of Syrian fighters over the past three years.” TOP TALKER — THOUSANDS OF CALIFORNIA TROOPS FORCED TO REPAY ENLISTMENT BONUSES, reports the Los Angeles Times' David S. Cloud: “Short of troops to fight in Iraq and Afghanistan a decade ago, the California National Guard enticed thousands of soldiers with bonuses of $15,000 or more to reenlist and go to war. Now the Pentagon is demanding the money back. Nearly 10,000 soldiers, many of whom served multiple combat tours, have been ordered to repay large enlistment bonuses — and slapped with interest charges, wage garnishments and tax liens if they refuse — after audits revealed widespread overpayments by the California Guard at the height of the wars last decade.” WIKILEAKS EMAILS — FLOURNOY WAS ON DECK TO BE NO. 2 AT DoD UNDER GATES: Michele Flournoy, often bandied about as Hillary Clinton’s potential first defense secretary, was the Pentagon’s No. 3 civilian for the first several years of the Obama administration. But she was in the running to be the deputy defense secretary, at least according to a batch of John Podesta’s emails released by WikiLeaks over the weekend. “Michele Flournoy is sole Deputy because [William] Lynn dropped out,” reads an email dated Thursday, Nov. 6, 2008, from Sarah Sewall to Podesta, Denis McDonough, Susan Rice and others. “Are we ok with that as the full complement of leadership for DOD? Seems like a lot for one person day to day.” Lynn ultimately wound up being tapped as the deputy defense secretary, but only after he was granted a waiver from Obama’s ethics rules because he had been a lobbyist. In another email, aides were setting up a meeting between Obama and then-Defense Secretary Robert Gates a week after the election, where they emphasized “ensuring discretion.” Gates remained at the Pentagon into the first two-plus years of the Obama administration. THE FIRST MOSUL CASUALTY — NAVY TECH DIED DIRECTING SEALS, IRAQIS AWAY FROM ROADSIDE BOMB, writes Stars and Stripes’ Tara Copp: “Chief Petty Officer Jason Finan, the Navy explosives ordinance disposal technician who was the first American killed in the battle to retake Mosul from the Islamic State group, died while warning the forces he was supporting about a roadside bomb, the top commander for U.S. forces in Iraq and Syria said Sunday. Finan, 34, died on Oct. 20 from injuries sustained when his own vehicle hit a roadside bomb.” SPEED READ — The Pentagon expects a windfall of intelligence documents from the Islamic State in Mosul: NYT — Turkey’s military strikes both Islamic State and Kurdish targets in Syria: Reuters — The Islamic State’s chemical weapons arsenal is weak but instills fear: Military Times — Airstrikes resume in Yemen as the cease-fire there expires: Reuters — WikiLeaks backers claim credit for a massive cyberattack in the U.S. Friday, but researchers are skeptical: POLITICO — A grand jury indicts a Russian man suspected of hacking LinkedIn, Dropbox and Formspring: NYT — Russia keeps inching into Georgia on a shifting border: NYT — Palestinians who attended a Jewish holiday celebration are arrested by Palestinian security forces: The Washington Post — Service members doubt the next president can fix the military’s top issues, according to a poll: Military Times — A suicide bomb hits the Somali capital: Reuters — Eighty-three Nigerian soldiers are missing after Boko Haram attacked a remote military base: AP — Russian scientists discover a secret Nazi military base in the Arctic: The Independent — The Defense Department cements its cyber “bug bounty” program: C4isrnet — Rep. Duncan Hunter (R-Calif.) raises concerns that a contract for internet service to deployed troops could allow the use of Russian satellites: The Washington Post — Defense officials are seeking for the first time the opinions of spouses on morale, welfare and recreation: Military Times — Marines want new technology to better take enemy beaches: Marine Times — The Air Force is studying Ohio State football players to aid special forces: Dayton Daily News ** A message from the Aircraft Carrier Industrial Base Coalition: Congress Can Help Save Taxpayers Up To $500 Million: Buying materials in advance for the construction of the next two U.S. Navy Ford-class aircraft carriers, Enterprise (CVN 80) and the yet-to-be-named CVN 81, will save taxpayers up to $500 million over the course of their construction and will keep the industrial base strong. The advance purchase of construction materials will mean reduced construction costs and greater efficiency in construction. Learn more at acibc.org ** « View Archives Authors: Jeremy Herb jherb@politico.com @jeremyherb About The Author Jeremy Herb is a defense reporter for POLITICO Pro. Prior to joining POLITICO, he covered defense and national security for The Hill, and covered the Minnesota congressional delegation and 2012 Republican presidential primary as a Washington correspondent for the Minneapolis Star Tribune. Herb is a native of San Jose, Calif. He graduated with a bachelor’s degree from Santa Clara University and received a master’s degree from Columbia University’s Graduate School of Journalism. Most Read Trump advisers steamroll Christie’s transition Trump’s first ambassador: Barack Obama Obama: Congress stopped me from helping Trump supporters Trump allies object to Lewandowski Giuliani took money from Qatar, Venezuela, Iranian exiles GOP and Trump put deficit on back burner House Democrats delay leadership elections in blow to Pelosi Clinton’s lead in the popular vote passes 1 million Conway: Keeping Bannon from public a strategic decision Pro-Israel groups avoid denouncing Bannon Morning Defense - POLITICO Archive Tuesday, 11/15/16 Monday, 11/14/16 Friday, 11/11/16 Thursday, 11/10/16 Wednesday, 11/9/16 View the Full Morning Defense Archives » Politico Magazine The Resurgence of the Republicans? By Susan B. Glasser Why Women Rejected Hillary By Peg Tyre Why Wall Street Is Suddenly in Love with Trump By William D. Cohan Will America Now Have a Pravda? By Jack Shafer More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Events Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Labor & Employment Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2016 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
null
پارسی العربية اردو کوردی Türkçe English Mehrnews English Wed 16 November 2016 × Economy Home All News Iran World Politics Economy Culture Technology Sports Photo Cartoon Video Opinion 'Aircraft purchase talks reach final stages' News ID: 3804319 - Mon 24 October 2016 - 10:23 Economy TEHRAN, Oct. 24 (MNA) – Iran’s Roads and Urban Development Minister Akhoundi said negotiations on buying Boeing and Airbus aircraft are in final stages and will soon become implemented. On the sidelines of inking six cooperation agreements between Iran and Germany, Minister of Roads and Urban Development Abbas Ahmad Akhoundi said “given that necessary permits from Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) have been received, the lucrative deal with Airbus and Boeing companies to buy brand new planes will soon yield fruitful outcomes.” “Several foreign companies have made proposals to establish airliners inside the country,” noted the official underling that tough conditions have been set for presence of foreign investors. He went on to clarify that an airliner capable of offering all services is required to have an initial fund of more than 110 million dollars; “moreover, applicants need to possess skilled and experienced staff while its fleet should not be older than the year 2000.” Akhundi pointed to high willingness of foreign firms saying “several of them have voiced readiness and a number of them, having taken primary licenses, are following up further procedures.” “Capable companies with good financial base and good technical ability are stepping forward to improve the level of Iran’s aviation fleet,” Iran’s road minister concluded. HA/3803901 Related News Boeing, Airbus grant Iran ‘maintenance, part manufacturing’ rights Int’l aerospace expo. opens in Tehran France urges US to resolve Iran’s banking barriers First Thai aero plane lands at IKIA Iran to purchase 500 aircrafts in 8 years Iran, Netherlands ink port MoU Iran says purchases from Boeing 'easier' Tags Abbas Akhoundi Airbus Aviation Boeing Foreign Investors Minister of Roads and Urban Development OFAC Comments Roberta K. (fake name) 2016-10-24 15:21 Iran needs to invest in Sistan Balouchistan more and other impoverished provinces. Car assembly, steel factories, petrochemicals, universities, re-locate experts from tehran there with financial incentives (for 5 years). Centralization is a bad. Comment * Name Email or Website * Your Comment * Please enter the correct answer 8 + 3 = TOP 10 Killing of Nigerian Muslims unacceptable Iran to step up scientific coop. with Kazakhstan US election campaign highlights ‘moral collapse’ Arbaeen pilgrimage visa still mandatory, says official Joint military drill with China ‘likely’ Road Min. in China for expansion of ties President Rouhani congratulates Spain's PM on re-election Iran enjoys great history, civilization Tehran, Moscow discuss boosting oil ties Iran exports over 11mn tons of petchem products Mehr Vision 6th edition of ‘Mehr Vision’ reviews region’s top events Interview With wiser counsel, Trump’s views on Iran… Turkey would play a part in Trumpian ME architectu… Trump would bring about Turkey, Kurds reconciliati… US rigged system set Trump up for failure Report Tehran, Caracas eye boosted ties in future Iran expanding cooperation with emerging… Riyadh awarded UNHRC seat for bombing region Global oil giants return to Iran Op-Ed Aoun presidency, another rebalancing step… Georgian rugby UNiTEs to end violence against… It’s never too late to start running Transforming commitment into action on disaster… From organizational training to realization… Most Viewed US rigged system set Trump up for failure EU Tehran office ‘unlikely to open’ anytime soon Bush 'sought negotiations with Iran’ Iranian oil tanker sinks, all 12 onboard rescued Iran halts electricity exports to Turkey Iran begins gas oil exports to Europe Global oil giants return to Iran Iran wins Men Sabre World Cup Trump would bring about Turkey, Kurds reconciliation Iranian researchers win Best Robot Design at ICSR 2016 Latest News Imam Ali's shrine on eve of Arbaeen Death toll mounts after army attacks peaceful marchers: Nigeria IMIDRO, BHF-Bank to begin long-term coop. Zarif unveils FM historical, diplomatic classified documents Security across Asian continent ‘integrated’ Sun setting on US hegemony Iranian cinema grabs 3 awards at Casa Asia Film Week Seven Russian S-300 air missile defense systems deployed in Syria Over 140 robotics teams to take part in AUTCup 2016 Killing of Nigerian Muslims unacceptable Iran opposes any secessionist act in region Iran’s super weightlifters earn gold, silver medals FM to declassify diplomatic documents FM rejects claims on Taliban’s presence in Iran Iran to step up scientific coop. with Kazakhstan Germany’s Hermes returns to Iran Wadi Al-Salaam cemetery Putin holds phone talks with US president-elect Donald Trump Taolu practitioners en route to China With wiser counsel, Trump’s views on Iran to temper for better ties Top Desktop version Mobile version {site-title} Archive About us Contact us Links Advertise © 2015 Mehr News Agency. All rights reserved Powered by: Nastooh
null

null
null
SUBSCRIBE NOWFOR HOME DELIVERY Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 491 25 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Former auto supplier builds parts for Mars spaceship Warren-based Futuramic launches into new world as a supplier for NASA’s Space Launch System Post to Facebook Former auto supplier builds parts for Mars spaceship Warren-based Futuramic launches into new world as a supplier for NASA’s Space Launch System  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2eIBpeI {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 7 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Former auto supplier builds parts for Mars spaceship Michael Martinez , The Detroit News 12:01 a.m. EDT October 24, 2016 Buy Photo Top: Jason Robinson of Futuramic forms an intertank panel for the Space Launch System. (Photo: Clarence Tabb Jr. / The Detroit News)Buy Photo Warren— NASA’s first manned spaceship to Mars will be partially made in Michigan. The government agency’s new Space Launch System — a rocket set to ferry humans to the red planet in the 2030s — relies on dozens of Michigan suppliers that build everything from steering to components covers for harnesses and cables. But the most vital contributor from the Great Lakes state has a history rooted in the automotive industry. Warren-based Futuramic Tool & Engineering once made tooling that checked tolerances of body stampings for every single car in Ford Motor Co.’s lineup. But after the Dearborn automaker outsourced that work to Mexico about 15 years ago, the supplier was forced to diversify to the aerospace industry. It now makes tooling and hardware for the Mars-bound rocket. “They’re working on every major component that’s being assembled,” said Chad Bryant, the Space Launch System’s propulsion manager. “You can’t walk though the plant without seeing Futuramic all around you.” Futuramic has manufacturing plants in Detroit and Warren that build the parts. It ships those parts to NASA’s Michoud Assembly Facility in New Orleans, where the rocket is being built. Futuramic works directly for Boeing, NASA’s prime supplier for the SLS — and for Lockheed Martin, NASA’s prime supplier for the Orion capsule, the part of the rocket that will hold the astronauts. Among the parts it supplies are massive aluminum panels for the SLS’s intertank, a portion of the rocket’s core stage that connects the massive liquid hydrogen tank to the liquid oxygen tank. Those two fuel tanks hold 733,000 gallons of propellent that will push the SLS out of Earth’s orbit. The intertank also ties together the top of the two boosters that run along opposite sides of the rocket’s core, and houses electronics. In total, the core stage will stand 212 feet tall and will weigh 2.3 million pounds. Futuramic also builds thrust beams, the I-beam structures that hold the four engines in place. Those four engines will together produce up to 2 million pounds of thrust. Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share John Couch, vice president of Futuramic, shows how they assemble parts of a Space Launch System rocket and build the Nose Cone F35 for the NASA space program at facilities in Detroit and Warren. Other components the company builds for the rocket are: part of the Orion capsule in which the crew lives; pieces of the upper stage that will continue to power the spacecraft after the lower core-stage breaks away; simulators for testing the rocket before its first flight in 2018; tooling and scaffolding used to put it all together. “The engineering diversity, their enthusiasm and the quality of the hardware they’ve provided have been just outstanding,” said Pat Whipps, NASA’s Space Launch System manager at Michoud. “They’re a prime teammate.” Futuramic doesn’t divulge how much its contract is worth, but NASA has a $7 billion budget for the first SLS, which is scheduled to blast off from the Kennedy Space Station for its first test flight in 2018. That mission will be unmanned and is planned to travel some 40,000 miles past the moon before eventually returning to Earth. The first manned mission is tentatively scheduled for 2023, and NASA has plans for yearly launches — each powered by a new rocket — until the first humans embark for Mars sometime in the 2030s, pending continued congressional funding. John Couch, Futuramic’s vice president, said the company took the job because it was sustainable and provided a new challenge. “Everything is larger vs. a car, so we had to do some capital equipment and personnel investment,” Couch said. “It was a whole new learning curve. The standards are completely different; they’re way more strict. It took a couple years to get the ball rolling.” Buy Photo Above: John Morris, 56, a fitter for Futuramic, works on a panel wing.  (Photo: Photos by Clarence Tabb Jr / The Detroit News) Shift to aerospace If not for open-minded company executives, Futuramic may not be around today. Futuramic was founded in 1955 by William Warner as a plastic mold shop with an office in Hamtramck. It moved to Warren shortly after. The auto industry was a part of the company from its inception. Warner named it Futuramic after Oldsmobile’s Rocket 88 Futuramic model. “He just liked the name,” said Couch, who is Warner’s grandson. Couch recently restored a black 1950 Rocket 88 and has it prominently displayed at the Warren plant. In the 1990s, 90 percent of the company’s business was from Ford, with the remaining work split between General Motors and Chrysler. That’s until Ford outsourced the work south of the border to cut costs. “That hurt us,” Couch said. “We put all our eggs in one basket. That was our fault.” In 2000, the company employed about 200. After Ford’s Mexico move, that number fell to around 70. That’s until management decided to enter the aerospace industry. The company now employs 285 and does work for about 45 companies. In 2014, it expanded to Detroit with a 300,000-square-foot plant. In addition to working on the NASA rocket, Futuramic works with Boeing on wing components for the 777 jet airliner, builds nose cones for fighter jets and is working on parts for the Dream Chaser, a reusable spacecraft that will resupply the International Space Station. Couch said employees are most excited about working on the SLS. The company printed stickers and T-shirts with the phrase “Macomb to Mars” and the company was held up as a manufacturing success story by Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton during a recent campaign visit to the Warren plant. “It’s a point of pride for the whole staff,” Couch said. John Couch, Vice President of Futuramic talks about how they assemble a Space Launch System (SLS) rocket and the Nose Cone F35 for the NASA space program.****This is for a story about Futuramic, a former auto supplier that is now building parts for a NASA spaceship to Mars. Get photos of the company's Detroit and Warren plants/workers building the spaceship components/etc. Detroit, Mi, October 14, 2016, (ClarenceTabb Jr./Detroit News)  (Photo: Clarence Tabb Jr / Detroit News) Ferrari-like product Boeing had many suppliers to choose from — firms from 42 of the 50 states are working on the SLS — but the aeronautics company chose Futuramic because of its track record. “The experience they brought to the table brought out a very good product,” said Mark Nappi, manager of the rocket’s core stage development for Boeing. “We’re very pleased with the progress we’ve made.” NASA said it plans to test the rocket in Mississippi next year before its first launch in 2018. Subsequent missions call for the SLS to gradually reach Mars to drop off equipment and other things necessary for habitats on the red planet. The SLS will have the capability to carry hundreds of tons of cargo, more than five times the payload of its predecessor, the space shuttle. “It’s the biggest, most powerful rocket and it gets us out farther than we’ve ever been before,” Bryant said. “The shuttle program was like driving a bus; the SLS is a Ferrari.” mmartinez@detroitnews.com (313) 222-2401 Twitter.com/MikeMartinez_DN 491 CONNECTTWEET 25 LINKEDIN 7 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2eIBpeI TOP VIDEOS Pistons owner Tom Gores discusses possible move downtown 5:50 Tom Izzo on Dan Gilbert's $15 Million gift to MSU 2:14 ZF TRW automotive demonstrates self-driving technology 1:57 Building Mars spaceship parts in Metro Detroit 1:38 Tour the Detroit riverfront's industrial heart 2:27 Hamtramck’s Bon Bon Bon crafts artisan chocolates 3:55 Tomorrow's doctors have fun at the Little Medical School 0:39 New housing, retail development in New Center breaks ground 2:48 Henry Payne goes 0 to 60 in the Porsche Boxster-Cayman 2:01 Open Streets in Detroit 1:47
Skip to content Menu Local News Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Amazon Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Amazon Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Amazon Login Subscribe Amazon Monday Memo: Heavy earnings week, including Boeing, Amazon, Paccar Originally published October 23, 2016 at 5:00 pm It’s a busy week for quarterly financial results, with at least one major Puget Sound-area company reporting each day. Boeing comes out with its third-quarter numbers on Wednesday. The business week ahead Share story By Seattle Times staff The Seattle Times TODAY: Wireless carrier T-Mobile US reports its third-quarter financial results. TUESDAY: Paccar posts quarterly earnings. The No. 4 large-truck manufacturer globally, like its rivals, is dealing with a sharp downturn in demand. … Case-Shiller puts out its monthly home price index. Seattle has trailed Portland for the last several months for fastest-growing home prices. … The Conference Board releases the Consumer Confidence Index for October. WEDNESDAY: In a conference call after Boeing releases its third-quarter earnings, CEO Dennis Muilenburg will face questions about the prospects for production and employment. … The Commerce Department releases new-home sales for September. THURSDAY: Amazon.com reports its quarterly results after the market closes. Analysts expect the world’s biggest e-commerce player to keep delivering growth at a breakneck pace. … Other local earnings: Expedia, Fortive. … The Commerce Department reports on September durable goods. … The National Association of Realtors releases its pending home-sales index for September. Most Read Stories ‘Deadliest Catch’ cast member Jake Harris hospitalized; police investigating attack What the national media are saying about Seahawks' 'magnificent' win over Patriots Patriots' Rob Gronkowski has punctured lung according to one report Should California, Oregon and Washington join Canada? #Calexit talk envelops West Coast 5,000 Seattle-area students walk out of class to protest election of Trump  WATCHUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. FRIDAY: Timber company Weyerhaeuser releases its third-quarter financial results. … The Commerce Department reports on third-quarter gross domestic product. … The Labor Department releases its third-quarter employment- cost index. Seattle Times staff Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story Millions spent on Sound Transit 3 campaign — by those who would benefit Previous Story Amazon’s declining use of temps hurts staffing company TrueBlue Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2016 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Back to the story
' CH-53K Completes Initial Operationals Testing | Boeing, Gen Atomics, LM & NG Alter MQ-25 Designs CBARS | Kuwait’s Typhoons Get LM’s ATPs Advertisement Defense program acquisition news, budget data, market briefings Contact Editorial Advertising Feedback & Support Subscriptions & Reports Subscribe Paid Subscription in-depth program analysis & data sets Free Email Newsletter quick daily updates Log in Email Address Password Remember me Forgot your password? Not yet a subscriber? Find out what you have been missing. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Table of contents CH-53K Completes Initial Operationals Testing | Boeing, Gen Atomics, LM & NG to Alter MQ-25 Designs for CBARS | Kuwait’s Typhoons to Get LM’s ATPs Oct 24, 2016 00:58 UTC by Defense Industry Daily staff Americas Argentinian Air Force pilots have completed their evaluations of the M-346 advanced jet trainer, according to the Italian Defense Ministry. The testing, which took place between October 12 and 13 in Italy, saw the pilots assess the trainer’s air-to-air and air-to-surface capabilities. Argentina is looking to acquire between 10-12 trainers to operate in a combat capacity to replace retired Dassault Mirage III and Mirage 5 fighters and their grounded Douglas A-4R Fightinghawk fleet. Korean Aerospace Industries (KAI) FA-50 Fighting Eagle is also in the mix and was tested in September. The CH-53K King Stallion helicopter has completed its initial operational testing. A two-week trial period, known as the OT-B1, took place at Sikorsky’s Development Flight Center in West Palm Beach, Florida. Requirements asked of the helicopter included multiple external lift scenarios of 27,000 lb. (12,200 kg), in-hover, and 12,000 lb. (5,422 kg) 110 nautical mile radius missions. Four companies have been awarded contracts by the US Navy to conduct risk reduction work on their designs for the MQ-25 Stingray. Boeing, General Atomics Aeronautical Systems and Lockheed Martin received contracts for $43 million each while Northrop Grumman received $35.8 million. The risk reduction work will see the companies alter previous designs of the MQ-25 as an unmanned strike bomber to fit its new role as an aerial tanker under the carrier-based air refueling system (CBARS) program. Middle East & North Africa Eurofighter Typhoons recently ordered by Kuwait will be fitted with Lockheed Martin’s Sniper advanced targeting pods. Under a contract with the Aircraft division of Leonardo-Finmeccanica, a member of the Eurofighter consortium, Lockheed Martin will supply 18 pods for Kuwaiti Typhoons, plus integration and logistics support. Deliveries are expected to begin in 2017. Europe A technical agreement has been signed between the governments of Lithuania and Norway to bring two batteries of the Norwegian Advanced Surface-to-Air Missile System (NASAMS) to the Baltic nation. The $108 million systems are expected to be delivered by 2020. In the meantime, NATO is considering the deployment of a Patriot air-defense missile unit in Lithuania, which if accepted, could be operational by July next year. The Czech Republic has approached several Western defense companies as they looks to replace their existing Soviet-era SA-6 air-defense system. Raytheon, MBDA and Israel Aerospace Industries (IAI) have been contacted by Prague with the request that missiles should have an effective range between 20 and 50 kilometres. A second competition, for the purchase of a 3D Mobile Air Defence Radar (MADR), sees France’s Thales, the Israeli Elta and the Swedish SAAB bidding for the contract. Russia will buy a number of SR-10 jet trainers in order to test the plane over the next three years. The first models of the forward-swept wing jet trainer will be ready for the Defense Ministry by the end of 2017 with 20 expected to be delivered by 2020. It’s believed that engine manufacturer Saturn has proposed to power the aircraft using their AL-55 turbofan engine. Asia Pacific A Spanish consortium of Indra and Navantia is teaming with Indonesian shipbuilder PT PAL to update the combat system of an Indonesian navy vessel. The $18 million deal will see work carried out on the Fatahillah-class corvette, the Malahayati, and involves the renovation of the ship’s sensors and fire control systems and their integration through a modern combat management system. Both Spanish firms have previously collaborated on a number of naval programs, including development of the Spanish navy’s future F110 frigate. Today’s Video Tom Cruise talks training for Top Gun : Advertisement Categories: Daily Rapid Fire Stay Up-to-Date on Defense Programs Developments with Free Newsletter DID's daily email newsletter keeps you abreast of contract developments, pictures, and data, put in the context of their underlying political, business, and technical drivers. Advertisement Archives MIL BIZ GEO DAY Aircraft Air Reconnaissance Blimps & LTA Craft Engines - Aircraft Equipment - Other Fighters & Attack Heavy Bombers Helicopters & Rotary Protective Systems - Aircraft Specialty Aircraft Transport & Utility UAVs Electronics & IT Avionics ECM Electronics - General Eng. Control Systems IT - Cyber-Security IT - General IT - Networks & Bandwidth IT - Software & Integration Radars Sensors & Guidance Signals Radio & Wireless Simulation & Training Land Equipment Engineering Vehicles Engines Other Equipment - Land Robots Soldier's Gear Tanks & Mechanized Trucks & Transport Logistics & Support Asstd. Support Equipment Bases & Infrastructure C4ISR Chemicals & HAZMAT Clothing Engineer Units Environmental Financial & Accounting Food-related Fuel & Power Intelligence & PsyOps Logistics Marketing & Advertising Medical MPs & Justice Power Projection Public Relations Signals Intercept, Cryptography, etc. Support & Maintenance Support Functions - Other Testing & Evaluation Military Overall Expeditionary Warfare Force Structure Forces - Air Forces - Land Forces - Marines Forces - Naval Forces - Space Forces - Special Ops Forces - Strategic Interoperability Leadership & People Memoriam Policy - Doctrine Policy - Personnel Policy - Procurement Security & Secrecy Training & Exercises Transformation Warfare - Lessons Warfare - Trends Naval Equipment Coastal & Littoral Engines & Propulsion - Naval Protective Systems - Naval Sensors - Aquatic Submarines Surface Ships - Combat Surface Ships - Other UUVs & USVs Ordnance & Guns ABM Ammunition Bombs - Cluster Bombs - General Bombs - Smart Explosives Grenades Guns - 20-59 mm direct Guns - 60+ mm direct Guns - Artillery & Mortars Guns - Naval Guns - Personal Weapons Guns - under 20mm direct Laser & EM Weapons Mines & Countermine-IED Missiles - Air-Air Missiles - Anti-Armor Missiles - Anti-Ship Missiles - Ballistic Missiles - Precision Attack Missiles - Surface-Air Non-Lethal Weapons Other Weapons Remote Weapons Systems Rockets Shells & Mortar Rounds Underwater Weapons Space GPS Infrastructure Launch Facilities Launch Vehicles Satellites & Sensors Space Warfare WMD Biological Weapons Chemical Weapons Nuclear Weapons WMD Defenses WMD Detection WMD Proliferation Corporation Airbus ATK BAE Boeing Consulting Firms DCNS Elbit Systems Finmeccanica GE General Atomics General Dynamics HAL Honeywell IAI L3 Communications Lockheed Martin MBDA Navistar Northrop-Grumman Oshkosh Other Corporation RAFAEL Raytheon Rolls Royce Rosoboronexport Security Contractor Small Business T&C - Big 5 Firms T&C - Booz Allen T&C - CSC T&C - EDS T&C - IBM T&C - Microsoft T&C - RAND Corp. T&C - SAIC T&C - SRI Textron Thales United Technologies University-related DID site Daily Rapid Fire FOCUS Articles Guest Articles Sharpen yourself Spotlight articles Industry Conferences & Events Contracts - Awards Contracts - Intent Contracts - Modifications Corporate Financials Delivery & Task Orders Industry & Trends Mergers & Acquisitions Partnerships & Consortia People Pre-RFP Projections & Assessments RFPs Rumours Innovation After-Action Reviews Corporate Innovations DARPA Design Innovations Field Innovations Logistics Innovations Materials Innovations New Systems Tech Procurement Innovations R&D - Contracted R&D - Private Science - Basic Research News Events Field Reports Politics Alliances Budgets Domestic Security Issues - Environmental Issues - International Issues - Political Legal Lobbying Official Reports Public Partnering Scandals & Investigations Think Tanks Projects Project Failures Project Management Project Methodologies Project Successes Americas Americas - Other Brazil Canada USA Asia Asia - Central Asia - Other Australia & S. Pacific China India Indonesia Japan Singapore South Korea Europe Britain/U.K. Europe - Other European Union (EU) France Germany Russia Middle East & Africa Africa - Other Iraq Israel Middle East - Other Saudi Arabia Turkey United Arab Emirates (UAE) Other Geo Oceans - International Outer Space Polar Regions 2016 January February March April May June July August September October November 2015 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2014 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2013 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2012 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2011 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2010 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2009 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2008 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2007 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2006 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2005 January February March April May June July August September October November December White Papers & Events Advertisement Advertisement © 2004-2016 Defense Industry Daily, LLC | About Us | Images on this site | Privacy Policy Contact us: Editorial | Advertising | Feedback & Support | Subscriptions & Reports Follow us: Twitter | Google+ Stay Up-to-Date on Defense Programs Developments with Free Newsletter DID's daily email newsletter keeps you abreast of contract developments, pictures, and data, put in the context of their underlying political, business, and technical drivers. One-stop tracking Our coverage for each program of record is centralized in one article to save time and provide comprehensive context. Catch up with new events Recent updates are highlighted upfront to make it easy to stay on top of programs over their lifecycle. Table of contents The table of contents can be moved on the side or folded to help you navigate within our reports. Exec summary Quickly catch up with just the latest updates, main events and milestones by hiding more granular details. Media gallery Each article comes with a gallery of relevant contextual images, charts, and videos. Clean printoutsOur articles print beautifully, without any of the clutter that often gets in the way on the web. Save as PDFExporting to the Adobe PDF format lets you read our content offline. Subscribe for more Check out our subscription plans to access our extensive defense program coverage. 7ads6x98y
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Busy Weekend for Bankers; U.K. Banking Exodus: Sunday Wrap Bernie Kohn BernieKohn October 23, 2016 — 6:51 PM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp AT&T-Time Warner: Debt Risk and Regulatory Hurdles Deals seen or announced in brokerage, aerospace, insurance Iraq resisting OPEC efforts to coordinate production cuts Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Here are highlights of Sunday’s top breaking stories from around the world: The $85.4 billion AT&T-Time Warner media megadeal announced Saturday night was just the beginning of a wave of multi-billion-dollar acquisitions.  TD Ameritrade and Toronto-Dominion Bank are closing in on a $4 billion deal for Scottrade Financial that would combine two of the largest online brokerages at a time the sector is struggling with lower volume and revenue. Rockwell Collins is acquiring B/E Aerospace for $6.4 billion in a combination of big suppliers to plane makers Boeing and Airbus that can be seen as consolidation forced by slowing growth. U.S. life insurer Genworth Financial said it agreed to be acquired by China Oceanwide Holdings of Beijing for $2.7 billion. And in Australia, a group of outback scions made it a bidding war for the iconic S. Kidman & Co., the beef producer descended from the rancher who once was the world’s largest single landholder. The commitments by JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America for $40 billion in financing for the AT&T-Time Warner deal could be highly profitable but are fraught with risk if the deal won’t pass muster with U.S. regulators. Iraq is indicating it won’t go along with oil production cuts, possibly leaving OPEC nowhere once again as its members grapple with low oil prices. It didn’t help that Russia isn’t committing to supporting a cut, either. The head of Britain’s banking trade group predicted an exodus of banks by the end of the year, well before the U.K. takes its first formal steps to leave the European Union. Spain appears on the way to having functional leadership for the first time in almost a year, after the Socialists elected to step aside and let the acting prime minister form a minority coalition and take office for another term. Evan McMullin, the U.S. independent presidential candidate who’s come out of nowhere to lead some polls in his native Utah, said in his first Sunday-show appearance that he can’t see the Republican Party surviving after the election as it now exists. Venezuela’s increasingly powerless Congress staged a symbolic coup of sorts with President Nicolas Maduro away talking to Middle East oil producers. It passed legislation asking the military not to follow Maduro’s orders and trying to overturn unilateral Supreme Court appointments. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Video Stories Banking Toronto-Dominion Bank/The Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to content Menu Local News Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Business Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Login Subscribe Boeing & Aerospace Business Boeing supplier Rockwell Collins buying B/E Aerospace Originally published October 23, 2016 at 4:16 pm Updated October 23, 2016 at 7:22 pm The avionics company’s $6.4 billion acquisition of the airline-cabin supplier is the largest in its history. Share story By Julie Johnsson Bloomberg News Rockwell Collins, with its $6.4 billion takeover of B/E Aerospace, is betting big that airplanes will get smarter as everything from lie-flat seats to toilet valves flash data in real time to airline crews and maintenance workers on the ground. The acquisition is the largest in the avionics company’s 83-year history, eclipsing its $1.39 billion takeover of Arinc in 2013. That deal, just 11 days after Kelly Ortberg was named chief executive, gave Rockwell Collins new ways to pipe data into airplanes. With B/E Aerospace, Ortberg gains the largest equipment supplier for aircraft cabins — and the chance to provide reams of new information to airline operators. “It sets us up for the future,” Ortberg said in an interview Sunday. “We’ve made major investments in next-generation airplanes. That trend is going to translate into the interiors of aircraft.” Most Read Stories ‘Deadliest Catch’ cast member Jake Harris hospitalized; police investigating attack What the national media are saying about Seahawks' 'magnificent' win over Patriots Patriots' Rob Gronkowski has punctured lung according to one report Should California, Oregon and Washington join Canada? #Calexit talk envelops West Coast 5,000 Seattle-area students walk out of class to protest election of Trump  WATCHUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. The transaction vastly broadens a product portfolio that has been centered on aircraft communications and computing equipment since the Cedar Rapids, Iowa-based company was spun out of Rockwell International in 2001. The deal, slated to close in early 2017, is the latest in a spate of mergers involving suppliers to Boeing and Airbus, which are squeezing suppliers as they brace for slower growth after a decadelong sales cycle. “It’s an opportunity to build a smarter plane,” Teal Group aerospace analyst Richard Aboulafia said. “Given the pricing pressure, you’ll probably see more deals like this.” B/E Aerospace investors will get $34.10 in cash and $27.90 in shares of Rockwell Collins common stock, for a total consideration of $62 a share, the companies said Sunday. That’s a 23 percent premium over B/E Aerospace’s closing price Friday. With the assumption of $1.9 billion of debt, the purchase comes to $8.3 billion, they said. Shares of Rockwell Collins have fallen 8.5 percent this year, while B/E Aerospace gained almost 20 percent. B/E Aerospace is the largest supplier of aircraft-cabin equipment, ranging from modular lavatories to luxurious seats as expensive as a Ferrari. On a pro forma basis, the combined manufacturer would have had almost 30,000 employees, $8.1 billion in revenue and $1.9 billion in earnings before interest, taxes, debt and amortization for the 12 months ended Sept. 30, according to the statement. There is virtually no overlap in the two companies’ product portfolios. “For the most part they are pretty complementary,” Aboulafia said. “Rockwell tends to be on the small planes. B/E on the bigger ones, particularly widebodies.” The savings flowing from the merger, pegged at about $160 million, would mostly come from combining suppliers and eliminating overlapping headquarters functions, Ortberg said. Those so-called synergies don’t include the potential boost to sales that would open up when the companies are combined, Ortberg said. Rockwell Collins has a base of business-aviation dealers that could offer to retrofit private jets with B/E Aerospace’s interiors. The Wellington, Fla., based company has very strong ties with airline customers that Rockwell Collins may be able to leverage to sell more of its avionics equipment and inflight-entertainment systems. The end result may translate to better in-flight service. For example, sensors in luxury seats in first- and business-class cabins, could notify flight attendants when a passenger is waking up on a long-haul flight and ready for a hot towel or glass of orange juice. “The smart cabin is here,” Amin Khoury, co-founder and chairman of B/E Aerospace, said Sunday. “It’s not something that may happen in the future. It’s happening now.” The boards of both companies have approved the transaction, which will still need to pass muster with shareholders. Werner Lieberherr, B/E Aerospace’s chief executive, will be named executive vice president and chief operating officer of a newly created aircraft-interiors division after the merger closes. Khoury will stay on as a consultant to Ortberg. Separately, Rockwell Collins said profit from continuing operations in its fiscal fourth quarter rose to $1.58 a share, up from $1.38 a year earlier, according to a statement Sunday. Analysts expected adjusted earnings of $1.57, according to the average of 17 estimates compiled by Bloomberg. Sales in the period rose 4.4 percent from a year earlier to $1.45 billion, trailing the average analyst estimate of $1.48 billion. Equipment sales were hurt by lower plane-maker production rates, including Airbus’ A330 widebody jetliner, the company said. For its 2017 fiscal year, the company said it expects revenue between $5.3 billion and $5.4 billion — that’s on a stand-alone basis and doesn’t account for the deal with B/E Aerospace. Julie Johnsson Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story Activist investor McKeever targets boardroom gender gap Previous Story A merged AT&T-Time Warner may not do consumers much good Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2016 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Back to the story
Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News Opinion All Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters Op-Ed Politics National Crime World Education Weather Staff Blogs Community Blogs Business All Business Local Business Energy Mortgages Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Economy Next Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Retail Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey Vancouver Canucks NHL Football All Football BC Lions CFL NFL Soccer All Soccer Vancouver Whitecaps MLS International Baseball Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Golf MMA Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts & Life All Arts & Life Local Arts All Local Arts Events Listings Entertainment Celebrity Festivals Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music Theatre Books Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes Wine Country Health All Health Local Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Fashion & Beauty Parenting Relationships Puzzles & Comics Royals Homes All Homes Buying & Selling Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Travel Careers All Careers Find Jobs Post Jobs Obits Classifieds All Classifieds FlyerCity Shopping Announcements Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer's Guide Arts & Life Parenting |Featured: VIFF 2016 Awesome Sound Books blog Art Seen Garden Collection Public Sector Salaries Economy Next Vancouver in the '70s Videos Westcoast Homes & Design Conversations that Matter Affordability Sun Run | More Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Decorating Photos: Eastside Culture Crawl's must-see artists Television  Rihanna filming Bates Motel in Vancouver today Local News CanLit stars pen open letter blasting UBC over the Steven ... Energy Election of pro-pipeline Trump doesn't lessen pressure on Ottawa to ... Local News B.C. man loses bid to recover $17,000 engagement ring he ... 5 / 5 When fireworks and dogs go bang: How to save your nervous pooch some Halloween angst Lucy Hyslop More from Lucy Hyslop Published on: October 23, 2016 | Last Updated: October 23, 2016 2:26 PM PST Dr. Rebecca Ledger, an animal behaviour scientist says some dogs have a genetic predisposition to noise phobia, while others are "bomb-proof" Getty Images / PNG Share Adjust Comment Print Halloween is officially cancelled in our household. No stream of neighbourhood kids in luminous ghost costumes or this year’s de rigueur characters (Pokemon’s Pikachu or Ash Ketchum, anyone?) collecting candy door to door, no taking off for dress-up parties, and definitely no flirtation with fireworks. We’re no killjoys, however (we leave sweets on the doorstep under a flashing witch proclaiming “free candy”). It’s just that October 31 becomes quite simply the most terrifying day of the year for our 14-year-old beagle Billy – even without the spine-chilling, fright-centric tombs and ghouls mooching around people’s yards. Billy’s nerves, like those of many dogs in the city, have never been able to buffer the bangs of myriad fireworks in the hood. After many Halloweens spent with him hiding under a bed, licking his lips, shaking intensely and staring wildly before occasionally going into a seizure-like state for a few minutes, for the past few years we lapped up a hotdog tip: check out of the festivities and go straight to the airport. Fireworks are banned in the vicinity of airports. According to Transport Canada’s Canadian Aviation Regulations it is illegal to “launch a model rocket or a rocket of a type used in a fireworks display into cloud or in a manner that is or is likely to be hazardous to aviation safety.” Billy’s Halloween tradition now revolves around a visual, but silent, treat — all from the comfort of a fully soundproofed suite at the Fairmont Vancouver Airport hotel. We watch a swath of fireworks splattering across the Vancouver skyline in the distance, while close up there’s more than a few Airbus A380s and Boeing 747s wheeling past on the tarmac below With its triple glazing “only-six-per-cent-of-sound” reaches the nervous nelly pooch. Billy enjoys his Halloween in a soundproofed suite at the Fairmont Vancouver Airport hotel. Lucy Hyslop / PNG Dr. Rebecca Ledger, an animal behaviour scientist and Vancouver Sun columnist, says Billy’s symptoms are a common reaction in dogs to loud noises, and they can be far worse. “I’ve had (animal) patients who have jumped out of third-storey windows, bolted through traffic and gone missing for days, and who have developed PTSD as a result of a noisy event,” she says.  Ledger says some dogs have a genetic predisposition to noise phobia, while others are “bomb-proof”. Triggers are typically noises that are loud and sudden, such as a newspaper stand slamming shut or a fire alarm. Ledger suggests calling your vet ahead of an obvious date such as Halloween to see if a panic attack could be avoidable using a sedative.  “If this is not possible, then let your dog hide to get away from the noise as best he can,” she says. “Some dogs are happier in the bathroom, in the basement, in a closet, or under the bed where the noise is deadened. You can provide a den using a cardboard box covered with blankets too.” Other tips include keeping windows and curtains shut, and playing music to mask the noise (although we tried cranking up the radio or television, but it wasn’t easy to synchronize it perfectly with the erratically timed firework displays). Owners can also reach for the dog version of earplugs. “I love the Happy Hoodie, which is a soft snood that covers the dog’s ears and keeps the noise out,” Ledger says. Most owners worry that being attentive or cuddling the dog when its scared will reinforce the firework fear, Ledger says. “If consoling your dog in the moment helps, then do it. But, then if you really want to work on teaching your dog not to be afraid, then speak to a veterinary behaviourist about how to successfully desensitize the dog way ahead of time before the next event.”  If you’re de-stressing your pooch (and yourself) at the airport, there’s even a dog-friendly park. A winding, undulating strip with firs, pathway and even a tiny waterfall and pond, Chester Johnson Park is punctuated by the historic totems that most people pass at the airport. There’s also McDonald Beach, an off-leash area a few minutes’ drive away on Sea Island — and both supply dog relief bags, to boot.  Having booked almost a year in advance at a lower rate, Billy the spoiled pooch is still getting his 4-diamond experience again this fall. Even if we have a feeling his hearing has completely gone in old age anyway. Lucy Hyslop’s 14-year-old beagle Billy. Lucy Hyslop / PNG Alternative quiet spots for dogs The Rex Dog Hotel + Spa 760 Terminal Ave., Vancouver rexvancouver.com Jet Pet Resort 5980 Miller Rd., Richmond jetpetresort.com   Parent Traps: Teachers and parents must work together for a successful... Mary Ellen Turpel-Lafond wraps up 10 years of child advocacy Comments We encourage all readers to share their views on our articles and blog posts. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion, so we ask you to avoid personal attacks, and please keep your comments relevant and respectful. If you encounter a comment that is abusive, click the "X" in the upper right corner of the comment box to report spam or abuse. We are using Facebook commenting. Visit our FAQ page for more information. Life Videos Connect With Us Email Alerts Get the latest news in your mailbox as it happens Classified Buy, sell and trade smarter. Stories, pictures and tributes to life. View and place obituaries, and more. Share the joy. Tell the world. Read and place announcements here. The faster, fresher and greener way to shop flyers. Find the job you want in your city. View and place job listings, and more. × Share When fireworks and dogs go bang: How to save your nervous pooch some Halloween angst Email Twitter Facebook Pinterest Google+ Linkedin News All News Local News Opinion Politics National Crime World Education Weather Staff Blogs Community Blogs Business All Business Local Business Energy Mortgages Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Economy Next Technology Retail Sports All Sports Hockey Football Soccer Baseball Basketball Golf MMA Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts & Life All Arts & Life Local Arts Entertainment Food Health Fashion & Beauty Parenting Relationships Puzzles & Comics Royals Homes All Homes Buying & Selling Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Travel © 2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Driving Obits Announcements FlyerCity Shopping Careers Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Legal Privacy Terms Copyright & Permissions Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Contact Us ePaper Digital Access Manage Newsletters Contests Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix The Province (Vancouver) Windsor Star
Latest News Dow 18,923 +54.37 +0.29% Nasdaq 5,276 +57.23 +1.10% S&P 500 2,180 +16.19 +0.75% 7:05 P.M. ET Proposed Passenger Jet Could Reach Supersonic Speeds 6:55 P.M. ET Social Media Companies Tackle Fake News and Abuse 6:51 P.M. ET Preet Bharara hopeful that insider-trading prosecutions will ramp up 6:48 P.M. ET Updated Family of Chicago folk singer Steve Goodman sold ‘Go, Cubs, Go’ rights mere months before World Series 6:27 P.M. ET PlayStation Network may have been target of October’s internet attack 6:14 P.M. ET Sen. Elizabeth Warren on Election 2016 6:10 P.M. ET Ford CEO warns Trump’s tariffs could backfire 6:01 P.M. ET Sperling: What Went Wrong for the Democrats 5:54 P.M. ET Snapchat parent confidentially files for blockbuster IPO 5:50 P.M. ET The Preponderance of Evidence 5:48 P.M. ET Gene Sperling on the Unsuccessful Clinton Campaign 5:46 P.M. ET Updated Federal judge gives kids right to sue government over climate-change inaction 5:43 P.M. ET What to expect when Salesforce reports earnings 5:41 P.M. ET WWE Legend Bill Goldberg Returns to the Ring 5:33 P.M. ET Cisco sales decline likely to weigh on earnings 5:28 P.M. ET Still at Odds, Congress Returns to Work After Election 5:18 P.M. ET Updated The decades-long bond bull market is done, says Bill Miller 5:14 P.M. ET New supersonic jetliner a step closer to getting off the ground 5:13 P.M. ET Blackstone CEO on Job Growth Under President Trump 5:07 P.M. ET Dear President-elect Trump: Please do right by investors Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Aerospace/Defense The Wall Street Journal Get email alerts The Wall Street Journal Rockwell Collins in $6.4 billion deal to buy B/E Aerospace By Doug Cameron , Dana Mattioli , and Dana Cimilluca Published: Oct 23, 2016 4:38 p.m. ET Share Deal would combine two of world’s biggest airplane parts suppliers Bloomberg News A worker assembles a circuit board at the Rockwell Collins Inc. production facility in Manchester, Iowa. By DougCameron DanaMattioli DanaCimilluca Rockwell Collins Inc. agreed to pay $6.4 billion to buy B/E Aerospace Inc. in a deal that would unite two of the biggest suppliers to airlines and plane makers. The proposed deal, confirmed by the companies on Sunday, continues the consolidation of the aerospace industry over the past two years as suppliers adjust to pressures from Airbus Group SE AIR, +0.18%  and Boeing Co. BA, -1.25%   to cut costs. The deal requires approvals by regulators and shareholders and values B/E Aerospace BEAV, -0.05%   at $62 a share in cash and stock, a 22.5% premium to Friday’s closing share price. The Wall Street Journal reported Saturday that the companies were in advanced talks. Rockwell Collins COL, -0.43%   Chief Executive Kelly Ortberg said in an interview that the combination offered substantial cost synergies and the ability to cross-sell electronics and plane fittings, and positions the enlarged company to lead the development of “smart” aircraft. An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com. Also popular on WSJ.com: AT&T reaches deal to buy Time Warner for $85.4 billion Adult film actress accuses Donald Trump of unwanted sexual advances More from MarketWatch Trump carnage in bonds spells trouble for stocks Buffett just taught investors a valuable lesson ... again Trump Addresses Supporters After Stunning Victory MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Politics & Property Presidents’ weekend homes away from the White House View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Sponsored Content Alternatives in an uncertain world View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Airbus Group SE France: Paris: AIR €56.47 +0.10 (+0.18%) Volume 2.0M Open €56.45 High €56.93 Low €55.82 P/E Ratio 16.96 Div Yield 2.3 Market Cap 42.3B Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $148.11 -1.88 (-1.25%) Volume 3.5M Open $148.44 High $149.45 Low $147.19 P/E Ratio 22.55 Div Yield 2.94 Market Cap 91.7B B/E Aerospace Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: BEAV $59.14 -0.03 (-0.05%) Volume 2.4M Open $59.15 High $59.17 Low $58.53 P/E Ratio 17.98 Div Yield 1.42 Market Cap 6.0B Rockwell Collins Inc. U.S.: NYSE: COL $88.33 -0.38 (-0.43%) Volume 1.6M Open $88.51 High $88.51 Low $87.05 P/E Ratio 16 Div Yield 1.49 Market Cap 12.7B LatestNews
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Dhiraj Singh/Bloomberg Rockwell Collins Bets on Smart Jets With $6.4 Billion Deal Julie Johnsson juliejohnsson October 23, 2016 — 12:19 PM EDT Updated on October 24, 2016 — 9:48 AM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp The internet of things comes to airplane cabin equipment Purchase would be biggest in avionics maker’s 83-year history Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Rockwell Collins Inc. is making its biggest-ever acquisition in a bet that airplanes will get smarter, as everything from lie-flat seats to toilet valves send live data to inflight crews and maintenance workers. The $6.4 billion purchase of B/E Aerospace Inc. eclipses the 83-year-old avionics maker’s takeover of Arinc Inc. in 2013. That deal, just 11 days after Kelly Ortberg was named chief executive officer, provided new ways to pipe data into planes. With B/E Aerospace, Ortberg gains the largest equipment supplier for aircraft cabins -- and the chance to provide reams of new information to airline operators. “It sets us up for the future,” Ortberg said in an interview Sunday. “We’ve made major investments in next-generation airplanes. That trend is going to translate into the interiors of aircraft.” The transaction vastly broadens a product portfolio that has been centered on aircraft communications and computing equipment since Cedar Rapids, Iowa-based company was spun out of Rockwell International in 2001. The deal, which is slated to close in early 2017, is the latest in a spate of mergers involving suppliers to Boeing Co. and Airbus Group SE, which are squeezing costs as they brace for slower growth following a decade-long sales cycle. “It’s an opportunity to build a smarter plane,” Richard Aboulafia, an aerospace analyst at Teal Group, said by telephone. “Given the pricing pressure you’ll probably see more deals like this.” Share Reaction B/E Aerospace investors will get $34.10 in cash and $27.90 in shares of Rockwell Collins common stock, for a total consideration of $62 a share, the companies said in a statement Sunday. That’s a 23 percent premium over B/E Aerospace’s closing price on Friday. With the assumption of $1.9 billion of debt, the purchase comes to $8.3 billion, according to the statement. B/E Aerospace jumped 16 percent to $58.70 at 9:36 a.m. Monday in New York, while Rockwell Collins fell as much as 4.2 percent to $80.88 for the biggest intraday decline in six months. B/E Aerospace gained almost 20 percent this year through Friday, while Rockwell Collins had declined 8.5 percent. “Considering that the commercial aerospace cycle is mature, the deal price is not cheap,” Ronald Epstein, an analyst at Bank of America Corp., said in a note to clients. B/E Aerospace is the largest supplier of aircraft cabin equipment, ranging from modular lavatories to luxurious seats as expensive as a Ferrari. On a pro-forma basis, the combined manufacturer would have had almost 30,000 employees, $8.1 billion in revenue and $1.9 billion in earnings before interest, taxes, debt and amortization for the 12 months ended Sept. 30, 2016, according to the statement. The savings flowing from the merger, pegged at about $160 million, would mostly come from combining suppliers and eliminating overlapping headquarters functions, Ortberg said. Those so-called synergies don’t include the potential boost to sales that would open up when the companies are combined, Ortberg said. “At first glance, we find it difficult to clearly see how Rockwell Collins could extract $160 million,” Epstein said. ‘Smart Cabin’ Rockwell Collins has a base of business-aviation dealers that could offer to retrofit private jets with B/E Aerospace’s interiors. The Wellington, Florida-based company has very strong ties with airline customers that Rockwell Collins may be able to leverage to sell more of its avionics equipment and inflight entertainment systems. The end result may translate to better inflight service. For example, sensors in luxury seats in first- and business-class cabins, could notify flight attendants when a passenger is waking up on a long-haul flight and ready for a hot towel or glass of orange juice. “The smart cabin is here,” Amin Khoury, co-founder and chairman of B/E Aerospace, said in an interview Sunday. “It’s not something that may happen in the future. It’s happening now.” The boards of both companies have approved the transaction, which will still need to pass muster with shareholders. Werner Lieberherr, B/E Aerospace’s chief executive, will be named executive vice-president and chief operating officer of a newly created aircraft interiors division after the merger closes. Khoury will stay on as a consultant to Ortberg. Fourth-Quarter Earnings Separately, Rockwell Collins said profit from continuing operations in its fiscal fourth quarter rose to $1.58 a share, up from $1.38 a year earlier, according to a statement on Sunday. Analysts expected adjusted earnings of $1.57, according to the average of 17 estimates compiled by Bloomberg.  Sales in the period rose 4.4 percent from a year earlier to $1.45 billion, trailing the average analyst estimate of $1.48 billion. Equipment sales were hurt by lower planemaker production rates, including Airbus’s A330 widebody jetliner, the company said. For its 2017 fiscal year, the company said it expects revenue between $5.3 billion and $5.4 billion -- that’s on a standalone basis, and doesn’t account for the deal with B/E Aerospace. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Rockwell Collins Inc Kelly Ortberg Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
News Sports Go Gamecocks Go Columbia Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Customer Service E-Edition About Us Contact Us Archive Search Photo Posters Obituaries News All News Local News Crime & Courts Business Politics Education Military State Nation/World Civil Rights Charleston Shootings Data, Weather and Traffic Databases Weather Traffic Politics All Politics Elections 2016 The Buzz SC Salary Database GoGamecocks All GoGamecocks Football Recruiting Phil Kornblut Baseball Men's Basketball Women's Basketball Other Sports Columnists Josh Kendall David Cloninger Sports Sports GoGamecocks.com Clemson Tigers High School Sports College NFL NBA NASCAR MLB Golf Columnists Baxter's Blitz GoColumbia All GoColumbia Entertainment Celebrities Contests Events & Movies Events Calendar Movies Living All Living Food & Drink Pets Health Home & Garden Religion News Entertainment Books Social Place Announcement Features Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Special Sections Living Here Guide Opinion All Opinion Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter or Op-Ed Column Editorials Opinion Extra Columnists Cindi Ross Scoppe Robert Ariail Business Business National Business Technology Shop Around Local Deals Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Virtual Career Fair Cars Homes Rentals Place an ad Go Columbia October 23, 2016 12:00 PM Korean Festival, Bat Week and Halloween fun top our week’s events Dancers perform at a past Korean Festival. Kim Kim Foster-Tobin File photo/The State i LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story TUESDAY, OCT. 25 >>> RECREATION BAT WALK: 5:30-6:30 p.m. Tuesday at Riverfront Park. Celebrate National Bat Week by getting to know these amazing animals that are vital to the health of our environment. Bat Week is Oct. 24-31 and is an annual, international campaign designed to raise awareness for bat conservation. Free. Meet in north parking lot, 4122 River Drive. (803) 545-3100 >>> AT THE LIBRARY UN-DEAD LIFE DRAWING: 6-7:30 p.m. Tuesday at Richland Library Main. In honor of Halloween, Day of the Dead and all things ghostly, the library is having local artist and performer Jennifer Hill model for a spooky life drawing class. Beginners welcome. Free. 1431 Assembly St. www.richlandlibrary.com/events/un-dead-life-drawing >>> CONCERT “THE PHANTOM OF THE OPERA:” 7:30 p.m. Tuesday at Johnson Performance Hall, Darla Moore School of Business. The original 1925 silent film with Lon Chaney, “The Phantom of the Opera,” is presented with live music performed by the University of South Carolina Chamber Orchestra and guest artist Dennis James, organ. $20. 1014 Greene St. http://www.sc.edu/study/colleges_schools/music/ensembles/usc_orchestras/index.php >>> FESTIVAL USC’S FALL LITERARY FESTIVAL: 6 p.m. Tuesday in the Hollings Special Collections Library, University of South Carolina. The second installment in the Fall Literary Festival features Alire Saenz, a poet, novelist and children’s book author who was named one of the “Fifty Most Inspiring Authors in the World” by Poets and Writers magazine. Some of his award-winning works include a poetry collection titled “Calendar of Dust” and a novel titled “Carry Me Like Water,” exploring topics like identity and immigration. Free and open to the public. The Hollings Library is accessible through the Thomas Cooper Library on Greene Street. Other details: http://library.sc.edu/p/fallfestival. THURSDAY, OCT. 27 >>> AT THE MUSEUM GROWL AT THE MOON: 7-10 p.m. Thursday at S.C. State Museum. This year’s event will feature the “Wizard of Oz 4-D Experience,” a laser light show set to Pink Floyd’s “Dark Side of the Moon,” a fortune teller, live music, delicious food and craft beer. Guests can head up to the Boeing Observatory for some spooky night sky observing and take home their own custom beer growlers. Costumes are encouraged. For ages 21 and older. $35 general public and $23 for members in advance; $40 at the door. This event is 21 years of age or up. 301 Gervais St. www.scmuseum.org >>> ON STAGE “DRACULA: BALLET WITH A BITE:” 7:30 p.m. Thursday at Koger Center for the Arts. It’s almost Halloween, and that means Dracula is back for his terrifying, albeit well-choreographed, reign of terror on the Koger Center stage. The Columbia City Ballet’s annual performance, “Dracula: Ballet with a Bite,” is inspired by Bram Stoker’s 1897 horror novel. Runs through Saturday. $20-$45. 1051 Greene St. (803) 251-2222, www.kogercenterforthearts.com >>> CONCERT MENTORS: A CHORAL CELEBRATION: 7:30 p.m. Thursday at Eastminster Presbyterian Church. The Sandlapper Singers will begin the season with a concert honoring teachers and mentors. Founding artistic director Lillian Quackenbush will return as guest conductor, leading the ensemble in a selection of her favorite works from seasons past. And the choir’s new artistic director, Dustin Ousley, will incorporate pieces from his own musical training. Free. 3200 Trenholm Road. www.sandlappersingers.org FRIDAY, OCT. 28 >>> ANNIVERSARY MCKISSICK MUSEUM AT 40: 7-10 p.m. Friday at Grand Ballroom, 701 Whaley. The University of South Carolina museum celebrates its 40th anniversary with a 1970s inspired beach music gala. Patrons are encouraged to wear attire from either the 1970s or from the 1940s, the era in which the building on the Horsehoe opened. McKissick was built in 1939 as the University of South Carolina’s library. When the Thomas Cooper Library opened in 1976, McKissick became a museum to house the many objects collected in various departments and colleges across campus. Guest of honor is Rudy Mancke, USC’s naturalist-in-residence. The night also will include a dance demonstration, a silent auction and 40 craft beers from around the South. $40 (nonmembers, $50); $75 for couples ($80 nonmembers). Reserve by Oct. 24. 701 Whaley St. (803) 777-6403. SATURDAY, OCT. 29 >>> RECREATION ART ALONG THE TRAIL: 10 a.m.-2 p.m. Saturday at Riverfront Park. Art and the outdoors will converge along the Columbia Canal with Art Along the Trail, showcasing the work of artists along the north end of Riverfront Park. Artists will show their work and provide interactive art experiences for people walking by. The event is organized by the Columbia Art Center and park rangers with the City of Columbia Parks & Recreation Department. Free. 4122 River Drive. >>> FESTIVAL KOREAN FESTIVAL: 11 a.m.-6 p.m. Saturday at Korean Community Presbyterian Church. For more than a decade, Columbia’s Korean Festival has shared Korean culture through dances, fashion, music, games and food. The event raises money for local charities. 1412 Richland St. www.koreanfestival.co/ SUNDAY, OCT. 30 >>> RECREATION HALLOWEEN ROLLER DERBY: 1:30 p.m. (juniors), 3:30 p.m. (adults) Sunday at Skate Station USA. Watch roller derby, Halloween style. Enjoy two full games, a candy toss for the kids, and enter the costume contest for a chance to win prize packs. $10; free for children ages 8 and under. 290 Oak Drive at U.S. 1, Lexington. Find full game schedule and other details at https://columbiarollerderby.com. Send items to calendars@thestate.com at least two weeks in advance Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Go Columbia Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:34 Deputies enlist businesses to fight drugs and other illegal activity Pause 3:01 Will Muschamp previews Western Carolina, USC's Senior Day 1:59 Missing S.C. Woman: Lost & Found Timeline 1:14 Firefighters having 'difficulty' containing South Mountains State Park wildfire in NC 1:02 Muschamp: Lattimore 'will continue to climb in the coaching profession' 1:02 700 feet of boardwalk + Hurricane Matthew = long day 4:33 Dawn Staley wraps Ohio State win 3:53 Frank Martin reacts after South Carolina win over Louisiana Tech 1:52 Analysis: What OrTre Smith commitment means for USC 3:14 Obama: Concerns about Trump presidency, but the people have spoken Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a month ago Pickled corndogs and Steak Sundae: only at the South Carolina State Fair 3:19 a month ago Pickled corndogs and Steak Sundae: only at the South Carolina State Fair 0:32 3 months ago How the cinnamon rolls are made 1:27 4 months ago Pokemon Go players explain how to play View more video Go Columbia ZZ Top coming to Columbia Amos Lee, Grouplove to play in Columbia ‘Spirited Away’ coming to Columbia theater for 15th anniversary Author, widow Cassandra King to talk at Pat Conroy tribute in Newberry Favorite holiday events, a horse race and movie costumes top our event picks Entertainment Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Shopping Special Sections Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Shopping Special Sections More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service

Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › tech home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Augmented reality The Observer After the success of Pokémon Go!, what is the future for augmented reality? We can conjure objects into our real world as if by magic with AR, and with Pikachu and friends earning up to $10m per day, R&D departments are searching for the next phase A Pokémon Go! player hunts Pokémon in Tokyo, Japan. Photograph: Aflo/Rex/Shutterstock Simon Parkin Sunday 23 October 2016 03.30 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger While Dorothy, blue-skirted and pigtailed, clutching a wicker basket and a bewildered dog under her arm, surveys the weird flowers and pygmy huts around her, she’s sure of just one thing: she’s not in Kansas any more. L Frank Baum’s character was, it turns out, born slightly too early. In 1901, a year after the publication of The Wonderful Wizard of Oz, Baum wrote The Master Key, a novel credited with the invention of augmented reality via a pair of imagined spectacles that could map information on to whatever or whomever its wearer looked at. Had Dorothy owned a pair, she might have learned that she’d been whisked to Oz, or that her new friend the Tin Man was in need of a heart, even, perhaps, that a wicked witch is burned not by fire, but by water. It was almost a century until Baum’s invention gained a label. In a 1992 research paper, the Boeing engineers Thomas Caudell and David Mizell described a pair of “see-thru virtual reality goggles”, a device that would enhance the vision of factory workers with the complicated task of piecing together a jumbo jet’s nests of internal wiring with dynamically changing labels and information. Caudell termed this principle of annotating the seen world “augmented reality”, thereby formalising for Silicon Valley’s mavens and investors a fresh and unplundered field of technological opportunity, one that would eventually lead to the invention of Google Glass, a pair of information-spewing spectacles built, unbelievably, to Baum’s century-old definition. Who wouldn’t like a natural history programme where the dinosaurs roam across your room? If the breathless press releases are to be believed, 2016 has been the year of virtual reality – a discarded technology that, thanks to the revolution in low-cost components heralded by smartphones, is currently enjoying a lavish revival. Sony, Facebook and HTC have all launched expensive, miraculous visors that transport us into fabricated realities, fooling the brain into believing that, like Dorothy, we’ve been bodily transported to another place. At its best, VR allows us to visit places too remote, too dangerous or too expensive to otherwise reach. Documentarians are using the nascent medium to allow us to experience life through the eyes of another. But VR technology also has numerous drawbacks. As well as the cost (just 3% of Britons are expected to invest in a serious headset this year, the cheapest of which costs £350, even without the PlayStation needed to run it) there’s also the sense of vulnerability that wearers experience while sitting blind in front of the television, as well as the perils of bumping into furniture. As one Microsoft spokesperson put it, VR users are “best advised to stay seated or keep still to avoid collisions”. AR, while not having quite the same transporting effects, gets around this issue by layering its simulated elements over the real world. Through a pair of AR glasses, or a smartphone’s camera, you are able to see both the elbow-y chair and teetering lamp in front of you, and the data that overlays it. Microsoft’s apparent scepticism about VR is understandable; the company has instead focused millions of R&D dollars into AR (or, as the company prefers to term it, “mixed reality”) via its HoloLens, a see-through PC-in-a-visor that launches in November for the precise and gargantuan cost of £2,719. Facebook Twitter Pinterest Star Chart lets you annotate the night sky using GPS positioning on your smartphone. Photograph: Escape Velocity Ltd Microsoft believes that HoloLens is the next evolution for AR, technology that we have seen for years whenever, for example, a weather reporter gestures toward a virtual map behind them in a television studio, or a football pundit offers an assessment of the starting 11 in a football match, as digital versions of the players magically appear in front of them on the desk. In HoloLens the data isn’t merely layered on top of the world you’re looking at. It’s conjured and anchored into the environment around you. In this way, you can play Minecraft on the dining room table, walking around the room in order to get a different perspective on your creation. For Microsoft, it’s a way to pull the software on which we rely from our smartphone screens into the room, a holographic conjuring act that, as the spokesperson puts it, enables us to “interact with them in the same way we interact with physical objects”. For Caudell, who coined the term AR, the technology, which he believed would be adopted across industries such as architecture, automotive design, building construction and even medicine never quite took off in the ways he expected. “There were technical and cultural issues at that time that kept it in the research lab,” he says. “In that sense it was probably ahead of its time.” The pervasiveness and power of smartphones has, however, “drastically opened up the market,” he says. Meanwhile, the success of AR games such as Pokémon Go!, which was downloaded more than 100 million times in its first month, reportedly earning $10m per day at the height of its popularity, has attracted widespread attention and investment. “It’s hard to say whether all the attention is warranted,” says Caudell. “But the potential for benefit is huge.” New to Snapchat? Here’s how to join the conversation Read more At the BBC, which has been using AR elements in its programming for more than a decade, the next generation of technology is opening up extraordinary possibilities. “It’s becoming possible to break down all the aspects of a traditional programme – like a presenter, an overlay and even the sound – and treat them as separate objects,” explains Graham Thomas, from the corporation’s R&D department. This could enable, Thomas claims, new kinds of TV programming. “It might be as simple as swapping out the usual presenter of a show for one who uses sign language, or automatically editing a news report to fit the time you have available. Or it might allow you to create AR experiences by reusing the objects from a TV show in a novel way. Who wouldn’t like a natural history programme where the dinosaurs roam across your coffee table?” This kind of speculative pitching may sell AR to venture capitalists (according to Digi-Capital, investment in VR and AR in the 12 months from March 2015 to March 2016 exceeded $1.7bn) but consumers soon tire of gimmickry. “As with any emerging technology, the experiences need to be compelling enough once the novelty has worn off,” says Thomas. Besides, simplicity, rather than ambition, is where AR has proved itself. Snapchat, the social media platform beloved of tweens, where your messages self-destruct after a few seconds, has produced perhaps the most widely used AR app in the world via its novelty camera filters which, for example, add dog ears and a lolling tongue in real time to the camera feed of one’s face. Facebook Twitter Pinterest Inkhunter allows you to visualise how a tattoo might look on your body. Photograph: Inkhunter For Alex Fleetwood, the designer of Beasts of Balance, a forthcoming boardgame that uses AR to complement the play experience, Snapchat’s AR filters show how the technology can remain compelling, at scale. “Adding fun things to video has become a natural extension of putting emoji at the end of your DMs,” he says. While some point to HoloLens and MagicLeap (another AR headset that accounts for the majority of that $1.7bn in investment) as the future of AR, for Fleetwood Snapchat’s lighter, less invasive approach is a better vision. “I believe in AR much more than VR, which in my view really is a bubble. But we need to get away from the idea that AR means wearing a computer on your face. Smartphones have already intervened in our social dynamics in ways we’re still coming to terms with. I think faces are going to be a big no-go area for most people.” For AR’s architects, the possibilities of further democratising information, and placing relevant facts and directions on to the real world, may be enough to convince us to move technology from our palms to our faces. “I consider accurate, readily available information a human right,” says Caudell. “Maybe AR technology will help spread the information riches to everyone. But, yes, as with any invasive technology, I remain concerned about the unintended consequences.” As with so many technological breakthroughs and refinements in the past decade, humanity’s engineers are realising science fiction’s blueprints, without reconciling them with science fiction’s accompanying warnings. In Baum’s The Master Key, which was subtitled with a phrase that offers a rather delicious description of Silicon Valley – An Electrical Fairy Tale, Founded Upon the Mysteries of Electricity and the Optimism of Its Devotees – the protagonist is given the magical spectacles by a demon. After a fortnight’s adventuring, he concludes that neither he nor the world is ready for the specs. On the third week, he returns the invention until, he says, that time when humankind knows how to use them. “There are competing notions of what AR is going to be,” says Fleetwood. “There are the people who think we’re going to be living in some mass consensual Neal Stephenson novel. I’m very against that. I hope we’ll see those companies that put design and empathy at the heart of what they do with AR winning out.” From star-gazing to bone-labelling... 10 apps that enhance reality Facebook Twitter Pinterest Quiver lets characters from children’s colouring pages come to life. 1. Prynt This crowdfunded adaptor attaches to your smartphone, allowing you to instantly print out 2x3in photos. Also when you take a picture, the Prynt app automatically records a digital video and creates a link to that photo on your phone. 2. Bamzooki This CBBC programme, broadcast between 2004 and 2010, provided an early large-scale glimpse into the potential of AR. Children could create digital creatures on a website that were then pitted against each other in a TV studio, while the audience watched via a graphics system that mixed the creatures into the real world. There is talk at the BBC of a similar programme returning, one that potentially allows children to pit their creatures against each other on the kitchen table or in the playground. 3. Lego Most Lego stores now feature widescreen TV on the wall, relaying a continual live feed of the view directly in front of the screen. If you step into the camera’s field with a box of Lego, a virtual, animated representation of the kit inside the box will come to life in front you. 4. Inkhunter This simple app lets you see what a tattoo will look like on your body by superimposing the image on to the camera feed from your smartphone. The app comes with a range of tattoo designs that can be edited and shared with friends. It’s also possible to upload your own designs to see how well they suit you. 5. Star Chart An elegant and hugely popular AR app for smartphones that annotates the night sky. Simply angle your phone toward the heavens and, by using GPS positioning, the app will label the stars, moons and planets above you. A quicker and potentially more effective way of learning about our galaxy than any text book. 6. Snapchat In the past year, the social media platform, whose videos are reportedly watched more than 6bn times a day, subtly shifted its focus on to AR through a selection of lenses. These lenses modify the phone’s camera feed in humorous ways, swapping people’s faces, “embiggening” their eyes, allowing them, for example, to puke rainbows. Snapchat became the first company to make a profit from AR on a large scale by selling and allowing companies to sponsor lenses. 7. Google Translate Google’s revelatory translation technology, underpinned by computer learning to constantly improve its interpretation, can now be used to annotate foreign text on the fly, using your phone’s camera feed. While the technology isn’t great at handling reams of text, particularly in non-roman scripts, it can prove invaluable at handling signage. 8. Arnatomy Perhaps the closest to Tom Caudell’s original vision [see main story] for AR, ARnatomy is able to identify and digitally label bones and muscles for medical students. It uses the camera to identify replicas of human bones, and when the user places a bone in front of the camera, it identifies which bone it is and adds visuals pointing to the parts of the bone, such as where muscles attach. 9. Smartspecs SmartSpecs enhance the visual appearance of everyday objects to augment vision for partially sighted people. By a combination of a 3D camera and Android-powered software, the specs highlight the edges and features of nearby objects – from walls, tables, doorways, signposts, buggies, and even faces – to enhance visibility. 10. Quiver This relatively simple yet effective use of AR brings colouring books to life. Print out the black and white drawings, colour them in in the traditional manner. When you view the completed picture through your phone’s camera using the Quiver app the picture comes to animated life on screen. Touch the screen and you can interact and play games with the character you have created. More features Topics Augmented reality Computing Microsoft BBC Mobile phones More… Smartphones Pokémon Go The Wizard Of Oz Virtual reality Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech selected arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Technology › Augmented reality Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
null
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. U.S. + International Business 3 NYC luxury buildings to drop Trump name World Access Companies Car News Interactives America's Choice 2016 CNNMoney Sport Player ROI Who is..? The Feed CNNMoney Investigates Your Money, Your Vote American Opportunity 5 Stunning Stats Growing India Markets IBM chief to Trump: Let's create 'new collar' jobs Investing Economy Buzz Fed Focus ETF Center Premarkets Market Movers Dow 30 After-Hours World Markets America's Debt & the Economy Before the Bell New Investor Investing Guide Fear & Greed Tech Snapchat files for its IPO Innovate Gadget Connect Cyber-Safe Upstarts Powering Your World 2020 Visionaries Elon. Evolution Love Inc. Innovative Cities Agility in Action Quantum Leaps Unhackable 15 Questions With Sex, Drugs & Silicon Valley Media Personal Finance Here's how to get Black Friday deals right now Save Spend Ahead Wheels Real Estate Careers Millennials & Money Your Money Homes Calculators Money Moves 24 Hours With Money Essentials My Watch List Loan Center Small Biz Bill Murray is done with boring golf clothes Startups Empire Women Entrepreneurs Luxury Jaguar reveals I-Pace, an electric SUV Style Away Rare Drive Wealth Rich Quiz The Collector A Gentleman's Guide Millionaire Calculator Log In Log Out Airbus offers a peek at its flying taxi by Jon Ostrower   @jonostrower October 22, 2016: 8:26 AM ET Battle of the flying cars European aerospace giant Airbus has quietly lifted the curtain on an ambitious Silicon Valley project called Vahana. It's a pilotless passenger aircraft that aims to someday add a vertical component to your commute. Think of Uber-like air taxis that can beat the traffic on Highway 101 by flying over it. Airbus has shared few details about the aircraft, but recently posted its first conceptual renderings on a Medium blog. The drawings depict a craft that can take off and land vertically. It has helicopter-like struts, and two sets of tilting wings each with four electric motors. There's room for a passenger under a canopy that retracts like a motorcycle helmet visor. Airbus, a rival of American icon Boeing (BA), is best known for its large jetliners like the double-decker A380. But it's also pouring big money into the future, and holds an advantage that many aviation startups with radical concepts don't have: Experience and funding. It is developing Vahana through its A3 unit, which formally opened this year in San Jose, the heart of California's tech community. Airbus made an initial $150 million funding commitment for its new venture capital unit, which is seeking out investments in disruptive technologies to speed up innovations in aerospace. "The aircraft we're building doesn't need a runway, is self-piloted, and can automatically detect and avoid obstacles and other aircraft," A3 chief executive Rodin Lyasoff wrote in September. "Designed to carry a single passenger or cargo, we're aiming to make it the first certified passenger aircraft without a pilot." Related: Billion-dollar startups The project hopes to fly a full-size prototype by the end of 2017 and eventually have something it can sell by 2020, Lyasoff wrote. For sure, commercial or passenger use of such a machine faces significant hurdles, including a lack of established standards for electric planes and any aircraft that doesn't have pilots. Airbus isn't the only manufacturing industry pillar to explore new areas of mobility. Car-makers Toyota and Honda have sought to expand into aviation. Honda delivered its first private jet in 2015 after three decades developing new aerospace technology. Related: Hybrid plane could help develop future electric airliners Airbus is trying to tap into a nascent, but fast-growing, field: the use of battery-powered electric propulsion technology to enable on-demand services. In this case, the vision is for air taxis that use "urban airways in a predictable and controlled manner," wrote Lyasoff. Airbus announced last year that one of the first A3 projects would be a collaboration with Uber to prove a new business model for helicopter operators. NASA, too, is investing heavily in researching electric propulsion and plans to fly its own design, the X-57, in 2018. Of course, flying taxis that don't have pilots pose some tricky safety issues. Airbus says that "sense and avoid" technology will be used to prevent midair collisions, and a ballistic parachute would deploy if a craft's engines malfunction. Airbus has intentionally separated A3 from the rest of its manufacturing operations in Europe, China and the U.S. Unlike its buttoned-up parent, A3 has hallmarks of a Silicon Valley startup: It has a recruiting profile on its website for "Jane Jackalope" -- a job listing for an executive who is a "jackalope of all trades." CNNMoney (New York) First published October 20, 2016: 6:48 PM ET Social Surge - What's Trending 3 NYC luxury buildings to drop Trump name 10 of Breitbart's most incendiary headlines Megyn Kelly claims Trump 'threatened me' before debate Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers Paid Partner NextAdvisor Paid Partner 5 cards offering 0% interest until 2018 Transferring your debt to a 21-month 0% intro APR is ingenious 10 jaw-dropping balance transfer offers A $500 intro bonus has arrived A proven method to pay off credit cards Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2016 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             TRENDING ON BS #RoadToWhiteHouse #BlackMoney News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » PTI Stories » National » News Adult film star accuses Trump of sexual harassment Junko Tabei, 1st woman to climb Everest, dies at 77 Business Standard Colombia airline resumes Caracas flights after scare AP  |  Bogota  October 23, 2016 Last Updated at 07:02 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2TIUcs0 Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. ALSO READ Colombia airline halts Caracas flights on mid-air intercept Istanbul terror attack: 41 killed, airport resumes flights Big airline LATAM suspends flights to Venezuela British Airways resumes direct flights to Iran British Airways resumes direct flights to Iran Colombia's flagship airline briefly grounded all flights to Caracas after a Venezuela air force plane flew close to a passenger jet, but the company said it was resuming service following clarifications from the two governments. An Avianca Boeing 787 on a flight from Madrid to Bogota with some 200 passengers aboard was cruising at high altitude near Venezuela's western border with Colombia Friday evening when a Venezuelan military plane was spotted on radar flying a short distance away, the Colombian Defense Ministry said in a statement yesterday. The Avianca pilot immediately notified Colombian aviation authorities and sharply diverted from the flight path. Four minutes later, the military aircraft split away and the jetliner resumed its course, the ministry said. More than 90 minutes after the flight landed safely in Bogota, Venezuela's air defense authorities told their Colombian counterparts that the military aircraft was on a routine patrol. Avianca said it was halting flights to Venezuela and would reroute several flights to Europe to avoid Venezuelan air space. But yesterday, the airline issued a statement saying it would resume flights to Venezuela today "following clarifications between the governments of Colombia and Venezuela." Venezuelan officials had not commented publicly on the incident, which comes amid a tension-filled standoff between President Nicolas Maduro and his opponents over the decision to suspend a recall referendum against the embattled socialist leader. Maduro frequently accuses neighboring Colombia of plotting with his critics to undermine his rule. Relations between the two nations have been hit by a number of crises over the past decade as Venezuela's role as Latin America's leftist stalwart has clashed with Colombia's traditionally staunch support for the United States. The two countries' foreign ministers spoke to each other and Maduro, who is on a multi-nation tour of the Middle East, personally ordered an investigation, the Colombian Defense Ministry said. Defense Minister Luis Carlos Villegas and his Venezuelan counterpart, Gen. Vladimir Padrino, also spoke and agreed to strengthen their early warning communications systems, the ministry added. Colombians across the political spectrum expressed alarm, attributing political overtones to the incident. "These maneuvers put in serious risk the lives of the passengers on the plane," said Rodrigo Lara, president of the government-aligned Radical Change party. "It's more evidence of the unpredictability of Nicolas Maduro's government." Avianca is one of the few foreign airlines still serving Caracas after a number of carriers slashed service or stopped selling tickets to Venezuelans because Maduro's government, facing a severe cash crunch triggered by low oil prices, hasn't allowed them to repatriate some $3.8 billion in funds held in the country. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Colombia Airline Resumes Caracas Flights After Scare PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Buy New Age Health Insurance with Added Benefits New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Fiat Linea - 125PS Power &TouchScreen Navigation System.T&C. Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? 6 mistakes to avoid while trading online Colombia airline resumes Caracas flights after scare Colombia's flagship airline briefly grounded all flights to Caracas after a Venezuela air force plane flew close to a passenger jet, but the company said it was resuming service following clarifications from the two governments. An Avianca Boeing 787 on a flight from Madrid to Bogota with some 200 passengers aboard was cruising at high altitude near Venezuela's western border with Colombia Friday evening when a Venezuelan military plane was spotted on radar flying a short distance away, the Colombian Defense Ministry said in a statement yesterday. The Avianca pilot immediately notified Colombian aviation authorities and sharply diverted from the flight path. Four minutes later, the military aircraft split away and the jetliner resumed its course, the ministry said. More than 90 minutes after the flight landed safely in Bogota, Venezuela's air defense authorities told their Colombian counterparts that the military aircraft was on a routine patrol. Avianca said it was halting ... Colombia's flagship airline briefly grounded all flights to Caracas after a Venezuela air force plane flew close to a passenger jet, but the company said it was resuming service following clarifications from the two governments. An Avianca Boeing 787 on a flight from Madrid to Bogota with some 200 passengers aboard was cruising at high altitude near Venezuela's western border with Colombia Friday evening when a Venezuelan military plane was spotted on radar flying a short distance away, the Colombian Defense Ministry said in a statement yesterday. The Avianca pilot immediately notified Colombian aviation authorities and sharply diverted from the flight path. Four minutes later, the military aircraft split away and the jetliner resumed its course, the ministry said. More than 90 minutes after the flight landed safely in Bogota, Venezuela's air defense authorities told their Colombian counterparts that the military aircraft was on a routine patrol. Avianca said it was halting flights to Venezuela and would reroute several flights to Europe to avoid Venezuelan air space. But yesterday, the airline issued a statement saying it would resume flights to Venezuela today "following clarifications between the governments of Colombia and Venezuela." Venezuelan officials had not commented publicly on the incident, which comes amid a tension-filled standoff between President Nicolas Maduro and his opponents over the decision to suspend a recall referendum against the embattled socialist leader. Maduro frequently accuses neighboring Colombia of plotting with his critics to undermine his rule. Relations between the two nations have been hit by a number of crises over the past decade as Venezuela's role as Latin America's leftist stalwart has clashed with Colombia's traditionally staunch support for the United States. The two countries' foreign ministers spoke to each other and Maduro, who is on a multi-nation tour of the Middle East, personally ordered an investigation, the Colombian Defense Ministry said. Defense Minister Luis Carlos Villegas and his Venezuelan counterpart, Gen. Vladimir Padrino, also spoke and agreed to strengthen their early warning communications systems, the ministry added. Colombians across the political spectrum expressed alarm, attributing political overtones to the incident. "These maneuvers put in serious risk the lives of the passengers on the plane," said Rodrigo Lara, president of the government-aligned Radical Change party. "It's more evidence of the unpredictability of Nicolas Maduro's government." Avianca is one of the few foreign airlines still serving Caracas after a number of carriers slashed service or stopped selling tickets to Venezuelans because Maduro's government, facing a severe cash crunch triggered by low oil prices, hasn't allowed them to repatriate some $3.8 billion in funds held in the country. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) AP Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Colombia airline resumes Caracas flights after scare Colombia's flagship airline briefly grounded all flights to Caracas after a Venezuela air force plane flew close to a passenger jet, but the company said it was resuming service following clarifications from the two governments. An Avianca Boeing 787 on a flight from Madrid to Bogota with some 200 passengers aboard was cruising at high altitude near Venezuela's western border with Colombia Friday evening when a Venezuelan military plane was spotted on radar flying a short distance away, the Colombian Defense Ministry said in a statement yesterday. The Avianca pilot immediately notified Colombian aviation authorities and sharply diverted from the flight path. Four minutes later, the military aircraft split away and the jetliner resumed its course, the ministry said. More than 90 minutes after the flight landed safely in Bogota, Venezuela's air defense authorities told their Colombian counterparts that the military aircraft was on a routine patrol. Avianca said it was halting flights to Venezuela and would reroute several flights to Europe to avoid Venezuelan air space. But yesterday, the airline issued a statement saying it would resume flights to Venezuela today "following clarifications between the governments of Colombia and Venezuela." Venezuelan officials had not commented publicly on the incident, which comes amid a tension-filled standoff between President Nicolas Maduro and his opponents over the decision to suspend a recall referendum against the embattled socialist leader. Maduro frequently accuses neighboring Colombia of plotting with his critics to undermine his rule. Relations between the two nations have been hit by a number of crises over the past decade as Venezuela's role as Latin America's leftist stalwart has clashed with Colombia's traditionally staunch support for the United States. The two countries' foreign ministers spoke to each other and Maduro, who is on a multi-nation tour of the Middle East, personally ordered an investigation, the Colombian Defense Ministry said. Defense Minister Luis Carlos Villegas and his Venezuelan counterpart, Gen. Vladimir Padrino, also spoke and agreed to strengthen their early warning communications systems, the ministry added. Colombians across the political spectrum expressed alarm, attributing political overtones to the incident. "These maneuvers put in serious risk the lives of the passengers on the plane," said Rodrigo Lara, president of the government-aligned Radical Change party. "It's more evidence of the unpredictability of Nicolas Maduro's government." Avianca is one of the few foreign airlines still serving Caracas after a number of carriers slashed service or stopped selling tickets to Venezuelans because Maduro's government, facing a severe cash crunch triggered by low oil prices, hasn't allowed them to repatriate some $3.8 billion in funds held in the country. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) AP Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Insurance Top News Pakistan says seven of its troops killed in Indian fire at LoC Panama Papers: 415 Indians under scanner as probe widens No regrets, but govt addressing inconvenience, says Venkaiah Naidu Chill sets in early: Oppn moves to corner Govt, PM Modi hits back, says his decision troubles them Winter Session begins tomorrow: 30 protests planned outside Parliament Home World world news Venezuela: Colombia airline resumes Caracas flights after scare Venezuela: Colombia airline resumes Caracas flights after scare Avianca is one of the few foreign airlines still serving Caracas after a number of carriers slashed service or stopped selling tickets to Venezuelans. By: AP | Bogota | Published:October 23, 2016 8:53 am Venezuelan officials had not commented publicly on the incident, which comes amid a tension-filled standoff between President Nicolas Maduro and his opponents over the decision to suspend a recall referendum against the embattled socialist leader. (Source: AP Photo/File) Colombia’s flagship airline briefly grounded all flights to Caracas after a Venezuela air force plane flew close to a passenger jet, but the company said it was resuming service following clarifications from the two governments. An Avianca Boeing 787 on a flight from Madrid to Bogota with some 200 passengers aboard was cruising at high altitude near Venezuela’s western border with Colombia Friday evening when a Venezuelan military plane was spotted on radar flying a short distance away, the Colombian Defense Ministry said in a statement yesterday. Watch what else is making news The Avianca pilot immediately notified Colombian aviation authorities and sharply diverted from the flight path. Four minutes later, the military aircraft split away and the jetliner resumed its course, the ministry said. More than 90 minutes after the flight landed safely in Bogota, Venezuela’s air defense authorities told their Colombian counterparts that the military aircraft was on a routine patrol. Avianca said it was halting flights to Venezuela and would reroute several flights to Europe to avoid Venezuelan air space. But yesterday, the airline issued a statement saying it would resume flights to Venezuela today “following clarifications between the governments of Colombia and Venezuela.” Venezuelan officials had not commented publicly on the incident, which comes amid a tension-filled standoff between President Nicolas Maduro and his opponents over the decision to suspend a recall referendum against the embattled socialist leader. Maduro frequently accuses neighboring Colombia of plotting with his critics to undermine his rule. Relations between the two nations have been hit by a number of crises over the past decade as Venezuela’s role as Latin America’s leftist stalwart has clashed with Colombia’s traditionally staunch support for the United States. The two countries’ foreign ministers spoke to each other and Maduro, who is on a multi-nation tour of the Middle East, personally ordered an investigation, the Colombian Defense Ministry said. Defense Minister Luis Carlos Villegas and his Venezuelan counterpart, Gen. Vladimir Padrino, also spoke and agreed to strengthen their early warning communications systems, the ministry added. Colombians across the political spectrum expressed alarm, attributing political overtones to the incident. “These maneuvers put in serious risk the lives of the passengers on the plane,” said Rodrigo Lara, president of the government-aligned Radical Change party. “It’s more evidence of the unpredictability of Nicolas Maduro’s government.” Avianca is one of the few foreign airlines still serving Caracas after a number of carriers slashed service or stopped selling tickets to Venezuelans because Maduro’s government, facing a severe cash crunch triggered by low oil prices, hasn’t allowed them to repatriate some $3.8 billion in funds held in the country. Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaParliament winter session starts today: Opposition sees red in black & white IndiaBirla text message shows payoff to ‘Gujarat CM’ in 2012, says Arvind Kejriwal BusinessDemonetisation: SBI report had clues to possible currency pullback in March IndiaDemonetisation: Indelible ink to prevent repeat withdrawals but how isn’t clear IndiaGovernment bans Zakir Naik’s IRF for five years EntertainmentDear Zindagi Take 4: Shah Rukh Khan tells Alia Bhatt why we can't love freely and makes a lot of sense, watch video EntertainmentOh Oh Jaane Jaana singer Kamaal Khan resurfaces on Salman Khan's Twitter, see pics EntertainmentTwinkle Khanna asked Karan Johar full form of MNS, his reply will make you forget Koffee With Karan EntertainmentSkin show is not necessarily sexy, says Alia Bhatt. See pics Must Read SportsZafar Ansari pitches it on the right length SportsFit-again Dhawan to be part of Delhi's Ranji team SportsHow the mighty Aussies have fallen TechnologyWhatsApp video calling: Google Duo, Skype, Viber, etc that also offer the same TechnologyOnePlus 3T launch: Snapdragon 821 to extra RAM, here's what is known TechnologyIn a first, smartphone shipments in India cross 30 mn in a quarter: IDC  Deepika Padukone, Priyanka Chopra, Lisa Haydon: The rise of the thigh-high slit gowns Nov 16: Latest News Won’t join hands with ‘scam tainted’ Trinamool: WB Congress Demonetisation: Faced with cash crunch, 20 per cent ceramic units in Gujarat face shutdown Over 2,000 doctors of Ahmedabad Medical Association set to stage dharna against NMC Bill today Seeds of TMC’s national dreams were sown much earlier: Mukul Roy Kolkata: Taxi driver refuses to stop after tiff with passenger over Rs 10 coin, held                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Skip to search. New user? Register Sign in Help Make Yahoo7 My Homepage Mail My Yahoo7 Yahoo7 Yahoo Finance Search Search web HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING Market Stats Currencies Online Trading Education MY PORTFOLIOS Sign in to access your portfolios PERSONAL FINANCE Money Manager Videos Experts Tips & Tools Real Estate Investing Fame & Fortune Forums Photos VIDEO Expert Opinion Australian Dollar Top Stories Stock Market Columnists Currencies Companies Video Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Finance Search Wed, Nov 16, 2016, 11:14 AM AEDT - Australia Markets close in 4 hrs 46 mins Avianca suspends, resumes Venezuela flights after fighter jet incidentBy Jordi Miro | AFP – Sun, Oct 23, 2016 3:14 AM AEDT Recommend 0 Tweet 0 Share0 Print Related Content View Photo The suspension of Avianca flights between Colombia and Venezuela affects two daily flights between Bogota and Caracas one daily flight between Caracas and Lima Colombia's commercial carrier Avianca on Saturday briefly suspended flights to and from Venezuela after a Venezuelan fighter jet caused a diplomatic incident by approaching one of its planes, the company said. The warplane briefly approached the airliner flying from Madrid to Bogota on Friday, prompting Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro to order an investigation. The incident took place Friday night, when Avianca's Boeing Dreamliner carrying 150 passengers detected the Venezuelan warplane "at close range," where it remained four minutes, the Colombian government said on Saturday. The fighter jet then turned north and roared away. The incident prompted diplomatic discussions and Maduro's order for an investigation. But Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos, downplayed the incident early Saturday. "The ministers have spoken and cleared it all up, everything is normal," he said. "There's no need to worry." On the Venezuelan side, lawmaker Diosdado Cabello later called it a "regrettable misunderstanding. "I understand, to the best of my knowledge, there was a regrettable misunderstanding. It was nothing planned against Avianca in any way at all. It will be taken care of," said Cabello, who is also the number two in Maduro's administration. In the end, the suspension of two daily flights between Bogota and Caracas one daily flight between Caracas and Lima never took effect. The flights are to run as normal on Sunday, Avianca said. The airline had previously reduced the frequency of its flights to crisis-wracked Venezuela. Analysts have warned of a risk of violent unrest in this country of 30 million people. Hit by the fall in crude oil prices, the Venezuelan economy has crashed. Food shortages have prompted looting in recent months. Opposition leaders in Caracas plan mass street protests for next week, accusing the socialist government of staging a coup by blocking efforts for a recall referendum against the unpopular Maduro. Riots in 2014 left 43 people dead. @y7finance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook Top Stories » Google commits to post-Brexit UKAAP Google has delivered a vote of confidence in London's future as a technological hub after the Brexit vote by announcing … Trump links off to good start: TurnbullAAP Macdonald quits as CEO of Woolies' Big WAAP Man shot dead at Oklahoma City airportAAP Sponsored  Market Data Currencies Currencies Name Price Change % Chg AUD / USD 0.7556 +0.0004 +0.05% AUD/USD AUD / GBP 0.6065 0.00 0.00% AUD/GBP AUD / EUR 0.7046 +0.0006 +0.09% AUD/EUR Go To Currency Converter » On This Site HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE VIDEO Expert Opinion ALSO ON YAHOO7 Mail Stocks & Shares Forum Meet Single Women Meet Single Men TV Guide Easy Recipe Ideas Go Travelling Tips To Great Sex Breaking News Find Your Dream Car Weather Forecast Find A Job All Yahoo7 Services » Trending Now Socceroos Currency Converter HMAS Darwin NZ Home loans Carrie Fisher Mortgage calculator Dwayne Johnson Budget Rent a Car WGEA pay gap Free iTunes download Help / Suggestions Privacy Terms Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo7 News Network
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Microsoft, Boeing Lead DJIA Higher Monday By Paul Ausick October 24, 2016 4:01 pm EST Print Email Tweet October 24, 2016: Markets opened higher Monday following the weekend’s announcements of several big mergers and a solid earnings report from DJIA component 3M. Several big tech names are due out this week, led by Apple on Tuesday with Amazon and Google out Thursday. WTI crude oil for December delivery settled at $50.52 a barrel, down 0.7%. December gold slipped 0.4% on the day to settle at $1,263.70. Equities were headed for a higher close before the bell as the DJIA traded up 0.42% for the day, the S&P 500 traded up 0.44%, and the Nasdaq Composite traded up 0.91%. The DJIA stock posting the largest daily percentage gain ahead of the close Monday was Microsoft Corp. (NASDAQ: MSFT) which traded up 2.07% at $60.90. The stock’s 52-week range is $48.04 to $60.93, and the high was posted late Monday. Volume of 39.5 million was more than 1.5 times the daily average of around 24.3 million shares. The software giant had no specific news Monday. The Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) traded up 1.44% at $137.58. The stock’s 52-week range is $102.10 to $150.59. Trading volume was about equal to the daily average of around 3.1 million. The aerospace giant had no specific news. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE: WMT) traded up 1.16% at $69.13. The stock’s 52-week range is $56.30 to $75.19. Volume was about 40% below the daily average of around 8.5 million shares. The retail giant had no news Monday. The Coca-Cola Co. (NYSE: KO) traded up 1.01% at $42.56. The stock’s 52-week range is $40.75 to $47.13. Volume was about 20% below the daily average of around 11.8 million shares. The soft drinks maker had no specific news Monday. Of the 30 Dow index stocks 21 are on track to close higher Monday and 9 are set to close lower. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Myovant Closes in on IPO Bristol-Myers, Kimberly-Clark Join Monday’s 52-Week Low Club » Read more: Investing, Dow Jones Industrial Average, market close, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA), Coca-Cola (NYSE:KO), Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Worst Companies to Work For 40 Countries the US Government Doesn't Want You to Visit The Most Republican County in Each State Major Changes in Warren Buffett & Berkshire Hathaway Stocks: American Airlines, Delta, Kinder Morgan, Wal-Mart, BNY Mellon and More 50 Worst Cities to Live In Recent Nokia, Teva Plunge into Tuesday’s 52-Week Low Club Verizon, Chevron Dominate DJIA Tuesday SEC Awards Whistleblower Over $20 Million Solar Plants Raise Local Temperatures Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search How to Bet on Macau's Las Vegas-like Transformation Why General Motors Is Importing Hybrid Cadillacs From China Taking a Foolish View of Transaction Costs and Trading Commissions Gap names Teri List-Stoll as new finance chief Snapchat IPO could value company at $20 billion to $25 billion, go public in March: WSJ Snapchat files confidentially for IPO: WSJ Ventas (VTR) Reaches Deal with Kindred for 36 SNF Sale HCA Holdings Announces Share Repurchase Plan Worth $2B Airline Stock Roundup: American Airlines' Bullish RASM View; JetBlue, Southwest Airlines in Focus A $1 million bet: Anatomy of a high-end house flip Dow breaks below 18K, as China, Fed fears weigh Billionaires had a rough year in 2015 - relatively NASDAQ's Adena Friedman Rises from Intern to CEO Trump’s ‘America First’ Mantra Helps Rally Small-Cap ETFs Why Chesapeake Energy, Pan American Silver, and Pier 1 Imports Jumped Today Woman 'Paralyzed With Fear' After Finding Mouse Sewn Into Zara Dress: Lawsuit This Stroller Is For Every Parent Who's Had Their Hands Full At The Airport The Top 20 Tech Deals On Black Friday 2016 Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2016 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Education Election 2016 Databases Columnists Illinois Law and order Metro Nation Obits Political Fix St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel Columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print Ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 56° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Clear. Tonight Clear skies. Low around 45F. Winds light and variable. Updated: November 15, 2016 @ 4:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell The Platform Close Judy Baker, Democrat Editorial: Judy Baker for Missouri state treasurer By the Editorial Board Oct 24, 2016 (…) Judy Baker, Democrat Voters who evaluate candidates on their qualifications, as opposed to loyally voting the party line, will face a tough choice in the Missouri treasurer’s race. Republican state Sen. Eric Schmitt of Glendale definitely holds the edge in terms of Jefferson City insider know-how and fundraising ability. Other candidates on his ticket argue insider status is more a liability than asset. Democrat Judy Baker holds the edge in experience. She has actually managed budgets and exercised the kinds of financial oversight that more directly pertain to the state treasurer’s job. Voters probably won’t go wrong with either choice, but this newspaper backs Baker as having the best professional qualifications for the job. Baker, 56, is trained in educational psychology and health care administration; she served from 2005 to 2009 as a state representative. The Columbia native has taught graduate-level courses in economics and policy-making — skills the treasurer needs to manage budgets, revenues and state investments. Baker says taxpayers need easier online access to state spending and income ledgers to see how their money is being managed. She also plans a statewide program to promote financial literacy. Schmitt, 41, touts himself as a bipartisan leader. His record in the Legislature since 2009 confirms that he can rally votes on both sides of the aisle. On the plus side, he sponsored the municipal courts reform bill. On the downside, he sponsored the income tax-cut bill the state cannot afford. And then there’s his legislative bid to revoke state investment incentives for Boeing. He contends that Boeing should be disqualified because its proposed sale of passenger aircraft to Iran constitutes doing business with a state sponsor of terrorism. Schmitt’s fellow Republicans distance themselves from the idea. Both the St. Louis Regional Chamber and the Greater St. Louis Labor Council have openly denounced it. If Schmitt’s ploy was designed to garner headlines, it was foolish. Also running is Libertarian Sean O’Toole. Judy Baker, Democrat Tags Eric Schmitt Judy Baker Missouri State Treasurer Election View (…) comments From the Post-Dispatch's archives Found on St. Louis Post Dispatch powered by Newspapers.com Follow the Platform on social media Most popular Latest in section Editorial: Trump, and America, can't afford Stephen Bannon's vile views. Editorial: Missouri government should pay for the lives it steals Editorial: What part of 'get big money out of Missouri politics' do megadonors not understand? Editorial: Local schools are smart to try better disciplinary alternatives to suspension Editorial: Sometimes, medical progress requires animal research. Quick links Aisha Sultan Bill McClellan Current Affairs Kevin Horrigan Pat Gauen Tony Messenger Do you know a woman of achievement? Access our archives See ads from today's newspaper Manage your services Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2016 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
null
Latest News Dow 18,923 +54.37 +0.29% Nasdaq 5,276 +57.23 +1.10% S&P 500 2,180 +16.19 +0.75% 7:05 P.M. ET Proposed Passenger Jet Could Reach Supersonic Speeds 6:55 P.M. ET Social Media Companies Tackle Fake News and Abuse 6:51 P.M. ET Preet Bharara hopeful that insider-trading prosecutions will ramp up 6:48 P.M. ET Updated Family of Chicago folk singer Steve Goodman sold ‘Go, Cubs, Go’ rights mere months before World Series 6:27 P.M. ET PlayStation Network may have been target of October’s internet attack 6:14 P.M. ET Sen. Elizabeth Warren on Election 2016 6:10 P.M. ET Ford CEO warns Trump’s tariffs could backfire 6:01 P.M. ET Sperling: What Went Wrong for the Democrats 5:54 P.M. ET Snapchat parent confidentially files for blockbuster IPO 5:50 P.M. ET The Preponderance of Evidence 5:48 P.M. ET Gene Sperling on the Unsuccessful Clinton Campaign 5:46 P.M. ET Updated Federal judge gives kids right to sue government over climate-change inaction 5:43 P.M. ET What to expect when Salesforce reports earnings 5:41 P.M. ET WWE Legend Bill Goldberg Returns to the Ring 5:33 P.M. ET Cisco sales decline likely to weigh on earnings 5:28 P.M. ET Still at Odds, Congress Returns to Work After Election 5:18 P.M. ET Updated The decades-long bond bull market is done, says Bill Miller 5:14 P.M. ET New supersonic jetliner a step closer to getting off the ground 5:13 P.M. ET Blackstone CEO on Job Growth Under President Trump 5:07 P.M. ET Dear President-elect Trump: Please do right by investors Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Markets Stocks end higher; U.S. benchmarks close at 2-week highs By Joseph Adinolfi Published: Oct 24, 2016 4:04 p.m. ET Share By JosephAdinolfi Markets reporter U.S. stocks finished higher on Monday, with all three of the main benchmarks closing at two week highs, thanks in part to a spate of merger announcements. The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.29% finished 77.18 points, or 0.4%, higher at 18,222.89, after rising as much as 130 points early in the session. Shares of Microsoft Corp. MSFT, +1.97% and Boeing Co. BA, -1.25% led the blue-chip gauge higher. The S&P 500 index SPX, +0.75% advanced 10.17 points, or 0.5%, to 2,151.32, with technology and consumer staples shares posting the strongest gains. The Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, +1.10% climbed 52.42 points, or 1%, to 5,309.83. Read the full story: Dow, S&amp;P 500 close higher, lifted by surge in mergers MarketWatch Partner Center Politics & Property Presidents’ weekend homes away from the White House View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Sponsored Content Alternatives in an uncertain world View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 18,923.06 +54.37 (+0.29%) Volume 100.7M Open 18,858 High 18,925 Low 18,806 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Microsoft Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: MSFT $58.87 +1.14 (+1.97%) Volume 33.5M Open $58.33 High $59.49 Low $58.32 P/E Ratio 28.3 Div Yield 2.65 Market Cap 458.9B Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $148.11 -1.88 (-1.25%) Volume 3.5M Open $148.44 High $149.45 Low $147.19 P/E Ratio 22.55 Div Yield 2.94 Market Cap 91.7B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,180.39 +16.19 (+0.75%) Volume 684.0M Open 2,168 High 2,181 Low 2,166 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A NASDAQ Composite Index U.S.: Nasdaq: COMP 5,275.62 +57.23 (+1.10%) Volume 0 Open 5,241 High 5,287 Low 5,236 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A LatestNews
Recent Posts Amir reiterates commitment to combat climate change Barred candidate claims election could be delayed 8-hour ban on travelers return overruled Number of Indian nationals in Kuwait reaches 921,666 Egyptians’ remittances Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 Categories Africa Aisha Al Zabin America Asia Basketball Business Cartoon Conspiracy Theory Cricket Crime E-Paper Editor's Desk Elections 2016 Europe Fashion Football Haider Al Mosawi Hassan Al Mosawi Health Hello 965 Kuwait Legal Clinic Lifestyle Middle East Movies & Music Nathalie Basma NBA Noora S AlAskar Opinion Other News Other Sports Others Politics Real Fouz Rio 2016 Sports Subcontinent Technology Tennis Top Stories World Yalda Golsharifi Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Home Kuwait Elections 2016 Crime Other News Politics World Middle East Subcontinent Asia Africa America Europe Opinion Conspiracy Theory Editor’s Desk Others Business Haider Al Mosawi Sports Football Cricket NBA Tennis Other Sports Legalese Lifestyle Movies & Music Fashion Real Fouz Aisha Al Zabin Nathalie Basma Yalda Golsharifi Hassan Al Mosawi Hello 965 Technology E-Paper About Us Contact Us Rate Card Job Vacancies Bringing the best of America to Kuwait – Op-Ed Lawrence Silverman US Ambassador to Kuwait I am thrilled to be launching the fourth annual Discover America Week, which kicked off Sunday. Between Oct 23 and Nov 3, the Embassy will present events highlighting the best of the United States, including music, film, food, sports, automobiles, education and tourism. There will be special offers at American restaurants and stores around town, live performances from Raptor, a US Air Force band, a screening of a classic and very popular cowboy movie remake, and business seminars highlighting new areas for partnership between our two countries. One focus of Discover America Week is education. Kuwaitis have been studying in the United States for over five generations. Last year some 15,000 Kuwaitis studied in my country, double the number from just a few years ago. We welcome Kuwaiti students. During my time in Kuwait, I hope that number will increase. And I hope more students and professors from the United States will come to Kuwait to increase the number and depth of academic and research partnerships between our two countries. During Discover America Week, we will organize a seminar to highlight what students and their parents need to know before studying in the United States, so that they can make the most of their experience. Healthcare is another area of potential growth between the United States and Kuwait, and of personal interest for me. As Kuwait looks to improve its healthcare system, we will encourage US hospitals to increase and expand partnerships here. We will have a seminar during the week focused on healthcare connections. Driving down the highways and neighborhood streets of this city admiring all the new and classic American cars, I was not surprised to learn that the automotive sector represents a third of US exports to this country. Did you know that some of the first international American auto dealerships were established in Kuwait? Jeep is celebrating its 75th anniversary and will be introducing a few new models during Discover America. Boeing, the iconic aircraft company is celebrating its 100th birthday this year and just introduced in Seattle the first of 10 new 777 airplanes that it will deliver to Kuwait Airways beginning in just a few weeks. They are looking to bring hundreds of jobs to this country in the coming years. Another well-known US company, Sheraton, is celebrating its 50th year in Kuwait. Last week, GE opened the Kuwait Technology Center, the first of its kind in this part of the world. It will provide cutting-edge innovation and research, specialized training, and service and maintenance throughout the region. This center is proof that technology knows no borders. The relationship between the United States and Kuwait is stronger than ever. The number of Kuwaitis visiting the United States is at an all-time high. During Discover America Week, we will highlight some of the many destinations that even intrepid Kuwaiti travelers have not yet discovered. There will also be a raffle for a free air ticket to the United States. I encourage you to follow us on Instagram and Twitter at USEmbassyQ8 and on the hashtag #DiscoverAmericaKWT to review the complete Discover America program and to participate in the events that interest you. These events are a great opportunity to put a spotlight on the strong US-Kuwaiti friendship, and explore areas to broaden and deepen this relationship. I hope to see you at our Discover America events. By Lawrence Silverman US Ambassador to Kuwait Share This article was published on 24/10/2016 Most Read Railway project offered for bidding next year CBK re-issues first Kuwaiti coin ‘baiza’ New Saudi rules, fees for helpers, vehicles, cattle Egyptian duo held on visa forgery charges Dashti out of election race after final court ruling India banned cash without homework: Congress leader Court bars royal candidate, reinstates ex-MP Hashem Illegal Sponsorship & Absconding Jihadists say Trump's victory a rallying call for new recruits Crackdown on abuse of state lands off Seventh Ring Road Business Cartoon E-Paper Health Kuwait Legal Clinic Lifestyle Opinion Sports Technology Top Stories World About Us Contact Us Rate card 2016 RSS © 2016, ↑ Kuwait Times
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH  • Business •  Markets Money Real Estate Legal Corporate News One News Page > Business > Rockwell Collins to buy B/E Aerospace for $6.4 billion Rockwell Collins to buy B/E Aerospace for $6.4 billion Monday, 24 October 2016 (3 weeks ago) NEW YORK (AP) — The move by Rockwell Collins Inc. to buy B/E Aerospace Inc. will combine two of the biggest suppliers to airplane makers and airlines. Rockwell Collins, which is based in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, said that with B/E, it will nearly double the value of systems it sells for new single-aisle planes by Boeing and Airbus and triple its components in bigger two-aisle planes that are often used on international routes. Raymond James analyst Harry Breach said the sale added to a slowly rising number of deals in the aerospace industry, including recent Rockwell acquisitions to add expertise in in-flight connectivity and entertainment. » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Source: The Street - 3 weeks ago< > Embed Midday Report: AT&T Shares Fall Amid Deal Talk; B/E Aerospace Jumps on Acquistion 01:12 Stocks are climbing Monday as mergers and acquisitions -- led by AT&T's blockbuster agreement to buy Time Warner -- and earnings reports dominate market movement, while positive manufacturing data also gave a boost. AT&T's shares fell as it agreed to buy Time Warner in an $85.4 billion deal announced... You Might Like Other recent news in Business Stocks Close Mostly Higher Following Upbeat RETAIL Sales Data - U.S. Commentary US RETAIL SALES see strong growth GOOGLE's plans to build huge new London HQ for 7,000 employees hailed as 'major vote of confidence' for Brexit Britain Retail, WPI INFLATION cools; raises hope of RBI rate cut Deloitte says leaked BREXIT memo was written without UK government input Newsonomics: Fake-news fury forces Google and FACEBOOK to change policy SNAPCHAT artificial intelligence guru hired away by Google UK GOVERNMENT Has No Overall Plan For Brexit, Leaked Memo Says ​Google, Facebook, TWITTER, others have 30-item wish list for Trump Eurozone Q3 growth solid despite Brexit vote, Trump ELECTION overshadows outlook Twitter Facebook Page People Donald Trump Gwen Ifill Nicolas Sarkozy Michelle Obama James R. Winchester Current Topics Oklahoma City Sexiest Man Students Man Alive Spotlight 📺 Live TV 📺 ONP TV Movie Reviews Totally Aesthetic Staff Stories MOVIE REVIEW: The Accountant Is Photo Messaging a Dying Trend? Instagram Working On Video Content MOVIE REVIEW: Arrival Ronald McDonald Retired: But Will He Return? Is There Still a Chance Brexit Will Be Blocked? Would Bernie Sanders Have Beaten Trump? Genesis Reborn: Sega's Iconic Console Returns To Production Will Michelle Obama Run For President In 2020? Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2016 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Technology Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies Business Black Friday Holiday Gifts     Airbus Working On Self-Flying Car Vahana Posted: Oct 24 2016, 12:19pm CDT | by M. Affan, Updated: Oct 24 2016, 10:30pm CDT, in News | Cars & Vehicles   Credit: Airbus Airbus Working on Secret Flying-Car Project named Vahana   The secret project will focus on a flying car. The project Vahana started early this year. It is one of the first projects of A cubed. It is a part of the advanced projects and partnerships outpost of the Airbus Group in Silicon Valley. According to Vahana, they are passionate about personal flight which is the reason they are working on a flying car concept. Don't Miss: Hatchimals Deals on Amazon.com According to the company, the aircraft that is being built won’t require any kind of runway. This air craft will be self-piloted and will have the ability to detect any obstacle or any other flying craft in the way. This air craft will be designed to carry a signal passenger or only cargo. They are planning to develop this aircraft as the first, registered one to be introduced without a pilot. The company is aiming to produce and test a full sized prototype of the air craft by the year 2017. Vahana will be able to demonstrate the production model by the year 2020. Airbus which is the biggest French company to compete with US Boeing is all set to challenge new horizons with its air craft technology. The company is best known for its jetliners. The double-decker A380 is the best product by the company. This new flying car project is a little different than the conventional aircraft projects. This concept might look somewhat unrealistic but it is one of the coolest ideas that French company has put forward to.  Flying cars are a concept that are dreamt by hundreds of people. Many other companies are working on their own prototypes to produce a vehicle like this. These have led us to the compilation of drones that we commonly see these days. Thus we can actually expect a flying car coming by Vahana in the future for sure.  You May Like The Author M. Affan M. Affan covers the hottest news that captivate the web today.     Advertisement Leave a Comment Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News Get Amazon Prime for Just £59 Until The Grand Tour Premiere 5 hours ago Jay Leno Drives Ferrari F40 for the First Time 6 hours ago The Grand Tour Will Use Twitter to Gauge its Popularity 6 hours ago Tesla Model 3 to Have 30% More Energy Efficient Battery Than Model S 6 hours ago Tesla Comes to LA Auto Show with Model X and Mobile Design Studio 6 hours ago Nintendo NES Classic Reportedly in Stock at Walmart Online Store at 5pm Eastern 1 hour ago Archaeologists Uncover Stone Age Underwater Settlement 3 hours ago Best Buy Black Friday Deals Available Early in Beat the Black Friday Rush Sale 3 hours ago Facebook and Google Ban Fake News 3 hours ago Here Is Why Apple Did Not Opt For Touch Screen Macs 4 hours ago Brain Uses Colors to Help Us Choose What to Eat, Says Study 5 hours ago Apple Is Selling A $300 Photo Book About Its Products 5 hours ago Augmented Reality Maps Are Coming To iPhone 5 hours ago The Rock is Sexiest Man Alive 2016: Dwayne Johnson will Run for President in 2020 7 hours ago Back to the Future Like Solar Nanotech-Powered Clothes are Coming 7 hours ago Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Target Black Friday 2016 ad Best Buy Black Friday 2016 ad All Black Friday 2016 ads How to Find Hatchimals Deals Find NES Classic Deals Featured News Black Friday Oculus Rift and HTC Vive VR Headset Deals Are Weak Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Released   Sam's Club Samsung Saturday Sale on Nov. 19 Announced Nintendo NES Classic Reportedly in Stock at Walmart Online Store at 5pm Eastern Cars & Vehicles Get Amazon Prime for Just £59 Until The Grand Tour Premiere 5 hours ago Jay Leno Drives Ferrari F40 for the First Time 6 hours ago The Grand Tour Will Use Twitter to Gauge its Popularity 6 hours ago Tesla Model 3 to Have 30% More Energy Efficient Battery Than Model S 6 hours ago More Cars &amp; Vehicles Stories Latest News Nintendo NES Classic Reportedly in Stock at Walmart Online Store at 5pm Eastern 1 hour ago NES Classic Spotted in Stock at GameStop Today 2 hours ago Archaeologists Uncover Stone Age Underwater Settlement 3 hours ago Best Buy Black Friday Deals Available Early in Beat the Black Friday Rush Sale 3 hours ago More Latest News The Latest ... Black Friday 2016 Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Super Bowl 2017 Ads Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Black Friday The Black Friday 2016 season is here. When is Black Friday 2016? It is on November 25, but the first Black Friday 2016 deals are already on sale as of October 30. I4U News is providing its annual in-depth coverage of Black Friday 2016 ads, deals and sales at the Black Friday 2016 Hub. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2016
Edition: International | Goverment Curaçao Important Information Real Estate Advertise with us Contact us Thursday November 03, 2016 Breaking News > Main News CTB published 3rd Quarter Tourism Performance rep... Trending Topics: Hyatt - Government - Interim Government - Wiels - DAE - Elections 2012 - Parliament CTB published 3rd Quarter Tourism Performance report HBO presents the mega donors that financed the US presidential campaign in the new documentary Meet the Donors: Does Money Talk? Bahamas minister in tangle over $2-billion Chinese project Another Successful Edition of Flavors of Curaçao Perk up, men! Zika virus could shrink your testicles and make you infertile Main News Local Social Politics Economy Health Region Aruba Bahamas Barbados Bonaire Colombia Cuba Grenada Guyana Haiti Saba Saint Kitts Saint Lucia Sint Maarten Suriname Trinidad and Tobago Turks and Caicos Venezuela Tech Judicial Fashion Home Tourism Night Life Entertainment Aviation Hotels and Restaurants Columns Published On: Mon, Oct 24th, 2016 Aviation | By Edition Colombia airline avoids Venezuela after warplane approaches flight BOGOTA - Flight from Madrid to Bogotá faced Venezuelan military plane, Colombia says, prompting Venezuelan president Nicolás Maduro to order investigation Colombia’s Avianca airline was avoiding Venezuelan airspace after a flight from Spain was approached by at least one warplane on Friday, creating a diplomatic incident, according to flight data, an airline source and authorities. The Colombian defense ministry said the plane, which was flying from Madrid to Bogota, was briefly approached by a Venezuelan military plane, resulting in diplomatic conversations and the Venezuelan president, Nicolás Maduro, ordering an investigation. There was no official word from Avianca, but a source at the carrier told Reuters it had suspended flights to and over Venezuela after two warplanes approached its plane on Friday evening, forcing it out of Venezuelan airspace. Data from the online tracker FlightRadar24 confirmed Avianca’s flights were avoiding Venezuela on Saturday. It also showed Avianca’s Boeing Dreamliner took a sharp turn when flying over west Venezuela around 8pm local time, in line with a statement by Colombian authorities. The South American neighbors have for years had a volatile relationship, with Venezuela’s socialist government sometimes accusing Colombia of provocation and claims in the other direction that Caracas has supported Colombian guerrillas. The lengthy border is a constant source of tension. Both nations’ defense and foreign ministers have discussed the plane incident, Colombia said. It said Maduro “personally ordered the investigation into the case”. Venezuelan authorities did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The Colombian statement cited Venezuelan authorities as saying its warplane was on a “navigation mission”. Click Tag(s) for Related Articles: AviancaAviationNicolas MaduroVenezuela Related News LIAT flight attendants call on management to accept responsibility for issues plaguing the airline Suriname-based Fly Allways faces uncertain future Pawa, the first Dominican airline to fly to the U.S. in 20 years, announces Miami flights New low-cost carrier to service South America and Caribbean Tweet Curaçao Business News Local Politics Advertise with us Contact us All Rights Reserved. Core Communications © 2014 Advertisement CLOSE
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Comm & Energy Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Safran sales fall in third quarter, sees little impact from Rockwell deal Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Mon Oct 24, 2016 | 2:01pm EDT Safran sales fall in third quarter, sees little impact from Rockwell deal The Logo of a Safran propulsion systems maker is pictured in Paris, France, August 8, 2016. REUTERS/Jacky Naegelen/File Photo PARIS French aerospace group Safran (SAF.PA) on Monday reported a 4.1 percent drop in third-quarter sales, weighed down by changes in the pattern of engine deliveries for French combat jets and weaker demand for helicopter services after the grounding of Europe's Super Puma. The partially state-owned French company also blamed the end of France's futuristic Felin infantry equipment programme for the decline in quarterly sales to 3.517 billion euros. On a like for like basis, sales fell by 0.8 percent in the quarter and rose 3.8 percent in the first nine months. Analysts had on average predicted quarterly sales of 4.096 billion euros, according to a Reuters survey carried out by Inquiry Financial. According to a consensus compiled by Safran itself, analysts were on average expecting sales of 4.017 billion euros. "MRO (maintenance, repair and overhaul) was relatively weak in the third quarter," Chief Executive Philippe Petitcolin told reporters. Helicopter support revenues fell around 15 percent as oil firms cut flight hours due to weak oil prices and as the Airbus H225 Super Puma was grounded after an accident in April. But revenues from spares for civil jet engine rose. Safran co-produces the world's most-sold civil jet engine through its CFM International joint venture with General Electric (GE.N) and also produces engines for the Dassault Aviation (AVMD.PA) Rafale combat jet and other equipment. Petitcolin said the LEAP engine being produced by CFM for Airbus (AIR.PA) and Boeing (BA.N) was on schedule. He declined to be drawn on whether Safran would be interested in buying seats maker Zodiac Aerospace <ZODC.PA, whose shares rose following a deal by Rockwell Collins (COL.N) to buy rival interiors firm B/E Aerospace (BEAV.O). Safran made an abortive effort to buy the smaller French company in 2010 and has been linked to Zodiac again in recent media reports, though sources have denied any bid interest. "I will give you the same answer as before," Petitcolin said, asked whether Safran was interested in buying Zodiac. "We don't comment on rumours and today we don't have anything else to say on this subject. Like everyone, we saw that there is this exclusive discussion in the U.S. between B/E and Rockwell Collins. It is a further stage in U.S. consolidation." Asked how the tie-up to create a supplier with revenues of more than $8 billion might alter the sector, Petitcolin said, "I don’t expect any big changes in our aerospace world because of this merger ... in the coming months or even coming years. As of today, I don’t see any impact this deal would have on Safran." Safran, which recently announced exclusive talks to sell its Morpho identity and security business to Advent International, said it was confirming its outlook for continuing operations in 2016, including full-year organic sales growth of 2-4 percent. (Reporting by Tim Hepher, Cyril Altmeyer; Editing by Laurence Frost and Jane Merriman) Up Next Vodafone takes $5 billion charge against new price war in India LONDON Mobile telecoms group Vodafone reported a first-half net loss of 5 billion euros ($5.5 billion) on Tuesday after writing down the value of its Indian business by the same amount due to the start of a price war sparked by a powerful new rival. Nokia says telecoms gear market tough, but outpacing Ericsson BARCELONA/HELSINKI Nokia said on Tuesday it was outperforming arch-rival Ericsson in a weak telecoms equipment market, but its shares fell as its dividend plans and profitability forecasts missed analysts' expectations. Teva trims 2016 outlook on drug launch delays TEL AVIV Teva Pharmaceutical Industries on Tuesday lowered its full-year earnings forecast, citing launch delays for some drugs that have been pushed back by a year or so. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories FOCUS 360 Video: Protesting Trump’s win Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters After the Bell Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money Cramer: Trump Is a Friend of Fossil Fuels DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Why Jim Cramer Is Pleased With Rockwell's Proposed Acquisition of B/E Aerospace Jim Cramer is fond of Rockwell Collins' proposed acquisition of B/E Aerospace, which was announced on Sunday Jim Cramer Oct 24, 2016 11:37 AM EDT TheStreet's Action Alerts PLUS Portfolio Manager Jim Cramer is fond of Rockwell Collins' (COL) proposed acquisition of B/E Aerospace (BEAV) , which was announced on Sunday. "That's a great merger because Boeing (BA) and Bombardier and Airbus have been squeezing their suppliers endlessly," Cramer said. "Rockwell gets together with BEA - maybe that has has a little more heft, a little more staying power and a little more bargaining power." Rockwell Collins agreed to pay $62 a share for BEA, which trades over $58.  If you liked this article you might like Bullish and Bearish Chart Reversals What stocks have changed direction in the past week. Guy Ortmann Nov 14, 2016 12:27 PM EST Here's Who Killed It in October Dealmaking Advice Boutique banks held their own against the bulge bracket, while Qualcomm stuck with a Paul Weiss lawyer who'd only recently joined the firm. David Marcus Nov 1, 2016 5:30 PM EDT Hearst Wins Aviation Software Maker Camp Systems The media company emerges as the winner of a quick, robust auction for the GTCR portfolio company, paying nearly $2 billion, according to a source. Jaewon Kang Oct 27, 2016 7:00 AM EDT Rockwell Collins Gambles on B/E at Top of Cycle Rockwell Collins is doubling down on commercial aerospace just as the market is showing signs of a top. Company officials insist the deal leaves them better prepared for a downturn. Lou Whiteman Oct 25, 2016 5:24 AM EDT You need to LOG IN to edit your watchlist. Stocks you follow Edit Authors you follow Edit My Reading List save an article here Trending Apple Gets Ten Days to Address Its iPhone 6 And 6S Shutdown Problem In China DryShips Soars 1,500% Amid Epic Short Squeeze With Donald Trump as President, Here's What Will Happen to the U.S. Economy Apple's Smart Glasses Can Succeed, But It Has to Move Fast to Beat Microsoft and Facebook 6 Stocks to Buy When Donald Trump Is President Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Menu Home Politics Policy Opinion & Analysis Video Gonzales Heard on the Hill Hawkings Here Upcoming Events Search Nov 15, 2016 Policy Lobbyists Turn to Lame Duck, Next Congress for Business Some major interest groups dialed back on spending in third quarter Posted Oct 24, 2016 11:53 AM Kate Ackley @Kate Ackley Campaign Finance Laws Poised for Rollback Under Trump Congress Unlikely to Move on Trump Ethics Plan Warren Urges Obama to Replace SEC Chairwoman Save for later Large lobbying outfits are hoping a new administration and Congress will bring opportunities in the areas of tax policy, immigration and infrastructure. Kate Ackley @Kate Ackley Posted Oct 24, 2016 11:53 AM Save for later Many big-money lobbying clients, and the firms they retain, posted a decline in fees during the third quarter, as Congress hit the road for a long summer stretch to campaign. With lawmakers still on the trail, lobbyists say they’ve pinned their hopes on the lame-duck session and 2017. When lawmakers return after the election, they must move to fund the government beyond Dec. 9, when the current stopgap measure lapses. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., has said he also wants to push along a bill that would expand funding for medical research. Both will be major year-end priorities for K Street interests. But the extended breaks in legislating, by lawmakers who are eager to keep their jobs, have squeezed some of the lobbying sector’s biggest spenders, according to recently filed congressional lobbying disclosures that covered July through September. The reports were due by midnight Thursday. Major groups, such as the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the American Medical Association, reported spending fewer dollars in the third quarter than earlier this year — while others held steady. A notable exception was the National Association of Realtors, which boosted its lobby tab in the third quarter by more than 150 percent when compared with the previous quarter. Even that spending, however, has more to do with influencing the election than lawmakers on Capitol Hill. “The figures reported in our lobbying disclosure include federal, state and local campaign activities, and therefore tend to be cyclical in nature,” said Jon Boughtin, a spokesman for the Realtors lobby, noting that it includes spending that is not required under the lobbying disclosure law. “Given that this is an election year, it’s no surprise that the numbers have risen.” The chamber, including its affiliate Institute for Legal Reform, dropped slightly between this year’s second and third quarters from $29.3 million to $26.7 million, lobbying disclosures showed. It’s third-quarter tab was an increase over the $21.1 million reported for the same period last year. [Political Chaos May Keep K Street Busy During Congressional Lull] The chamber’s recent third-quarter report covers money spent on its voter education program and other efforts to support “pro-business candidates,” said Blair Latoff Holmes, executive director for media relations at the chamber. “As you know, there are not many legislative days in the lame-duck session, so we’re going to have to see what comes up,” added Holmes in an email. “The first priority will be a spending bill.” She noted that the business organization will continue to advocate for the trade deal known as the Trans-Pacific Partnership, though its chances of passage in a lame-duck are slim. Both presidential contenders — Republican Donald Trump and Democrat Hillary Clinton — have said they oppose the TPP, hurting the pact’s prospects into the new year. Other top spenders that reported a decline in lobbying dollars included the Business Roundtable, a group representing top executives at leading U.S. companies. The organization reported spending $3.5 million in the third quarter, down from $4.8 million in the second quarter and down from $3.6 million for the same period last year. The Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America disclosed $4.1 million in the third quarter — down from the second quarter’s $5.8 million and down slightly from last year. Some of D.C.’s largest lobbying outfits reported a decline in fees during the third quarter, including the biggest shop, Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld, whose revenue fell to $8.5 million, down from the second quarter’s $9.6 million and $9.7 million for the same period last year. Brownstein Hyatt Farber Schreck, the second largest lobbying practice, reported $6.4 million in federal lobbying fees, a decline over the year previous quarters when it disclosed bringing in $6.7 million each but a slight increase over its third quarter receipts for 2015. [K Street Money Fuels House Challengers to Victory] “We anticipate the many opportunities presented with a new Congress and administration and will continue to focus on key areas like tax reform, infrastructure and immigration,” said the firm’s Marc Lampkin, who noted that his shop had added new clients in the third quarter, such as the Navajo Nation and the Coalition for Small Business Growth. Some of the main drivers of business on K Street in the third quarter included appropriations and budget matters. More than 3,500 groups and firms, including AT&T and the Boeing Co., disclosed working to influence the appropriations process in the third quarter, as lawmakers wrapped up a short-term patch in September. Budget work attracted more than 1,000 lobbying interests including the Business Roundtable and the chamber, lobbying records show. Even though Congress did not even attempt a major overhaul of tax law this year, lobbyists still disclosed pressing the issue — more than 2,500 clients and firms reported working on tax matters. Lobbyists said that even as Congress remains on break, clients are eager to position their issues for the lame-duck session and for 2017. “If you have a client that is interested in what’s going to happen on tax reform, you better be thinking about that now and doing things now,” said Dan Tate of the bipartisan lobby firm Forbes Tate Partners. If lawmakers knock off smaller tax issues during the lame-duck, he noted, that could “impact what happens right out of the box in 2017.” Tate’s firm has seen an increase in business so far this year, he said, reporting $7.1 million in lobbying fees compared with $6.6 million in the first three quarters of 2015. “All this year it’s been unusual because the activity on the Hill has been less,” said Tate, who met his business partner, Jeff Forbes, when the two worked in the White House’s legislative affairs shop during the Clinton administration. “Depending on what happens on [Election Day], everything might be thrown up in the air. It’s more about how you game out options to make sure that your folks are ready.” Potential good news for K Street, Tate noted, is that if Hillary Clinton wins the presidency, she is likely to “be more engaged on the Hill and more focused on bringing along the Congress than perhaps the last administration has been.” Get breaking news alerts and more from Roll Call on your iPhone or your Android. Get Permissions Save for later Topics: 2016 corporations donors elections fundraising health-care lobbying outside-groups pacs policy Appropriations Budget Business Campaigns democrats Donald J. Trump Education Elections House Immigration Kentucky leadership Lobbying media Mitch McConnell Republicans Senate Trade CMPF THE SOURCE FOR NEWS ON CAPITOL HILL SINCE 1955 Want insight more often?  Get Roll Call in your inbox The Staff RC Jobs Contact Us Advertise RSS Feeds Congress.org CQ.com Events About CQ Roll Call The Economist Group Press Release An Economist Group Business Copyright 2016 CQ Roll Call All rights reserved × Menu Home Politics Policy Opinion & Analysis Video Gonzales Heard on the Hill Hawkings Here Upcoming Events Subscribe
Skip to content To Inform is to Influence IO, SC, PD, what's in a name? Menu About Information Operations Holistic Organizers IO, Cyber, SC, PD Community Calendar Information Warfare · Russia · Ukraine “This murder followed JIT’s statement on MH17,” – Russian journalist Latynina on motives for “Motorola” elimination October 24, 2016October 24, 2016 Joel Harding The killing of Arsen Pavlov, a terrorist chieftain known by the nom de guerre “Motorola,” may have been conducted due to a recent statement by the Dutch-led Joint Investigation Team (JIT) probing the crash of Malaysian flight MH17. This was suggested by Russian journalist Yulia Latynina on air of Echo of Moscow radio station,Censor.NET reports.   “This murder followed the JIT’s statement on the MH17 crash. It is clear that Motorola did not take the aircraft down – it was done by Russian military who operated the Buk. Motorola was captured on camera and one can deduce from the conversation that he knew those who came and pulled the trigger. I would note that following an investigation by Hajo Seppelt, a German journalist, people involved in the doping scandal started to die. So if others implicated in the Boeing case start dying suddenly, then, maybe, some of them will escape as Rodchenkov [former director of Russia’s Anti-Doping Center – ed.] did,” she noted.   Latynina says there may be other reasons for the murder of the infamous terrorist, such as illegal business. Read more: Terrorist Motorola’s elimination coincided with his interference in “coup” allegedly staged in “LPR” “Motorola once was a car wash worker, and in Donetsk he got everything: an apartment, which, by the way, had been confiscated by the “liberators” from the former owners, a team, a car, a wife, glory, respect and a business peculiar to Donetsk. As I have already mentioned, one of the most popular kinds of business was selling property from abandoned houses, including cars. What a splendid opportunity! You’ve come to liberate people, and they have fled. Well, you’ve got to sell their property – they are traitors, after all,” Latynina added.   “Then, in fact, it turns out that the business is risky in three aspects. First, it’s not a business but pure and simple banditry. So it’s tied to the same risks any Russian bandit from the early 90s was faced with – the risks of internal squabbles,” she said.   In addition, according to Latynina, Motorola could be “cleaned” by Russia’s secret services: “Apart from the fact that these people are having the infighting, a planned elimination campaign may have been launched by the Russian secret services who understand they won’t get anywhere with these nice heroes.”Source:http://en.censor.net.ua/n411839 Sorce: http://en.censor.net.ua/news/411839/this_murder_followed_jits_statement_on_mh17_russian_journalist_latynina_on_motives_for_motorola_elimination Share this: Pinterest Tumblr LinkedIn Google Twitter Facebook Email Reddit Print Like this: Like Loading... Related Share this: Pinterest Tumblr LinkedIn Google Twitter Facebook Email Reddit Print Like this: Like Loading... information warfare Russia Ukraine Post navigation Previous Post In Soviet Russia, We Get Out-Propagandered By A Guy in a Jingly Hat Next Post Poroshenko names conditions for Donbas elections Blogroll Big-Eye News Compilation What do you do? Commercial IOTA Propaganda and Counter-Terrorism RSS Feeds  RSS - Posts  RSS - Comments Search for: My Tweets DDoS: Understand The Growing Threat From Botnet #14 toinformistoinfluence.com/2016/11/15/ddo… 6 hours ago Russian Disinformation Review – Issue 47 – 15 November 2016 toinformistoinfluence.com/2016/11/15/rus… https://t.co/ooSOMi5H6f 6 hours ago The Daily Vertical: Putin Sees His Moment toinformistoinfluence.com/2016/11/15/the… https://t.co/KTVY3JwimB 9 hours ago False, Misleading, Clickbait-y, and Satirical “News”@Sources toinformistoinfluence.com/2016/11/15/fal… 9 hours ago RT @vivelafra: Our national media are criminally corrupt & must be punished. Let's take them down, America, starting with @CNN. #BlackOut… 10 hours ago Follow @joel_harding Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies from WordPress.com and selected partners. To find out more, as well as how to remove or block these, see here: Our Cookie Policy %d bloggers like this: %d bloggers like this:
Advertisement Manage: Subscription | Newsletter Add to favorites Make this your home page Print this page E-Edition Online Forms   Home News Local State Nation/World Financial Washington Sports Local National Lifestyle Education Entertainment Features Happenings Personal Touch Religion Opinion Editorial Letters Local Commentary National Commentary Obits Images Photo Library The Amsterdam Scene Video Gallery Specials - Autumn Special - Bridal Directory - Business Card Directory - Business Profiles - Focus Fulton Montgomery - Gift Guide - HS Football 2015 - Real Estate Guide - The Inside Track - Saratoga 2015 - Transitions - Wedding Guide Weather Archives Classifieds Mobile Apps Help Contact Us Employees Online Forms Subscribe Tuesday, November 15, 2016 Amsterdam, NY ,   Print Page Email to a Friend Comments (0 ) Recommend  (0) Advertisement Gov't bans Samsung Galaxy Note 7 phones from airline flights Saturday, October 15, 2016 - Updated: 1:50 PM WASHINGTON (AP) -- Passengers and flight crews will be banned from bringing Samsung Galaxy Note 7 smartphones on airline flights under an emergency order issued Friday by the Department of Transportation in response to reports of the phones catching fire. The order, which goes into effect today at noon EDT, says the phones may not be carried on board or packed in checked bags on flights to and from the United States or within the country. The phones also can't be shipped as air cargo. Passengers caught attempting to travel with the phones will have the phones confiscated and may face fines, the department said. Samsung has recalled more than 2.5 million of the smartphones, citing a battery manufacturing error. The South Korean company discontinued the product earlier this week, less than two months after its August release. The Consumer Product Safety Commission says there have been nearly 100 reports of batteries in Note 7 phones overheating in the U.S. One fire erupted on a Southwest Airlines flight earlier this month. In another case, a family in St. Petersburg, Florida, reported a Galaxy Note 7 phone left charging in their Jeep caught fire, destroying the vehicle. The Federal Aviation Administration had previously warned passengers not to pack the phones in their checked bags and to power them off and not charge them while on board planes. "We recognize that banning these phones from airlines will inconvenience some passengers, but the safety of all those aboard an aircraft must take priority," said Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx. "We are taking this additional step because even one fire incident inflight poses a high risk of severe personal injury and puts many lives at risk." Samsung said in a statement that it is working with the department to make customers aware of the ban. The company also urged Note 7 customers to get a refund or exchange their phones by visiting their phone service provider or retail store. The Note 7 isn't the only gadget to catch fire thanks to lithium-battery problems, which have afflicted everything from laptops to Tesla cars to Boeing's 787 jetliner. At least three U.S. airlines are adding new fire-suppression equipment to fleets in case a cellphone or laptop battery overheats, catches on fire and can't be extinguished. Rechargeable lithium batteries are more susceptible to overheating than other types of batteries if they are exposed to high temperatures, are damaged or have manufacturing flaws. Once overheating starts, it can lead to "thermal runaway" in which temperatures continue escalating to very high levels. Water can extinguish the flames, but doesn't always halt the thermal runaway. Flames will often reappear after initially being quenched. Lithium batteries are ubiquitous in consumer electronic devices. Manufacturers like them because they weigh less and pack considerably more energy into the same space than other types of batteries. Earlier this year, the International Civil Aviation Organization, a U.N. agency that sets global aviation safety standards, banned bulk shipments of rechargeable lithium-ion batteries as cargo on passenger planes until better packaging can be developed to prevent a fire from spreading and potentially destroying the plane.       Comments made about this article - 0 Total Comment on this article Title: Comments: Your Name: (optional - shown on website) Advertisement Subscribe to The Recorder   E-Edition 11/15/2016 Click here to see and download more print issues The Recorder Sports Schedule Most Popular Area high school sports calendar Thursday, November 10, 2016 Election results in Montgomery County update 3 Tuesday, November 08, 2016 Republicans take Legislature Wednesday, November 09, 2016 State news in brief Friday, November 11, 2016 WWII vet shares memories Friday, November 11, 2016 3 arrested for prostitution in Amsterdam Monday, November 14, 2016 Mary Lou Abele Starace Wednesday, November 09, 2016 Deborah L. Van Buren Friday, November 11, 2016 Amsterdam's Fedullo signs with Saint Rose Thursday, November 10, 2016 McCoski elected district attorney Wednesday, November 09, 2016 Mattice case adjourned for pre-plea investigation (2) Isabel faces Nelson for county legislature District 8 seat (1) Mead selected to replace Clayburn as county DPW head (1) (0) Manufacturing in NY picks up slightly (0) F-FCS to seek bids again for auditorium's 'theatrical' elements (0) The News in Brief (0) State police to focus on 'Move Over' law through Friday (0) Thanksgiving travel expected to soar to a 9-year high (0) Charlotte V. Loadwick (0) Facts and figures for the opening of deer hunting season (4) B-P considers joining forces to reduce its solar farm fee(4) DEC officers have been hard at work during deer season (2) LaPortes celebrate 60th anniversary (2) Taking part in an unforgettable deer hunt was an honor (2) Schools consider options for taxing solar farm projects(2) Amsterdam's Fedullo signs with Saint Rose(1) Joyce A. Drozinski (1) Robert L. 'Bob' Reidy (1) Towns are turning to county for guidance on solar farms (1) Stay Connected!   Facebook   Twitter   Mobile Apps   Newsletter Signup   Support   Subscribe   Contact   Employees Advertisement Site Index Home All News Local News State News Nation/World Financial News Washington News All Sports Local Sports National Sports All Lifestyle Education Entertainment Features Happenings Personal Touch Religion All Opinion Letters Columnists Editorial National Commentary Obituaries Photo Library Video Gallery The Amsterdam Scene Business Business Profiles Deals Dining & Entertainment Focus Fulton Montgomery Real Estate Guide Saratoga Bridal Directory Wedding Guide Transitions Weather Search Archive Classifieds Connect With Us Mobile Apps Online Forms Subscribe Employees Copyright © McClary Media, Inc. Privacy Policies: The Recorder Contact Us Tweets about from:RecorderShinder OR from:recorder_news OR from:johnp_recorder
Home Subscribe E-Edition Marketplace Visit Vermont Sign Up for Email Alerts Print Edition Subscriptions Newsstands Delivery Problems Advertise Help About The Darien Times Contact the Darien Times Additional Information Submissions News Latest News Police & Fire Business Schools Town Government Politics & Elections People Community Religion Darien Times Archives Submissions Sports Sports Features High School Youth Sports College/Prep School Sports Preview • Fall 2014 Submissions FCIAC Schools Obituaries Latest Obituaries Submit an Obituary Community Submit an Event Opinion Editorial Letters Columns Joe Pisani: DId I Say That? Rebecca Martorella: Reality Check James Rickards: The Macro View Robert Walsh: Walsh’s Wonderings Jim Cameron: Talking Transportation Editorial Cartoons Food Twins Judy & Joy Stir Crazy The Conscious Cook Arts Arts Features Stage & Screen Columns Curtain Call The Reel Dad TV / Movie Menu Stir Crazy Twins Judy & Joy The Conscious Cook Taking a Hike Go Fish A Question of Etiquette Events Automotive Real Estate Connecticut Real Estate Vermont Real Estate Classifieds Submit a Classified Ad Advertising Information Special Sections Darien! Kid’s World Education I Do, I Do Health & Fitness Arts & Leisure HOME 100 Things to Do Fall Preview Your Health Obituary: Donald J. Brown, long-time resident, World War II vet By Darien Times on October 24, 2016 in Lead News, News, Obituaries · 0 Comments Donald J Brown, a long-time resident of Darien, passed away peacefully, at his daughter’s home in North Carolina, on Oct. 19. He was known affectionately by family and friends as “Jigger” or “Doc” and he never met a stranger. He attended Fordham University until World War II interrupted his studies, whereupon he joined the Navy, serving in the South Pacific. His ship was among the first to enter both the Hiroshima and Nagasaki harbors after the Japanese surrender and he had many hair raising stories about his service. After the war, he joined his family’s manufacturing business where he worked until his retirement in 2003. He designed a number of new products, held several patents and he counted NASA, Boeing and Grumman among his clients. Parts that his company made and he personally tested with his typical exactitude, were used on the Lunar Lander and remain on the moon today. He was a member of the Noroton Yacht Club for seventy-seven years and in his younger days was an avid sailor and tennis player. More recently, he became a passionate follower of the UCONN Women’s basketball team and never missed a game. He was predeceased by his parents, Anthony and Anna Brown, his brothers, William and Arthur and his beloved wife, Patricia, who he loved and cared for during 53 years of marriage. He leaves behind his three children, Catherine Trosan (Ray), Toni Jennings (Chuck) and Donald Brown Jr ( Anne-Lise), eight grandchildren and numerous nieces and nephews, all of whom’s life is richer for having known and loved him. The family received friends at the Edward Lawrence Funeral Home, Darien on Sunday, October 23, 2016.  A Mass of Christian Burial was held on Monday, October 24, 2016.  The burial was private. Tags: japanese, Navy, noroton yacht club, UConn, World War II Previous Post A Question of Etiquette: Pregnant, don’t touch! Next Post Depot hosts parent talk on vapes, e-cigs and chewing tobacco About author Darien Times Tweet By participating in the comments section of this site you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and User Agreement Tweets by @DarienTimes HAN Network News Sites Live.HAN.Network | Bridgeport News | Darien Times Easton Courier | Fairfield Sun | Greenwich Post Lewisboro Ledger | Milford Mirror | Monroe Courier New Canaan Advertiser | Redding Pilot | Ridgefield Press Shelton Herald | Stratford Star | Trumbull Times Weston Forum | Wilton Bulletin E-Edition Subscriptions The Home Monthly Advertise Classifieds Article Reprints Print Archives Privacy Policy & User Agreement Follow us on Twitter Like us on Facebook Darien Answerbook 100 Things To Do Open House Gallery Contact Us Submissions Site Map © HAN Network. All rights reserved. The Darien Times, 10 Corbin Drive, Floor 3, Darien, CT 06820 Designed by WPSHOWER Powered by WordPress
Make Canoe my Homepage Twitter Facebook RSS Français Canoe - Technology Canoe News News Videos Photos National World Good News Science Crime Weird News Videos Oklahoma City Airport Closes After Fatal Shooting Ben Carson Isn't Interested In Joining The Trump... Oxford Dictionaries Decides On 2016's Word Of The... News Accused pedophile dragged from Bolivian jail,... 'I saw the little leg': Woman finds dead mouse in... Black man shoved into coffin on video Hot Topics Burning cubs start fire Burning bear cubs start fire in California Hate mail targets BLM The controversial activist group that stalled... Showbiz Showbiz Celebrities Television Movies Music Books Theatre Videos Photos Videos Heidi Klum Shows Up With Clones to Halloween Party Lindsay Lohan Wears Only Lingerie For Halloween Khloé Kardashian Offended Everyone on Halloween News Aniston's husband posts 'F--- Brad Pitt' on... Tragically Hip documentary coming out next year Bryan Cranston will move to Canada if Donald... Hot Topics Ben Affleck drops F-bombs in... Affleck slurs through rant Pamela Anderson, Tommy Lee... Pam & Tommy made $0 off sex tape Sports Sports Videos Photos Scoreboard Hockey Wrestling Football Baseball Basketball Videos Raptors squeak one out over Nuggets Raptors Overcome by Cavs Anderson leaves Sens for personal reasons News Genie Bouchard strips down as Kim Kardashian for... Rousey hints at upcoming retirement: 'The show... Ray Allen, the top 3-point shooter in NBA... Hot Topics Chad Johnson not happy with... Chad Johnson not happy with TSN Kessel blasts 'embarrassing,... Kessel blasts embarrassing media Money Money Videos Photos Videos Mariah Carey and James Packer are Discussing... Daniel Craig Says He Would 'Miss it Terribly' to... Which Celebs are the Most Frugal with Their... News CIBC to repay $73M after overcharging clients for... More local investors buying Toronto condos than... Twitter cutting 9% of staff, killing off Vine Hot Topics Amazon work culture Could happen here iPod demoted Put with chargers Lifestyle Lifestyle Style & Beauty Food & Drink Love & Sex Living Horoscopes Comics Puzzles Royals Videos Heidi Klum Shows Up With Clones to Halloween Party Rob Kardashian Under Investigation For Threats... Miley Cyrus Says Diamond Engagement Ring Isn't... News Prince Harry cancels trip to see Meghan Markle in... Relationship goes from 'poly' to zero Tinder to blame for syphilis spike? Hot Topics Rate the look: Celebrity look... Rate the look: Celebrity look of th day Rate the style: Celebrity... Rate the style: Celebrity look of the day Health Travel Travel Destinations Activities News Tips & Trends Tools Videos Photos Videos News WestJet's new direct flights to Belize set to... Could travellers soon be visiting a real-life... Australia's South Coast offers both creatures and... Hot Topics TRIVIA Can you ID the provincial flags? HOTELS 11 things Canadians forget most Driving Tech Tech Tech News Video Games Mobile Reviews Videos Photos Videos Raw: Deadly Train Crash in Egypt A Houston Mom Found Security Footage Of Her... Deep-Space Exploration Requires Habitats, And... News BlackBerry to install QNX software in more Ford... 6 games to scare yourself with on Halloween Lonely men are hitting on virtual assistants Videos Photos Videos Photos Tech News Video Games Mobile Reviews CanoeTech Blog News & Features Reviews News & Features Reviews News & Features Reviews Tech Reviews Gaming Reviews Mobile Reviews Canada, U.S. ban Samsung Note 7 phones from flights Returned boxes of Samsung E Galaxy Note 7 smartphones are placed at a shop of South Korean mobile carrier in Seoul, South Korea, Thursday, Oct. 13, 2016. (AP Photo/Lee Jin-man) Related Content Samsung Note 7 recall to cost at least $5.3 billion Samsung Canada says returns of Galaxy Note 7 smartphones begin today Samsung halts sales of Galaxy Note 7 New incidents defy Samsung's efforts to end smartphone woes Exploding batteries on Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 sparks recall Latest News Edmonton teens develop app designed to help curb cyberbullying Lamenting the loss of wired headphones Samsung working with Health Canada to address washer concerns Share The Associated Press Oct 15, 2016 , Last Updated: 11:55 AM ET WASHINGTON - Passengers and flight crews will be banned from bringing Samsung Galaxy Note 7 smartphones on airline flights under emergency orders issued Friday by both Transport Canada and the U.S. Department of Transportation in response to reports of the phones catching fire. The orders, which are effective immediately in Canada and at noon EDT Saturday in the U.S., say the phones may not be carried on board or packed in checked bags on flights to and from Canada and the United States or within either country. The phones also can’t be shipped as air cargo. Passengers with the phones will not be allowed to board planes. And those who try to evade the U.S. ban by packing the phones in checked luggage may be subject to criminal prosecution in addition to fines. Transport officials in both countries warned that carrying the phones in checked luggage increases the potential danger to the flight. Samsung has recalled more than 2.5 million of the smartphones, citing a battery manufacturing error. The South Korean company discontinued the product earlier this week, less than two months after its August release. The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission says there have been nearly 100 reports of batteries in Note 7 phones overheating in the United States. One fire erupted on a Southwest Airlines flight earlier this month. In another case, a family in St. Petersburg, Florida, reported a Galaxy Note 7 phone left charging in their Jeep caught fire, destroying the vehicle. Transport Canada and the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration had previously warned passengers not to pack the phones in their checked bags and to power them off and not charge them while on board planes. “We recognize that banning these phones from airlines will inconvenience some passengers, but the safety of all those aboard an aircraft must take priority,” said U.S. Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx. “We are taking this additional step because even one fire incident inflight poses a high risk of severe personal injury and puts many lives at risk.” Samsung said in a statement that it is working with the department to make customers aware of the ban. The company also urged Note 7 customers to get a refund or exchange their phones by visiting their wireless carrier or retail store. Samsung has a website at http://www.samsung.com/us/note7recall/ and a phone number, 1-844-365-6197, for customers with questions. The Note 7 isn’t the only gadget to catch fire thanks to lithium-battery problems, which have afflicted everything from laptops to Tesla cars to Boeing’s 787 jetliner. At least three U.S. airlines are adding new fire-suppression equipment to fleets in case a cellphone or laptop battery overheats, catches on fire and can’t be extinguished. Rechargeable lithium batteries are more susceptible to overheating than other types of batteries if they are exposed to high temperatures, are damaged or have manufacturing flaws. Once overheating starts, it can lead to “thermal runaway” in which temperatures continue escalating to very high levels. Water can extinguish the flames, but doesn’t always halt the thermal runaway. Flames will often reappear after initially being quenched. Lithium batteries are ubiquitous in consumer electronic devices. Manufacturers like them because they weigh less and pack considerably more energy into the same space than other types of batteries. Earlier this year, the International Civil Aviation Organization, a U.N. agency that sets global aviation safety standards, banned bulk shipments of rechargeable lithium-ion batteries as cargo on passenger planes until better packaging can be developed to prevent a fire from spreading and potentially destroying the plane. -- With files from The Canadian Press Videos Raw: Deadly Train Crash in Egypt A Houston Mom Found Security Footage Of Her Daughters' Bedroom Online Deep-Space Exploration Requires Habitats, And NASA's On It Prepared For Takeoff: Amazon Launches Its First Branded Cargo Plane Samsung Galaxy Note 7 comes with iris scanner Anton Yelchin's Parents -- Sues Chrysler ... Your Defective Shifter Killed Our Son Chernobyl May Produce Energy Again, But This Time It Will Be Clean Verizon Buys Yahoo For $4.8 Billion Reporter Called out for Pokemon at Briefing Pokemon Go Trainers Get in the Game Snapchat might start selling ads based on what's in your photos Passenger on Italian Train Describes Impact Previous Next More Videos Photos Google's hardware event Apple's September 2016 event Facebook's Area 404 hardware lab Samsung Unpacked 2016 event 'Uncharted 4: A Thief's End' screenshots New Apple products at March 21 event Social humanoid Nadine Images from CES 2016 CES 2016: 5 trends that will rule this year's show Canada on Twitter in 2015 'Halo 5: Guardians': 5 things we love about Xbox juggernaut Images from CEATEC Japan 2015 Previous Next More Photos Ads VIDEOS Most Popular Photos Videos News YouTube stars' first jobs 'Star Wars Battlefront' screenshots 'No Man's Sky' screenshots Pepper, the robot with 'heart' Ubisoft presser at E3 A Houston Mom Found Security Footage Of Her Daughters' Bedroom Online Raw: Deadly Train Crash in Egypt Deep-Space Exploration Requires Habitats, And NASA's On It Samsung Galaxy Note 7 comes with iris scanner Prepared For Takeoff: Amazon Launches Its First Branded Cargo Plane Geeks rejoice: D&D goes into National Toy Hall of Fame NES Classic Edition, with 30 games built-in, in short supply Google Daydream View setup a user-friendly entry into VR The Last Guardian: 5 things we learned from creator of year's most anticipated game Flo smart thermometer a quick, high-tech way to take your temperature Ads Blogs Greg GazinGet U.S. Cash at Canadian ATMs Greg GazinModular Pro-Ject Genie turntable pure genius Adam SwimmerPervy PS4 game protects players’ privacy with ‘mom just... Adam Swimmer‘Fallout 4′ officially announced Reviews Flo smart thermometer a quick, high-tech way to take your temperature3.5 Stars Sony's new PlayStation 4 Pro - is it worth the upgrade? Stars 'Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare' goes all out4 Stars More reviews Burning question Which iPhone 7 do you want? iPhone 7. iPhone 7 Plus. Both. Neither. Submit Results Ads Canoe Top Headlines news Accused pedophile dragged from jail, lynched news No more free beer for retirees showbiz Mike Bullard charged with criminal harassment news Teen on trial in 'Project Zombify' killing Canoe SunMedia is a member of Horoscopes Driving Classifieds Your Life Moments Your Life Moments Blogs.com flyer city News Showbiz Sports Money Lifestyle Travel Tech Games Health Videos Classifieds Life Moments Flyercity Partners Comics Crosswords Horoscopes Movie Listings Lottos Scores TV Listings Weather Follow Us Google Plus Facebook RSS Canoe Showbiz Sports Tech Travel Money Canoe Mobile Canoe.com is available on iPhone, iPad and Android About Canoe Sitemap Privacy Policy Find Help Copyright © 2016 All Rights Reserved
News Sports Go Gamecocks Go Columbia Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Customer Service E-Edition About Us Contact Us Archive Search Photo Posters Obituaries News All News Local News Crime & Courts Business Politics Education Military State Nation/World Civil Rights Charleston Shootings Data, Weather and Traffic Databases Weather Traffic Politics All Politics Elections 2016 The Buzz SC Salary Database GoGamecocks All GoGamecocks Football Recruiting Phil Kornblut Baseball Men's Basketball Women's Basketball Other Sports Columnists Josh Kendall David Cloninger Sports Sports GoGamecocks.com Clemson Tigers High School Sports College NFL NBA NASCAR MLB Golf Columnists Baxter's Blitz GoColumbia All GoColumbia Entertainment Celebrities Contests Events & Movies Events Calendar Movies Living All Living Food & Drink Pets Health Home & Garden Religion News Entertainment Books Social Place Announcement Features Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Special Sections Living Here Guide Opinion All Opinion Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter or Op-Ed Column Editorials Opinion Extra Columnists Cindi Ross Scoppe Robert Ariail Business Business National Business Technology Shop Around Local Deals Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Virtual Career Fair Cars Homes Rentals Place an ad Business October 24, 2016 9:28 AM SC unemployment is at an all-time low Construction crews work at the V.C. Summer Nuclear Plant in Fairfield County. Tim Dominick tdominick@thestate.com i By Bristow Marchant bmarchant@thestate.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story More South Carolinians are working today than ever before, helping to push the state’s unemployment rate below 5 percent for the first time since April 2001, according to state employment figures released Friday. South Carolina’s seasonally adjusted unemployment rate decreased to 4.9 percent in September from 5.1 percent in August. The state’s unemployment rate also dropped below the national rate for the first time since April 2014. “I am excited to see that a record number of people are working now than at any time in our state’s history, and our unemployment rate has fallen to a level we have not experienced in the last 15 years,” said Cheryl Stanton, the department’s executive director. Gov. Nikki Haley said in a Facebook post the report provided “real reasons to celebrate” for South Carolina. “Thank you to our loyal workforce whose work ethic is second to none and to the many companies who have invested and expanded in our state!” &nbsp; Economists, likewise, praised the report. “Usually, there’s a good side and a bad side to these reports,” said Frank Hefner, economics professor at the College of Charleston. “There’s no way to put a negative spin on this.” Hefner points out that not only is unemployment down statewide, but it’s also down in every county except one – Marion, which rose slightly from 8.6 percent to 8.7 from August to September. “That’s significant, because it means businesses are expanding in many different sectors,” he said. “A state’s not vibrant if it only has two big manufacturing centers or tourism draws and nothing else.” Charleston County had the lowest rate in the state at 4 percent, outpacing Lexington County at 4.1 percent. Richland County’s jobless rate dropped from 5.4 percent in August to 4.8 percent. Orangeburg County has the state’s highest unemployment rate at 8.9 percent, which is down from 11.3 percent in August. Joseph Von Nessen, research economist at the University of South Carolina’s Darla Moore School of Business, said South Carolina has benefited from growth in manufacturing, with BMW, Boeing and Volvo being the most high-profile examples. “Manufacturing in general is shifting south” domestically, Von Nessen said. As more foreign manufacturers choose to locate in the state, the more South Carolina develops a “global presence in manufacturing internationally... You can’t overstate the power of branding.” South Carolina’s manufacturing sector has added 4,300 jobs in seasonally adjusted numbers since September of last year, the most of any sector except for trade transportation and utilities (up 6,000), education and health services (13,500) and professional and business services (16,800). Nationally, the unemployment rate increased from 4.9 in August to 5 percent in September. Even with the increase in employment, the employment agency says South Carolina has 58,000 unfilled jobs and 112,018 people looking for work. Bristow Marchant: 803-771-8405, @BristowatHome, @BuzzAtTheState WORKING IN SC Statewide unemployment: September - 4.9 percent August - 5.1 percent September 2015 - 5.5 percent Richland County (unemployment rate): September - 4.8 percent August - 5.4 percent September 2015 - 5.4 percent Lexington County (unemployment rate): September - 4.1 percent August - 4.5 percent September 2015 - 4.7 percent Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Business Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:14 Firefighters having 'difficulty' containing South Mountains State Park wildfire in NC Pause 1:59 Missing S.C. Woman: Lost & Found Timeline 1:02 Muschamp: Lattimore 'will continue to climb in the coaching profession' 2:02 Perry Orth passionate about what his USC legacy should be 3:01 Will Muschamp previews Western Carolina, USC's Senior Day 2:13 South Carolina man dubbed "the fastest deer skinner around" 2:12 Kassy Alia draws strength from support 1:02 700 feet of boardwalk + Hurricane Matthew = long day 3:14 Obama: Concerns about Trump presidency, but the people have spoken 1:20 How deep does USC need to be in each spot on offense? Muschamp breaks it down Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 2 months ago VC Summer Nuclear Generating Station tour of the new reactors being built 0:59 2 months ago VC Summer Nuclear Generating Station tour of the new reactors being built 0:44 2 months ago Four things to know about the iPhone 7 1:30 3 months ago It's time to pick muscadines View more video Business Historic Kress Building on Main Street likely to get $700k facelift Palmetto Health Foundation announces new board members Furniture store coming to Lexington’s Main Street UNICEF is investing in tech start-ups Investments gain at New Mexico pension, permanent funds Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Shopping Special Sections Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Shopping Special Sections More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Rockwell Collins Earnings Just So-So, Spends $6.4 Billion on Acquisition By Paul Ausick October 24, 2016 8:35 am EST Print Email Tweet Rockwell Collins Inc. (NYSE: COL) announced Sunday that it has agreed to acquire aircraft interior manufacturer B/E Aerospace Inc. (NYSE: BEAV) for $6.4 billion in cash and stock plus the assumption of $1.9 billion in B/E debt in a deal with a total price tag of $8.3 billion. As we might expect, that announcement has pushed Rockwell’s fourth quarter and full-year 2016 results off the front page. Rockwell reported fourth-quarter earnings per share (EPS) of $1.58 and revenues of $1.45 billion, up 14% from $1.38 and 4% from $1.38 billion, respectively, in the fourth fiscal quarter of last year. Consensus estimates called for EPS of $1.57 and revenues of $1.48 billion. For the full year, the company said it had EPS of $5.50 on revenues of $5.26 billion. For the prior year, EPS came in at $5.19 and revenues totaled $5.24 billion. Analysts had estimated EPS of $5.50 and revenues of $5.3 billion. In its initial guidance statement for fiscal year 2017, Rockwell said it expects revenue in its existing businesses, not including any effect from the proposed B/E acquisition, to come in at $5.3 billion to $5.4 billion, with free cash flow of $600 million to $700 million. Free cash flow in 2016 totaled $530 million. The guidance is based on the following assumptions: Government Systems sales are expected to grow low-to-mid single-digits. Commercial Systems sales are expected to be about flat. Information Management Services sales are expected to be up mid-to-high single-digits. Rockwell’s offer for B/E is $20 a share, which includes $34.10 per share in cash and $27.90 in Rockwell stock for a total of $62 per share, a premium of 22.5% to Friday’s closing price for B/E. As a graphic at Rockwell’s website highlights, the two companies have complementary businesses: Rockwell has focused primarily on electronics systems primarily cockpit-related while B/E is primarily a supplier of cabin interiors. Anyone watching the aerospace industry even moderately closely is aware of the difficulties facing the cabin interiors suppliers. The poster child for this problem is Zodiac Aerospace, the French company that cannot supply enough interiors to Airbus for its A320neo and the wide-body A350. Airbus won’t even consider Zodiac as an interior supplier for the new A330neo program. Here’s an illustration provided by Rockwell on the two companies’ strengths. Note that there is little overlap, indicating that synergies are not likely to be very large. Source: Rockwell Collins Inc. But the bigger problem for cabin interior suppliers are demands from aircraft makers like Airbus and Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) to lower their prices. Boeing has been putting the squeeze on suppliers for months now. As Scott Hamilton at Leeham News points out, both Airbus and Boeing also have been reducing the number of suppliers for their interiors in an effort to simplify production and to try to wring out the best price the makers can get by offering bigger contracts. In Monday’s premarket session, Rockwell traded down about 2.4%, at $82.46 in a 52-week range of $76.03 to $95.11. The 12-month consensus price target on the stock is $92.88. Shares of B/E traded up about 16.6% at $59.00, well above the 52-week range of $36.38 to $53.25. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Bad Headlines and Huge Deals Put Top Dividend Stocks on Sale What to Expect From Visa Earnings » Read more: Aerospace & Defense, Mergers and Acquisitions, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA), BE Aerospace, Inc. (NASDAQ:BEAV), Rockwell Collins (NYSE:COL) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Worst Companies to Work For 40 Countries the US Government Doesn't Want You to Visit The Most Republican County in Each State Major Changes in Warren Buffett & Berkshire Hathaway Stocks: American Airlines, Delta, Kinder Morgan, Wal-Mart, BNY Mellon and More 50 Worst Cities to Live In Recent Nokia, Teva Plunge into Tuesday’s 52-Week Low Club Verizon, Chevron Dominate DJIA Tuesday SEC Awards Whistleblower Over $20 Million Solar Plants Raise Local Temperatures Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search How to Bet on Macau's Las Vegas-like Transformation Why General Motors Is Importing Hybrid Cadillacs From China Taking a Foolish View of Transaction Costs and Trading Commissions Gap names Teri List-Stoll as new finance chief Snapchat IPO could value company at $20 billion to $25 billion, go public in March: WSJ Snapchat files confidentially for IPO: WSJ Ventas (VTR) Reaches Deal with Kindred for 36 SNF Sale HCA Holdings Announces Share Repurchase Plan Worth $2B Airline Stock Roundup: American Airlines' Bullish RASM View; JetBlue, Southwest Airlines in Focus A $1 million bet: Anatomy of a high-end house flip Dow breaks below 18K, as China, Fed fears weigh Billionaires had a rough year in 2015 - relatively NASDAQ's Adena Friedman Rises from Intern to CEO Trump’s ‘America First’ Mantra Helps Rally Small-Cap ETFs Why Chesapeake Energy, Pan American Silver, and Pier 1 Imports Jumped Today Woman 'Paralyzed With Fear' After Finding Mouse Sewn Into Zara Dress: Lawsuit This Stroller Is For Every Parent Who's Had Their Hands Full At The Airport The Top 20 Tech Deals On Black Friday 2016 Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2016 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Stock Bulls Look Past Lower Premiums and Stay Sold on Dealmaking Anna-Louise Jackson aljax7 October 24, 2016 — 6:01 AM EDT Updated on October 24, 2016 — 4:28 PM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp 2017 Market Outlook: Fed, Leverage Headwinds B/E Aerospace rallies on M&A news; AT&T, TD Ameritrade slip Acquisitions seen as better use of cash compared to buybacks Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Acquirers may be paying less in acquisitions, but that isn’t keeping equity bulls from celebrating another round of merger mania. AT&T Inc.’s planned takeover of Time Warner Inc., at $108.7 billion the largest of the year, led a spate of announcements since Friday totaling nearly $124 billion. B/E Aerospace Inc. jumped 16 percent after Rockwell Collins Inc. said it would purchase the aircraft-parts supplier for $6.4 billion. Financial companies reached a six-week high as  TD Ameritrade Holding Corp. and its largest stakeholder agreed to buy Scottrade Financial Services Inc. The S&P 500 Index rose 0.5 percent to 2,151.33 at 4 p.m. in New York, closing at a two-week high as one of the earnings reporting season’s busiest weeks began. The Nasdaq 100 Index added 1.2 percent to a record as Microsoft Corp. led a rally in technology shares. While dealmaking is picking up, the average premium has shrunk to a two-year low of 28 percent in the fourth quarter, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Cash-and-stock transactions, which represent about 37 percent of total volume when proposed deals are excluded, also are being proffered at lower premiums. The measure has ticked up from a one-year low in the second quarter, but at 26 percent in the current period it’s below a longer-term average of nearly 32 percent. Even if animal spirits are a little more muted, the flurry is good for sentiment, said Michael Antonelli, an institutional equity sales trader and managing director at Robert W. Baird & Co. in Milwaukee. “Clients like to see that M&A because it just means companies are still optimistic about the future. There’s an optimism that encircles this many deals in one day.” Amid a backdrop of lackluster growth, many companies still have cash on hand, and buying other companies has become a more compelling way to appease investors rather than increasing dividends or making infrastructure investments, said Steve Chiavarone, a portfolio manager with Federated Investors in New York. With the S&P 500 trading about 19 percent above its five-year average price-earnings ratio, that’s made share repurchases less attractive. “When you’re trading near all-time highs, you have to ask what’s the incremental value of that share repurchase,” Chiavarone said. “To see companies engaging in M&A, as long as it’s intelligent and thoughtful M&A, that’s a better use of cash than buying more shares.” After surging as much as 7.2 percent this year to a record in August, the S&P 500 has been stuck in a 64-point trading range as investors weigh Federal Reserve policy, the strength of corporate profits and economic reports. The main benchmark for U.S. equity crept up 0.4 percent last week as S&P 500 companies looked poised to report profit growth for the first time in six quarters. The gauge trades at 18.2 times forecast earnings, the highest since at least 2009. The Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 77.32 points on Monday, or 0.4 percent, to 18,223.03. About 5.8 billion shares traded hands on U.S. exchanges, 10 percent below the three-month average. While dealmaking helped send stocks higher Monday, some of the companies involved in the latest wave held back stronger gains in the S&P 500. AT&T lingered at an eight-month low, losing 1.7 percent, while Time Warner retraced part of a two-day, 13 percent jump that came on speculation their merger was imminent. Rockwell Collins marked its biggest drop in five years, and TD Ameritrade sank the most since June. “You would think there’d be a bigger pop on all these deals,” Antonelli said. “Today’s price action, where the market jumps significantly overnight and then opens and goes sideways, doesn’t give you a warm and fuzzy feeling because it leads you to believe that a lot of people are just watching and waiting.” More than a third of S&P 500 members are scheduled to post earnings this week, including Apple Inc., Alphabet Inc. and Boeing Co. Analysts now predict year-on-year profit will be flat once the third-quarter reporting is finished, better than projections for a 1.5 percent contraction a month ago. Among other shares moving on corporate news, T-Mobile US Inc. gained 9.5 percent to a nine-year high after posting profit that exceeded estimates. Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc. added as much as 3.7 percent before paring gains as China’s HNA Group is acquiring about 25 percent of the hotel company from from Blackstone Group LP in a deal valued at about $6.5 billion. Kimberly-Clark Corp. lost 4.7 percent to a one-year low after cutting estimates for annual sales growth. Genworth Financial Inc. dropped 8.1 percent after China Oceanwide Holdings Group Co. agreed to purchase the financial-services firm in a $2.7 billion cash deal. Microsoft Corp. extended Friday’s post-earnings rally, stretching to a fresh all-time high to bolster gains among technology companies as the group closed at the loftiest level in more than 16 years. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Video Stories Acquisitions S&P 500 Index Earnings Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Science BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Elon Musk is about to test the 'trickiest' part of his Mars spaceship — a giant, potentially explosive black orb Dave Mosher Oct. 24, 2016, 8:00 AM 68,705 facebook linkedin twitter email print Elon Musk's spaceship is designed to take people beyond Mars. SpaceX/Flickr (public domain) Less than a month ago, Elon Musk shared his audacious plan to launch a million people to Mars and beyond, all in hopes of backing up humanity for if and when some future apocalyptic calamity dooms Earth. Musk's 63-minute presentation showed off intricate computer renderings of rockets and spaceships, all parts of his so-called Interplanetary Transport System. Because he had to skip over a lot of technical details, however, Musk logged on to Reddit on Sunday afternoon to let his most discerning fans squeeze information from him in an "Ask Me Anything" session. During that Q&A session, Musk shared news of a very important test that SpaceX has planned "in the coming weeks": filling up an enormous carbon-fiber fuel tank, shown below, that will be essential to making the ITS spaceship work. The tank, which happens to be the spaceship's core structure, has to withstand incredible pressures and stresses at blisteringly cold temperatures — otherwise it might leak or even explode. Elon Musk/SpaceX Musk shared images of the massive structure toward the end of his September 27 talk at the International Astronomical Congress. When user nalyd8991 asked Musk for more information about it on Sunday in the r/SpaceX subreddit, Musk said the gargantuan carbon-fiber tank "was really the big news" of his IAC talk — or at least "for those that know their stuff." 'The hardest part of the spaceship' "This is really the hardest part of the spaceship," Musk said at the September IAC talk. "The other pieces ... we have a pretty good handle on, but this was the trickiest one. So we wanted to tackle it first." In short, the entire spaceship will be built around such a tank — so getting it right is crucial. Here's where designs place it in the spaceship: Elon Musk/SpaceX; Business Insider Carbon-fiber fuel tanks for spacecraft aren't a new concept, as Boeing and NASA began work on a huge ones 2014, but we've never seen one this enormous at roughly 40 feet wide. Here's what it looks like from the inside: SpaceX/YouTube Engineers most likely chose to make the tank out of carbon fiber because that material is lighter, shrinks less, and is stronger than the metal alloys that many cryogenic fuel tanks are made out of. So it will presumably make for safer transport to Mars while using less fuel (though at a considerably higher cost of construction). The material isn't easy to work with, though, as Musk explained during his IAC talk: "Even though carbon fiber has incredible strength-to-weight, when you want one of them put super-cold liquid oxygen and liquid methane — particularly liquid oxygen — in the tank, it's subject to cracking and leaking and it's a very difficult thing to make. "Just the sheer scale of it is also challenging, because you've gotta lay out the carbon fiber in exactly the right way on a huge mold, and you've gotta cure that mold at temperature, and then it's ... just really hard to make large carbon-fiber structures that can do all of those things and carry incredible loads." During his Reddit AMA on Sunday, Musk dropped a few bits of new information about the tank as well: "The flight tank will actually be slightly longer than the development tank shown, but the same diameter," Musk said. He also said it was "built with latest and greatest carbon fiber prepreg," or carbon fiber that's pre-impregnated with a resin to make it tougher. "In theory, it should hold cryogenic propellant without leaking and without a sealing linker," he said. "Early tests are promising." Finally, he teased a much grander test: "Will take it up to 2/3 of burst pressure on an ocean barge in the coming weeks." Though Musk didn't answer any follow-up questions about this mysterious ocean test, we assume that by "barge" he means one of the robotic drone ships that have caught a handful of SpaceX's self-landing Falcon 9 rocket boosters in the recent past, such as the one shown below. SpaceX/Flickr (public domain) We also don't yet know how SpaceX plans to pressurize the giant black tank. It could be with plain old air, but it might be its fuel of choice for Mars: flammable (and explosive) methane gas. Several things might suggest this: First, lugging a giant orb out into the middle of the ocean sounds like no simple effort, which implies the company is doing so out of an expectation that the device could not just merely leak but burst or explode. If no one is around and it blows up, its shrapnel (and possibly flames) can't hurt anyone. SpaceX's ocean barges, however, have proved capable of withstanding punishing explosions in the past: Second, Musk said SpaceX performed "initial tests with the cryogenic propellant" that "actually look quite positive." "We have not seen any leaks or major issues," he added. If the company has already pumped methane into the spherical tank before, it stands to reason that it will try again to get even more data on its performance for incorporating into a flight version. SpaceX representatives declined to provide Business Insider with more details on the test, including what would be pressurizing the orb or when it might happen. SEE ALSO: Here's Elon Musk's complete, sweeping vision on colonizing Mars to save humanity DON'T MISS: SpaceX and its biggest competitors are waging a space battle on Capitol Hill NOW WATCH: Elon Musk on going to Mars — ‘The probability of death is quite high' Loading video... More: SpaceX Elon Musk Mars colony Fuel tank Space Exploration Rocket science Space facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Elon Musk is about to test the 'trickiest' part of his Mars spaceship — a giant, potentially explosive black orb Elon Musk is about to test the 'trickiest' part of his Mars spaceship — a giant, potentially explosive black orb Less than a month ago, Elon Musk shared his... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Science Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Science Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Latino Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Personal Finance Media & Advertising Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Rockwell Purchases B/E Aerospace for $6.4B ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Cockpit equipment made by Rockwell Collins. (Reuters) Rockwell Purchases B/E Aerospace for $6.4B Published October 24, 2016 Industries Reuters Facebook Twitter Print After two years of looking to expand, aircraft component maker Rockwell Collins has struck a deal to buy aircraft interior maker B/E Aerospace for $62 a share in cash and stock, the companies said on Sunday. Continue Reading Below The acquisition, valued at $6.4 billion plus the assumption of $1.9 billion in debt, expands the range of products Rockwell Collins supplies to major commercial and business aircraft and broadens its customer base internationally. Rockwell on Sunday also reported a 14 percent increase in profit to $1.58 a share in its fiscal fourth quarter ended Sept. 30, on a 4 percent rise in sales. The acquisition, which is expected to be completed next spring, allows both companies to sell to each other’s customers and to deploy Rockwell’s capability with onboard connectivity to make internet-enabled seats, galleys, lavatories and other cabin systems that B/E Aerospace provides. “B/E is very strong in relationships with airlines,” Rockwell Chief Executive Officer Kelly Ortberg said in an interview. “We're stronger with aircraft makers as well as business aviation operators and the military. We’ll be able to sell our respective products into a much broader market base than either of us could do independently.” B/E Aerospace plans to use Rockwell’s dealer network and relationships with business jet owners, for example, to know when jets are coming in for avionics upgrades. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT “Having that information and time to market directly to the owners of the aircraft is a tremendous opportunity that we're looking to take advantage of,” said Amin Khoury, B/E Aerospace founder and chairman. “It's not something we can do on our own.” The combination is expected to produce cost savings of about $160 million, with 90 percent captured in the first full year of the acquisition, and provide a double-digit percentage boost to per-share earnings in the first full year, the companies said. They also anticipate it generating more than $6 billion in free cash flow over five years. The cost savings come from eliminating public company administration at B/E Aerospace, greater buying power with suppliers, consolidating information technology system and using low-cost factory labor across the combined company, Ortberg said.   LITTLE PRODUCT OVERLAP Rockwell agreed to pay $34.10 a share in cash and $27.90 in shares of Rockwell Collins stock, a 22.5 percent premium to B/E Aerospace's closing price on Friday. The purchase will curb Rockwell’s appetite for big deals for about three years, but the company will still be looking for smaller acquisitions while paying down debt, Ortberg said. The companies have little product overlap. Rockwell is best known for avionics, flight control systems and cabin connectivity, while B/E Aerospace is a major provider of aircraft seats, galleys, lighting and other systems. Rockwell, based in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, has market value of about $11 billion, more than twice the size of Wellington, Florida-based B/E Aerospace, which has a market value of $5.1 billion. The offer represents a 22.5 percent premium to B/E Aerospace's closing price on Friday. B/E Aerospace brings more aftermarket and aircraft retrofit business to Rockwell, which is mainly focused on new equipment, and also adds exposure to twin-aisle aircraft, said Richard Aboulafia, an aerospace analyst at the Teal Group. Combined sales will be about evenly split between the U.S. domestic market and international markets, Ortberg said. Pricing pressures from Boeing and Airbus are one driver of such a deal. "But it's also a pretty clear indicator that the market has peaked in terms of deliveries and orders," Aboulafia said of new aircraft sales. "In this environment, consolidation is inevitable as a cost-control move." Ortberg said that while cost was a factor, "It’s really the transition to the digital airplane that's creating the perfect timing to bring these two entities together.” Rockwell’s board set up a committee two years ago to examine whether to grow by expanding into new markets or partnering to use existing sales channels. “We thought that (latter strategy) was a much better approach,” he said.   (Reporting by Alwyn Scott in New York; Additional reporting by Jilian Mincer in New York and Mike Stone in Washington; Editing by Bill Trott and Peter Cooney) Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. © 2016 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
Mittwoch, 16.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»Advanced Composite Market to Reach $33.44 Billion by 2024: Grand View Research, Inc. 24.10.2016 | 11:01 (2 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) PR Newswire·Mehr Nachrichten von PR Newswire Advanced Composite Market to Reach $33.44 Billion by 2024: Grand View Research, Inc. SAN FRANCISCO, October 24, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Globaladvanced composite marketis expected to reach USD 33.44 billion by 2024, according to a new report by Grand View Research, Inc. Growing market penetration of the product in the automotive and marine application is expected to drive growth over the forecast period. Rising need for sustainable renewable energy source coupled with low capital cost as compared to the majority of conventional sources is have a positive impact on wind turbine market, which in turn is likely to propel growth over the forecast period. The utilization of lightweight materials to reduce the resistance of turbines to wind and increase the production rate of electricity is expected to increase the penetration of advanced composites in the wind turbine industry over the next eight years. (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150105/723757 ) Advanced carbon fibers are expected to gain share owing to the declining prices owing to various process improvements. Increasing investment in the defense subsector is likely to have a positive impact on the demand for aramid fibers. The gradual recovery of the defense industry in North America is expected to be a contributing factor for growth. Furthermore, technologies including fluid handling for manufacturing advanced composites is expected to reduce cycle time, improve yield and reduce wastage & cleaning time which in turn will increase the rate of production and market growth. Browse full research report with TOC on "Advanced Composites Market Analysis By Product (Aramid, Carbon, Glass), By Application [Aramid (Aerospace & Defense, Automotive, Construction, Marine), Carbon (Aerospace & Defense, Automotive, Construction, Marine, Pipes & Tanks, Sporting Goods, Wind Energy), Glass (Aerospace & Defense, Automotive, Construction, Marine, Pipes & Tanks, Sporting Goods, Wind Energy)] And Segment Forecasts To 2024" at: http://www.grandviewresearch.com/industry-analysis/advanced-composites-market Further key findings from the report suggest: Carbon advanced composites are expected to be the fastest growing product segment over the forecast period, growing at over 9% from 2016 to 2024. The growing application scope of the product in the manufacturing of wind energy turbines and aerospace components are expected to be the two major aspects driving the demand. Aerospace & defense application accounted for over 65% of the overall industry in 2015. Growing air passenger traffic and the resultant surge in the manufacturing of airplanes in North America and Europe is expected to drive the growth over the forecast period. The increasing penetration of the product in the industry is expected to be the contributing factor for rising demand. Wind turbine industry is expected to grow at a CAGR of over 6% from 2016 to 2024. The increasing utilization of glass and carbon products coupled with rapid wind turbine industry growth is expected to bolster industry growth over the forecast period. Growing need for an alternative source of energy is expected to be the contributing factor for advanced composites industry growth. Growing application of aramid composites in the defense sector is expected to be a breakthrough for the industry market growth. The high performance efficiency delivered by the products owing to the diversified characteristics including low density, lightweight, and high strength is likely to drive the product demand in the sector over the next eight years. Furthermore, rising global political instability expected to increase the investment in the defense sector which in turn is likely to aid market growth. North America accounted for over 35% of the overall revenue share in 2015. The presence of the leading aerospace manufacturer, The Boeing Company is expected to be a key aspect for industry growth over the forecast period. High consumer per capita income and willingness to spend on luxury vehicles is expected to aid the growth of advanced composites in the automotive industry of the region. Key players in the industry include Toray Industries, Inc., Teijin Limited, Hexcel Corporation and Cytec Solvay Group. Acquisition of Zoltek Companies, Inc. by Toray Industries, Inc. is expected to give an edge in the highly competitive industry. Teijin has announced the acquisition of Continental Structural Plastics Holdings Corporation to expands its composites business. Browse related reports by Grand View Research: Earthenware Market - http://www.grandviewresearch.com/industry-analysis/earthenware-market Carbon Fiber Market - http://www.grandviewresearch.com/industry-analysis/carbon-fiber-market-analysis Canvas Products Market - http://www.grandviewresearch.com/industry-analysis/canvas-products-market Abrasives Market - http://www.grandviewresearch.com/industry-analysis/abrasives-market Grand View Research has segmented the advanced composite market on the basis of product, application and region: Product Outlook (Volume, Kilo Tons; Revenue USD Million, 2013 - 2024) Aramid Carbon Glass Application Outlook (Volume, Kilo Tons; Revenue USD Million, 2013 - 2024) Aramid Aerospace & Defense Automotive Construction Marine Others Carbon Aerospace & Defense Automotive Construction Marine Pipes & Tanks Sporting Goods Wind Energy Others Glass Aerospace & Defense Automotive Construction Marine Pipes & Tanks Sporting Goods Wind Energy Others Regional Outlook (Volume, Kilo Tons; Revenue, USD Million, 2013 - 2024) North America U.S. Europe Germany UK Asia Pacific China India Japan Central & South America Brazil Middle East & Africa Access research Insight - http://www.grandviewresearch.com/research-insights/advanced-composites-market-application-scope-aerospace-defense-sector-drive-growth About Grand View Research Grand View Research, Inc. is a U.S. based market research and consulting company, registered in the State of California and headquartered in San Francisco. Thecompany provides syndicated research reports, customized research reports, and consulting services. To help clients make informed business decisions, we offer market intelligence studies ensuring relevant and fact-based research across a range of industries, from technology to chemicals, materials and healthcare. Read Our Blogs - http://www.grandviewresearch.com/blogs/advanced-materials Contact: Sherry James Corporate Sales Specialist, USA Grand View Research, Inc Phone: 1-415-349-0058 Toll Free: 1-888-202-9519 Email: sales@grandviewresearch.com Web: http://www.grandviewresearch.com © 2016 PR Newswire Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage

  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad British defence group Cobham cuts profit forecast again By Reuters Published: 06:00 EST, 24 October 2016 | Updated: 06:00 EST, 24 October 2016 e-mail By Sarah Young LONDON, Oct 24 (Reuters) - British aerospace and defence company Cobham cut its profit forecast for the second time this year blaming continued weak demand for some electronics products, knocking its shares and raising questions about 2017. Cobham is awaiting new management. After an earlier profit warning prompted an emergency rights issue, the board said chief executive Bob Murphy would be replaced. His exit will follow that of CFO Simon Nicholls, who had already resigned. The company said on Monday that 2016 trading profit could come in as much as 12 percent lower than a previous consensus forecast, prompting analysts to question Cobham's future financial health. Shares in Cobham fell 17 percent to 133 pence at 0914 GMT, their lowest level since June. The stock had hit an 11-year low of 126.6 pence in May, and is down 45 percent since the beginning of 2016, lagging a 3 percent rise in Britain's mid-cap index of which it is a component. While new management could help improve forecasting, there were concerns about what they find when they arrive, said one analyst who declined to be named. "The worry is that they'll be a kitchen sinking when the new management start in January time, in which case it (Cobham) could be under quite a bit of financial stress again," the analyst said. Cobham, which made its name in the 1930s developing air-to-air refuelling techniques, raised new finance from a rights issue in June to prevent its net borrowing to core earnings coming close to a covenant level agreed with its lenders. Any further earnings downgrades could bring it towards that level again, said analysts, but management played down that risk. "We're in a tough spot at the moment," said CFO Nicholls. "We don't at this stage see any fundamental or medium term issues in terms of the capital structure of the group." Cobham warned on Monday that its annual trading profit would now come in at between 255 million pounds ($311 million) and 275 million pounds, as much as 12 percent lower than a previous consensus forecast of 291 million pounds, and compared to the 322 million pounds it made in 2015. Both Cobham's new CEO David Lockwood, current boss of technology company Laird, a company which warned on profit earlier this month, and new CFO David Mellors will join no later than Jan. 1 2017. Cobham blamed the most recent downgrade on a range of factors -- low demand from shipping customers for its communications products and from defence customers for its electronics products, plus slower than expected progress on the Boeing U.S. KC-46 air-to-air refuelling system on which it is working. It is also making slower and more costly than expected improvement in its Wireless unit, which makes equipment used to maintain mobile signal in difficult environments. ($1 = 0.8194 pounds) (Reporting by Sarah Young; editing by Kate Holton/Ruth Pitchford) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Clinton and a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame Looked stunning  'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States UTC’s Role in Bombardier’s Decision to Shed 14,500 Jobs By Paul Ausick October 21, 2016 11:20 am EST Print Email Tweet Canadian commercial jet maker Bombardier announced Friday morning that it plans to cut an additional 7,500 jobs over the next two years. The company had already announced in February that it would shed 7,000 jobs. At the end of last year the company had about 70,900 employees. Long delays in building its first commercial CSeries passenger jet, the CS100, set the first deliveries of the planes back about two years and hit the company’s bottom line to the tune of around $2 billion. Problems with the CSeries include slow delivery of the Pratt & Whitney geared turbofan (GTF) PW1500G engine that is used on the CS100 and CS300. P&W is a division of United Technologies Corp. (NYSE: UTX), and UTC said in September that it will deliver just 150 of the GTF engines this year, 50 fewer than the 200 originally forecast. Through the first nine months of the year, P&W has delivered 80 of the engines. Another version of the engine, the PW1100G-JM has caused delays in delivery of the Airbus A320neo as well. Qatar Airways has cancelled delivery of four of the 32 A320neos it had ordered and has signed a letter of intent to acquire 60 new 737 MAX 8s from Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA). Nearly half the February cuts were made to Bombardier’s railroad division, which employs about 9,500 people in the United Kingdom, some 6,000 of which are located in Northern Ireland. Bombardier accounts for 10% of Northern Ireland’s manufacturing exports. Of the cuts announced Friday, the company said about 2,000 Canadian jobs will be eliminated. According to a report at Bloomberg News, Bombardier CEO Alain Bellemare said that there would be a “significant offset” to the job losses because the company will be looking to hire more than 3,750 employees for what it terms “major programs.” The CSeries is one such major program, as is the Global 7000 business jet. A Canadian pension fund has invested $1.5 billion in the company in exchange for a 30% stake in Bombardier’s rail business, and the provincial government of Quebec invested $1 billion in the CSeries project in exchanged for a 50% stake in that program. Bombardier is still in discussions for another $1 billion investment in the CSeries from the federal government. Whether or not UTC will have to reimburse either Bombardier or Qatar Airways for lost sales has not been disclosed, but discussions on the topic must surely have begun. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « E*Trade Rises on Strong Earnings Beat As Powerball Lottery Hits $151 Million, 12 Things Not to Do If You Win » Read more: Aerospace & Defense, Airbus, featured, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA), United Technologies Corp (NYSE:UTX) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Worst Companies to Work For 40 Countries the US Government Doesn't Want You to Visit The Most Republican County in Each State Major Changes in Warren Buffett & Berkshire Hathaway Stocks: American Airlines, Delta, Kinder Morgan, Wal-Mart, BNY Mellon and More 50 Worst Cities to Live In Recent Nokia, Teva Plunge into Tuesday’s 52-Week Low Club Verizon, Chevron Dominate DJIA Tuesday SEC Awards Whistleblower Over $20 Million Solar Plants Raise Local Temperatures Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search How to Bet on Macau's Las Vegas-like Transformation Why General Motors Is Importing Hybrid Cadillacs From China Taking a Foolish View of Transaction Costs and Trading Commissions Gap names Teri List-Stoll as new finance chief Snapchat IPO could value company at $20 billion to $25 billion, go public in March: WSJ Snapchat files confidentially for IPO: WSJ Ventas (VTR) Reaches Deal with Kindred for 36 SNF Sale HCA Holdings Announces Share Repurchase Plan Worth $2B Airline Stock Roundup: American Airlines' Bullish RASM View; JetBlue, Southwest Airlines in Focus A $1 million bet: Anatomy of a high-end house flip Dow breaks below 18K, as China, Fed fears weigh Billionaires had a rough year in 2015 - relatively NASDAQ's Adena Friedman Rises from Intern to CEO Trump’s ‘America First’ Mantra Helps Rally Small-Cap ETFs Why Chesapeake Energy, Pan American Silver, and Pier 1 Imports Jumped Today Woman 'Paralyzed With Fear' After Finding Mouse Sewn Into Zara Dress: Lawsuit This Stroller Is For Every Parent Who's Had Their Hands Full At The Airport The Top 20 Tech Deals On Black Friday 2016 Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2016 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
ePaper Apps Postal Delivery Photos Competitions Newspaper Archive Advertise With Us Shop Death Notices Find a... Home Job IrishExaminer Menu Home mobile Hot Topics News - Breaking News - Today's Stories - Special Reports - World - Farming - Weather - Web Archive - Newspaper Archive Sport - Breaking News - GAA - Football - Hurling - Rugby - Soccer - Racing - Golf - Others - Columns Lifestyle - Culture - Fashion/Beauty - Features - Food/Drink - Health/Life - Outdoors/Garden - Showbiz - Travel - Home/Interiors Viewpoints - Columns - Analysis - Our View - Your View - Send your views Video - Video News - Video Sport - Video Lifestyle - Video Viral - Video You May Have Missed Business - Business News - Technology - Small Business ExamViral - Real Life - Fun Times - Science World - Animal Life - Celeb Life - Tech Times TechNow - Movies - Technology - Gaming Property - Property Search Motoring - News - Reviews - Motors & Me Showbiz Horoscopes Death Notices Help - Advertise With Us - Apps - Competitions - ePaper - Photos - Postal Delivery - Shop Find a - Home - Job News Sport Business Views Life ExamViral Property Motors Tech Video Showbiz Login go Columns Aida Austin Ann Cahill Michael Clifford Shaun Connolly Roja Fazaeli Fergus Finlay Suzanne Harrington Gerard Howlin Brian Lucey Daniel McConnell Alison O'Connor Louise O'Neill Alison O'Connor Jim Power Terry Prone Colm O'Regan Victoria White Guest Columnist Comment/Analysis Our View Your View Send your views HOT TOPICS: Grace scandal Trump presidency Leonard Cohen 8th Amendment Home»Viewpoints We could be at the dawn of climate-friendly air travel Monday, October 24, 2016 With 30,000 new large aircraft taking off in the near future, Christiana Figueres and Laurence Tubiana say now is the time to decouple increased CO2 emissions from aviation growth As the world becomes increasingly interconnected, demand for air travel is growing, with more than 30,000 new large aircraft expected to take to the skies in the next few years. But if we are to sustain growth in air travel without aggravating global warming, we must quickly reduce aviation-related CO2 emissions, which are substantial and not covered by the Paris climate agreement that more than 190 countries agreed to last December. Fortunately, now is the perfect time to decouple aviation emissions from air-travel growth. Representatives from 191 countries convened in Montreal this month for the 39th Session of the United Nations’ International Civil Aviation Organization; after decades of wrangling, they have agreed to an aviation-specific climate agreement. The new ICAO framework aims for “carbon-neutral growth” in international aviation from 2020 onward, and has as its centerpiece a global market-based measure (GMBM) to help airlines affordably cap their net emissions at 2020 levels. When implemented, it will be the first carbon-emissions cap on a global industry that does not noticeably increase costs for consumers. And airlines will purchase emissions reductions from other economic sectors, thus funneling billions of dollars into low-carbon development around the world. For the first six years, the new framework will apply only to flights between countries that have voluntarily adopted it, which means that the ICAO will have to encourage adequate participation for the program to be effective. This opt-in approach has some critics, but whether a program is categorised as “voluntary” or “mandatory” is beside the point, because international accords generally apply only to the sovereign countries that have decided to join them. Some 64 countries have already signaled their willingness to sign on to the ICAO agreement, and together they account for nearly 80% of expected growth in CO2 emissions above 2020 levels. That isn’t 100%, but it’s a great start, and we can expect more countries to join when they see others reaping the benefits of low-carbon development. The airlines themselves will welcome a coherent global framework that establishes clear and predictable compliance metrics, rather than a regulatory patchwork that differs from country to country and complicates international operations. To minimise compliance costs — and because environmental sustainability is now a key competitive marker for customers and investors alike — airlines will likely encourage the countries where they do business to participate in the ICAO program. The new agreement provides an enormous opportunity to prevent the emission of 2.5 billion tons of CO2 in the first 15 years — the equivalent of taking roughly 35 million cars off the road every year the program is in force. The agreement will also spur major manufacturers such as Boeing, Airbus, and Bombardier — which are already investing in quieter, more fuel-efficient aircraft and efficiency improvements for existing models — to develop cleaner technologies that will allow them to purchase fewer emissions offsets. However, the framework decided in Montreal is not complete, and crucial details need to be worked out quickly so that airlines can begin to plan how they will meet the new environmental targets. Developed countries have already offered to help implement the GMBM, which, it is hoped, will pave the way for investments in emerging economies that are becoming new aviation powerhouses. If the countries can leapfrog over old technologies, they can become new leaders in carbon-smart flying. They should seize the opportunity before them and join the ICAO framework so that their manufacturers have a clear and predictable path forward. At the Paris climate talks last year, we witnessed the power of global collective action to address climate change. No fewer than 187 countries announced emissions-reduction targets in the months before the conference, which created the momentum to reach a landmark accord. With the Paris climate agreement on track to enter into force in the coming months — more rapidly than anyone ever thought possible — we still have that momentum. The ICAO agreement is the next wave in the international battle against climate change. Together, the two agreements will boost our chances of delivering environmentally sustainable economic growth. By cleaning up our carbon footprint now, future generations of air travelers from all countries will be able to look out their window onto a healthy planet. Christiana Figueres was executive secretary of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) from 2010 to 2016. Laurence Tubiana, the French ambassador for climate change and special representative for the 2015 Paris Climate Conference, is founder of the Institute for Sustainable Development and International Relations (IDDRI) in Paris and professor and director at the Sustainable Development Center at Sciences Po. READ MORE Visit the section home page here © Irish Examiner Ltd. All rights reserved More in this Section Public pay demands: What do the unions, employers groups, and politicians say? Consent is a grey area in law but it shouldn’t be in practice Breaking Stories Inmate's death the second in two weeks in Maghaberry prison Arlene Foster rules out attending any future Brexit forum held by Enda Kenny Lifestyle Protective new parents reach for life cover policies More From The Irish Examiner Buy framed pages & newspaper books: Visit Shop Photo Sales: View Gallery ePaper: Find out more Irish Examiner Digital Archive: View every printed page from the Irish Examiner from 1841 Lotto Results Saturday, November 12, 2016 2 9 19 28 32 43 47 Full Lotto draw results » Follow the Irish Examiner    
null



Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 5 Smart Things You Can Do With $1,000 Right Now Spend a little time thinking about the best ways in which you can spend any available dollars and you'll likely be happy you did. Here are five sound suggestions. Selena Maranjian (TMFSelena) Oct 23, 2016 at 8:50AM Image source: Getty Images. Viewing the dollars that you spend as investments can help you make smarter financial decisions. If you have $1,000 to spare, for example, instead of just buying a fancy new suit or TV, think about how you might best deploy it. Here are five smart things you can spend $1,000 on. Plump up an emergency fund If you're not independently wealthy, you probably need an emergency fund stocked with about three to nine months' worth of living expenses. If you experience a job loss or medical setback and your income shrinks or disappears for a while, you will need to be able to keep your roof over your head and food in your belly and the lights on. You'll need to be able to pay your insurance bills and keep your car running, too, among many other basic needs. If you already have such a fund, or a way to cover living expenses for a protracted period, great. If not, boosting your financial security with that $1,000 is a smart move. Image source: Getty Images. Pay off debt Next, do you have a significant debt burden? High-interest rate debt is especially dangerous, as it can spiral out of control rather quickly and can be very hard to pay off. Consider this example: If you carry a balance of $20,000 with a 25% annual interest rate and a minimum payment of 4%, it will take you 20 years to pay off that debt, and in the process you'll pay a total of more than $41,000. Whether you owe $2,000 or $20,000, applying $1,000 to reducing your debt can make a big difference in your financial health. If your interest rate is 25%, you can avoid paying $250 in interest! Invest in dividend-paying stock If you've got an emergency fund and are out of debt, parking that $1,000 in shares of stock that can grow and generate income is a powerful thing to do. If you invest in a stock that grows by 10% annually, your $1,000 can turn into $10,835 over 25 years. Better yet, if it kicks out 4% interest, you'll have $40 suddenly appear in your portfolio in the first year. If that payout grows by 6% annually over 25 years, it will eventually be generating $172 in annual income -- not bad for an initial investment of just $1,000. But wait -- there's more! Over the 25 years, your dividends would total more than $2,000 -- that's more than double your initial investment and separate from the stock-price appreciation. Image source: Getty Images. Start a child investing Another fine thing to do with $1,000 is to get one or more of your children (or grandchildren, nieces, nephews, neighbors) started investing. You might start them off with a copy of our book, The Motley Fool Investment Guide for Teens, and open a custodial brokerage account with them. Have discussions about companies and how they grow and face challenges. Have the kid(s) choose a few companies that interest them -- perhaps such as Apple, Boeing, Chipotle Mexican Grill, Disney, Netflix, Nike, or Starbucks. You might buy a few shares of a few of them and then follow them in the news, watching as the stocks rise or fall. The kids will learn how the stock market works and can see how money can be made (and lost) in it. Treat yourself -- to an experience Finally, if all your financial ducks are in a row, you might simply treat yourself with that $1,000. Don't just buy a new toy, though. Studies have shown that spending money on experiences instead of material things tends to deliver sense of well-being. Experiences, after all, create memories that can be savored for a long time. Consider spending your money on travel or on lessons or on tickets to some great performances. Spend a little time thinking about the best ways in which you can spend any available dollars and you'll likely be happy you did.   Longtime Fool specialist Selena Maranjian, whom you can follow on Twitter, owns shares of Apple, Boeing, Chipotle Mexican Grill, Netflix, Starbucks, and Walt Disney. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple, Chipotle Mexican Grill, Netflix, Nike, Starbucks, and Walt Disney. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Selena Maranjian (TMFSelena) Selena Maranjian has been writing for the Fool since 1996 and covers basic investing and personal finance topics. She also prepares the Fool's syndicated newspaper column and has written or co-written a number of Fool books. For more financial and non-financial fare (as well as silly things), follow her on Twitter... Follow @SelenaMaranjian Article Info Oct 23, 2016 at 8:50AM Investment Planning Read More How Donald Trump Could Affect Your Personal Finances Social Security's 2017 Raise Is Tiny -- and You Won't See It Anyway Retirement Crisis? The Unexpected Truth Behind How It Plays Out These Brand-Name Companies Are Probably Paying a Much Lower Tax Rate Than You Vanguard IRA: What You Need to Know Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Comm & Energy Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Rockwell broadens its reach with $6.4 billion purchase of B/E Aerospace Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Aerospace & Defense | Sun Oct 23, 2016 | 6:17pm EDT Rockwell broadens its reach with $6.4 billion purchase of B/E Aerospace Cockpit equipment made by Rockwell Collins and used in a CH-47 Chinook helicopter is pictured at the ILA Berlin Air Show in Schoenefeld, south of Berlin, Germany, June 1, 2016. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch By Alwyn Scott After two years of looking to expand, aircraft component maker Rockwell Collins Inc has struck a deal to buy aircraft interior maker B/E Aerospace Inc for $62 a share in cash and stock, the companies said on Sunday. The acquisition, valued at $6.4 billion plus the assumption of $1.9 billion in debt, expands the range of products Rockwell Collins supplies to major commercial and business aircraft and broadens its customer base internationally. Rockwell on Sunday also reported a 14 percent increase in profit to $1.58 a share in its fiscal fourth quarter ended Sept. 30, on a 4 percent rise in sales. The acquisition, which is expected to be completed next spring, allows both companies to sell to each other’s customers and to deploy Rockwell’s capability with onboard connectivity to make internet-enabled seats, galleys, lavatories and other cabin systems that B/E Aerospace provides. “B/E is very strong in relationships with airlines,” Rockwell Chief Executive Officer Kelly Ortberg said in an interview. “We're stronger with aircraft makers as well as business aviation operators and the military. We’ll be able to sell our respective products into a much broader market base than either of us could do independently.” B/E Aerospace plans to use Rockwell’s dealer network and relationships with business jet owners, for example, to know when jets are coming in for avionics upgrades. “Having that information and time to market directly to the owners of the aircraft is a tremendous opportunity that we're looking to take advantage of,” said Amin Khoury, B/E Aerospace founder and chairman. “It's not something we can do on our own.” The combination is expected to produce cost savings of about $160 million, with 90 percent captured in the first full year of the acquisition, and provide a double-digit percentage boost to per-share earnings in the first full year, the companies said. They also anticipate it generating more than $6 billion in free cash flow over five years. The cost savings come from eliminating public company administration at B/E Aerospace, greater buying power with suppliers, consolidating information technology system and using low-cost factory labor across the combined company, Ortberg said. LITTLE PRODUCT OVERLAP Rockwell agreed to pay $34.10 a share in cash and $27.90 in shares of Rockwell Collins stock, a 22.5 percent premium to B/E Aerospace's closing price on Friday. The purchase will curb Rockwell’s appetite for big deals for about three years, but the company will still be looking for smaller acquisitions while paying down debt, Ortberg said. The companies have little product overlap. Rockwell is best known for avionics, flight control systems and cabin connectivity, while B/E Aerospace is a major provider of aircraft seats, galleys, lighting and other systems. Rockwell, based in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, has market value of about $11 billion, more than twice the size of Wellington, Florida-based B/E Aerospace, which has a market value of $5.1 billion. The offer represents a 22.5 percent premium to B/E Aerospace's closing price on Friday. B/E Aerospace brings more aftermarket and aircraft retrofit business to Rockwell, which is mainly focused on new equipment, and also adds exposure to twin-aisle aircraft, said Richard Aboulafia, an aerospace analyst at the Teal Group. Combined sales will be about evenly split between the U.S. domestic market and international markets, Ortberg said. Pricing pressures from Boeing Co and Airbus are one driver of such a deal. "But it's also a pretty clear indicator that the market has peaked in terms of deliveries and orders," Aboulafia said of new aircraft sales. "In this environment, consolidation is inevitable as a cost-control move." Ortberg said that while cost was a factor, "It’s really the transition to the digital airplane that's creating the perfect timing to bring these two entities together.” Rockwell’s board set up a committee two years ago to examine whether to grow by expanding into new markets or partnering to use existing sales channels. “We thought that (latter strategy) was a much better approach,” he said. (Reporting by Alwyn Scott in New York; Additional reporting by Jilian Mincer in New York and Mike Stone in Washington; Editing by Bill Trott and Peter Cooney) Next In Aerospace & Defense Boeing shares fall as United Airlines defers $5 billion order SEATTLE/BANGALORE Boeing Co shares fell on Tuesday after United Continental Holdings said it will defer jetliner orders worth nearly $5 billion as part of a cost-saving drive. Boeing to consolidate defense, space and security business Boeing Co , the world's biggest planemaker, said on Tuesday that it would close some plants and move jobs as it consolidates its business that makes military aircraft and weapons. Russia says its missile strikes did not hit Aleppo: Ifax MOSCOW Russia's Defence Ministry has said that Russian missile strikes did not hit the Syrian city of Aleppo on Tuesday, according to Interfax news agency. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories FOCUS 360 Video: Protesting Trump’s win Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Top Dow Stocks Reporting Earnings This Week By Chris Lange October 23, 2016 10:45 am EST Print Email Tweet Third-quarter earnings reporting season is underway, and 24/7 Wall St. has put together a preview of some of the Dow Jones Industrial Average companies scheduled to report their quarterly results this week. Overall, one-third of the Dow is reporting this week, and this has the potential to push the Dow back up to its highs. We included the consensus earnings estimates from Thomson Reuters and the stock price and trading history, as well as added some additional color on each. For the other major earnings this week, check out the health care earnings and top earnings previews. Be advised that the earnings and revenue estimates may change ahead of the formal reports, and some companies may reschedule reporting dates as well. Visa Inc. (NYSE: V) will share its most recent quarterly results on Monday. The consensus estimates call for earnings per share (EPS) of $0.73 and $4.23 billion in revenue. Shares of Visa were at $82.35 at the close on Friday, in a 52-week trading range of $66.12 to $83.79. The stock has a consensus analyst price target of $92.43. 3M Co. (NYSE: MMM) is scheduled to reveal its third-quarter results on Tuesday. The consensus estimates call for $2.14 in EPS, as well as $7.71 billion in revenue. Shares were trading at $169.50 on Friday’s close. The consensus price target is $180.87. The stock has a 52-week range of $134.64 to $182.27. Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) is set to report its fiscal fourth-quarter results on Tuesday. The consensus estimates are $1.65 in EPS and $46.89 billion in revenue. Shares were at $116.60 as last week came to a close. The consensus price target is $128.32, and the 52-week range is $89.47 to $123.82. Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE: CAT) is scheduled to report its most recent results on Tuesday. The analysts’ consensus estimates call for EPS of $0.77 and $9.84 billion in revenue. Shares were changing hands at $86.33 on Friday’s close. The consensus price target is $79.56, and the 52-week range is $56.36 to $89.87. Procter & Gamble Co. (NYSE: PG) is expected to share its latest quarterly earnings on Tuesday. The consensus estimates call for $0.98 in EPS on $16.48 billion in revenue. Shares were at $84.33 on Friday’s close, in a 52-week range of $73.95 to $90.33. The consensus price target is $92.17. Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) is set to reveal its third-quarter results on Wednesday. The consensus forecast calls for $2.60 in EPS, as well as $23.64 billion in revenue. The stock ended last week at $135.63 per share. The consensus price target is $148.71, and the 52-week range is $102.10 to $150.59. Coca-Cola Co. (NYSE: KO) also will to share its latest quarterly earnings on Wednesday. The consensus estimates call for $0.48 in EPS and $10.54 billion in revenue. Shares were at $42.13 as Friday’s trading ended, in a 52-week range of $40.75 to $47.13. The consensus price target is $47.06. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   Chevron Corp. (NYSE: CVX) also is scheduled to report its third-quarter results on Friday. The consensus analyst estimates call for $0.45 in EPS and revenue of $29.05 billion. Shares closed at $101.30 on Friday. The consensus price target is $111.46. The 52-week range is $75.33 to $107.58. Exxon Mobil Corp. (NYSE: XOM) third-quarter results are expected on Friday as well. The consensus analyst estimates are $0.67 in EPS and revenue of $61.34 billion. Exxon shares closed at $86.62 on Friday. The consensus price target is $89.50, and the 52-week range is $71.55 to $95.55. By Chris Lange « Top 12 Earnings for the Week Ahead 80 Most Influential Americans Over 80 » Read more: Industrials, Dow Jones Industrial Average, Earnings, featured, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA), Caterpillar, Inc. (NYSE:CAT), Chevron Corp (NYSE:CVX), Coca-Cola (NYSE:KO), 3M (NYSE:MMM), Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG), Visa (NYSE:V), ExxonMobil Corp (NYSE:XOM) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Worst Companies to Work For 40 Countries the US Government Doesn't Want You to Visit The Most Republican County in Each State Major Changes in Warren Buffett & Berkshire Hathaway Stocks: American Airlines, Delta, Kinder Morgan, Wal-Mart, BNY Mellon and More 50 Worst Cities to Live In Recent Nokia, Teva Plunge into Tuesday’s 52-Week Low Club Verizon, Chevron Dominate DJIA Tuesday SEC Awards Whistleblower Over $20 Million Solar Plants Raise Local Temperatures Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search How to Bet on Macau's Las Vegas-like Transformation Why General Motors Is Importing Hybrid Cadillacs From China Taking a Foolish View of Transaction Costs and Trading Commissions Gap names Teri List-Stoll as new finance chief Snapchat IPO could value company at $20 billion to $25 billion, go public in March: WSJ Snapchat files confidentially for IPO: WSJ Ventas (VTR) Reaches Deal with Kindred for 36 SNF Sale HCA Holdings Announces Share Repurchase Plan Worth $2B Airline Stock Roundup: American Airlines' Bullish RASM View; JetBlue, Southwest Airlines in Focus A $1 million bet: Anatomy of a high-end house flip Dow breaks below 18K, as China, Fed fears weigh Billionaires had a rough year in 2015 - relatively NASDAQ's Adena Friedman Rises from Intern to CEO Trump’s ‘America First’ Mantra Helps Rally Small-Cap ETFs Why Chesapeake Energy, Pan American Silver, and Pier 1 Imports Jumped Today Woman 'Paralyzed With Fear' After Finding Mouse Sewn Into Zara Dress: Lawsuit This Stroller Is For Every Parent Who's Had Their Hands Full At The Airport The Top 20 Tech Deals On Black Friday 2016 Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2016 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters After the Bell Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money Cramer: Trump Is a Friend of Fossil Fuels DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today What to Watch This Week: Apple Earnings, Third Quarter GDP For the week of October 24, investors await quarterly results from a slew of major companies, including Apple, along with the first estimate of third quarter GDP. Scott Gamm Oct 23, 2016 12:02 PM EDT For the week of October 24, investors will get quarterly results from a slew of major companies, including Apple (AAPL) , along with the first estimate of third quarter GDP. On Monday, V.F. Corporation (VFC) , Visa (V) and Sonic (SONC) report earnings. On Tuesday, 3M Company (MMM) , Apple, AT&T (T) , Baker Hughes (BHI) , Caterpillar (CAT) , Chipotle (CMG)  and General Motors (GM) release earnings. Boeing (BA) , The Coca-Cola Company (KO) , Southwest Airlines (LUV) , Tesla Motors (TSLA) and GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) release earnings Wednesday. On Thursday, Amazon (AMZN) , Alphabet (GOOGL) , Barclays (BCS) , Baidu (BIDU) , Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMY) , Ford (F) and Twitter (TWTR) unveil quarterly results. Anheuser-Busch Inbev (BUD) , Chevron (CVX) , Exxon Mobil (XOM) , Mastercard (MA) and Xerox (XRX) report earnings on Friday. TheStreet's Scot Gamm reports from Wall Street.  If you liked this article you might like 5 Guru-Tested Stocks to Consider as the Holiday Season Approaches With the most wonderful time of year drawing near, check out these five companies that pass muster using the stock selection approaches of Buffett, Lynch and other top investors. John Reese Nov 5, 2016 10:40 AM EDT Rumors of Adidas Buying Under Armour Run Counter to Common Sense Adidas needs to get its own act together, and UA founder Kevin Plank would need the company pried out of his hands. Brian Sozzi Nov 3, 2016 11:00 AM EDT Testing Guru-Tested Stocks Despite the selection of five stocks through models mirroring the strategies of famed investors, analysis shows the optimal time to invest varies. Bruce Kamich Nov 2, 2016 4:28 PM EDT Jim Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap: Don't Surrender to the Index Funds Index funds are great, Jim Cramer says, but he encourages investors to do some smart stock picking. Scott Rutt Oct 25, 2016 8:29 PM EDT You need to LOG IN to edit your watchlist. Stocks you follow Edit Authors you follow Edit My Reading List save an article here Trending Apple Gets Ten Days to Address Its iPhone 6 And 6S Shutdown Problem In China DryShips Soars 1,500% Amid Epic Short Squeeze With Donald Trump as President, Here's What Will Happen to the U.S. Economy Apple's Smart Glasses Can Succeed, But It Has to Move Fast to Beat Microsoft and Facebook 6 Stocks to Buy When Donald Trump Is President Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
null
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / AT&T and Time Warner ink a massive deal; Big (Apple) Mac event; Earnings mega-week AT&T and Time Warner ink a massive deal; Big (Apple) Mac event; Earnings mega-week Posted on Sunday, October 23, 2016 by CNN in Business News 1. AT&T to buy Time Warner: The two companies will hold a joint call Monday with more details on the $85 billion deal announced Saturday. The merger will be the one of the biggest media tie-ups of all time if it is approved by federal regulators. The acquisition positions AT&T to compete with Comcast and Disney, the biggest names in media and entertainment. Time Warner CEO Jeff Bewkes will remain at the helm while the deal is under review, which could take more than a year. (Time Warner is the parent company of CNN.) 2. Big week for Apple: The consumer tech giant is expected to unveil a fresh line of Mac computers at a media event on Thursday. The MacBook Pro hasn’t gotten a major refresh in four years, and the MacBook Air has been largely the same since 2010. The event comes on the heels of Apple’s third quarter results, which it shares on Tuesday. We’ll get very early numbers on the iPhone 7, which went on sale around the world last month. 3. Earnings galore: We’re in the thick of earnings season. This week’s substantial batch includes Samsung, Visa, Ford, Amazon, Boeing, Coke, Alphabet and Twitter. Samsung’s call on Wednesday could signal the extent of damage wrought by the fire-prone Galaxy Note 7 catastrophe. Investors will also dial in Wednesday to see if Nintendo offers more details on its newly announced Switch console. Visa’s results on Monday will show how much its deal with Costco is paying off. And on Thursday, Twitter’s call could provide much-needed insight on the company’s future — especially now that takeover prospects look bleak. 4. Economic bellwethers: The United States will release its first read on third quarter GDP Friday. Economists (and, most likely, Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton) are crossing their fingers for stronger numbers than were posted this spring. America’s economy grew only 1.2% between April and June, compared to the same period the year before. The number fell below many predictions. 5. Coming this week: Monday – AT&T and Time Warner call and AT&T earnings, Visa earnings Tuesday – Apple, GM, Fiat-Chrysler and Chipotle earnings Wednesday – Southwest Airlines, Nintendo, Airbus, Boeing, Coca-Cola earnings Thursday – Apple’s Mac reveal; Alphabet, Samsung, Amazon, Twitter, Ford, UPS, ConocoPhillips earnings Friday – MasterCard and Anheuser-Busch earnings, third-quarter U.S. GDP AT&T, Time Warner deal faces tough regulatory fight Gabler Congratulates Owners of The UPS Store Related Posts Long live Twinkies! Hostess returning to Wall Street Playboy to eliminate nude photos from the magazine Tiffany sales: Lump of coal instead of a diamond CCRTA Recognizes Partners at Awards Luncheon Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
