Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: 4 Stocks at 52-Week Highs That Are Still Worth Buying Today These stocks may look expensive, but they're actually good deals. Timothy Green, Dan Caplinger, Matthew DiLallo, and Brian Feroldi (TMFBargainBin) Mar 20, 2017 at 8:42AM Just because a stock is trading near its 52-week high doesn't necessarily mean it's expensive. We asked four of our contributors to each discuss a stock that fits that description. Here's why Boeing (NYSE:BA), Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT), Celgene (NASDAQ:CELG), and Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) are good buys despite their elevated stock prices. This stock could keep flying higher Dan Caplinger (Boeing): Boeing has had an extremely impressive run over the past several years, and when you look at its core customer base, it's easy to understand why. The aerospace giant has benefited dramatically from the fact that the airline industry in the U.S. has largely recovered from decades of poor performance, and consolidation within the industry has left the remaining players leaner and more efficient than they have been in the past. That in turn has made airlines profitable and better able to afford long-term investments in their businesses, making the more fuel-efficient new models from Boeing exceedingly popular. For years, Boeing has received orders that have dramatically outpaced its capacity to produce aircraft, forcing customers to wait years before expecting delivery. Image source: Boeing. The election of President Trump was a key catalyst in starting a new wave of growth for Boeing stock, because the Republican's attitude toward geopolitics has emphasized the need for a strong U.S. military that many see as boosting the defense contractor business broadly. Although some investors have become slightly skeptical about the president's ability to implement all of the administration's priorities as quickly as some would like, Boeing currently is in an enviable position atop its industry. As long as conditions remain favorable in both the commercial aerospace and the defense segments, Boeing has the potential for truly stellar growth. A big e-commerce push Tim Green (Wal-Mart Stores): Retail behemoth Wal-Mart isn't too far off from its 52-week high, with the stock buoyed recently by blockbuster e-commerce results. During the fourth quarter, Wal-Mart's U.S. e-commerce sales soared 29% year over year, with gross merchandise value climbing 36.1%. These numbers include both Jet.com, which Wal-Mart acquired last year, and sales from the company's online grocery pick-up service. Wal-Mart is still far behind Amazon.com when it comes to e-commerce, but the company has gotten far more aggressive. The recent move to offer free two-day shipping on orders above $35, which easily trumped Amazon's non-Prime free shipping offer and forced the e-commerce giant to backtrack, is a clear sign that Wal-Mart is willing to sacrifice profits in the short term to catch up to the tech titan. Wal-Mart stock isn't all that cheap, trading for around 16 times the company's earnings guidance for 2017. But the company's stores are doing well, reporting consistent comparable-sales growth in a retail environment that is proving difficult for many of its competitors. The e-commerce push isn't going to be cheap, with shoppers expecting fast shipping and low prices. But ignoring e-commerce and ceding market share to Amazon is no longer an option. While shares of Wal-Mart are near their 52-week high, the company's strategy looks like the right one, and the valuation is reasonable. Despite its run, this growth stock is still cheap Brian Feroldi (Celgene): Biotech giant Celgene has been on a nice run over the past few months, and it's currently flirting with its 52-week high. Despite its run, I still think that it is a great time for growth investors to consider getting in.  Celgene's long-term success can be traced to the massive growth in sales of Revlimid, its top-selling drug that is used to treat blood cancer. Sales topped $6.9 billion last year, making it one of the best-selling drugs on the planet. However, Celgene also boasts a number of other drugs that are churning out billions in revenue and helping to drive growth. This includes the autoimmune disease drug Otezla, the blood cancer drug Pomalyst/Imnovid, and the breast, lung, and pancreatic cancer drug Abraxane. When combined, these drugs allowed the company to pull in more than $11 billion in sales last year, which was up 22% over the prior year.  Like any great biotech stock, Celgene also has a pipeline that is bursting with potential. While it has more than a dozen drugs in development, the one that I have my eye on is ozanimod. This product was brought into Celgene's pipeline from its $7.2 billion purchase of Receptos and promises to become a multibillion-dollar blockbuster in treating diseases like multiple sclerosis and several other autoimmune diseases. In total, management is so confident in its current product line and pipeline that it has stuck its neck out and projected that sales and earnings per share in 2020 will exceed $21 billion and $13, respectively. If true, that suggests that this company's top and bottom lines will expand by digits annually from here. And yet, despite its long history of success, burgeoning pipeline, and public commitment to double-digit growth, shares can still be purchased for roughly 13 times forward earnings. For a high-quality growth business like this, I'd argue that's a bargain. A great company at a fair price Matt DiLallo (Johnson & Johnson): Shares of healthcare giant Johnson & Johnson have been on fire recently, jumping about 10% over the past month to a new 52-week high. However, its recent surge didn't stop me from adding this top-quality stock to my portfolio. That's because this is a top-notch company that is actually trading at a fair price both historically and against the market. Currently selling for around 21 times earnings, J&J's recent rise only has it trading slightly above its five-year average multiple of about 20 times earnings. That's noteworthy because the stock's P/E ratio had largely matched the S&P 500 over the past five years. However, the index's post-election rally now has it selling for 26.5 times earnings, which makes J&J seem cheap on a relative basis. That seems like a more than fair price to pay for a fantastic business like J&J. Not only does the company sell some of the best-known consumer brands like its iconic Johnson's baby products as well as health and wellness products like Listerine, Band-Aid, and Tylenol, but it is a leader in both the medical device and pharmaceutical industries. These businesses combine to generate gobs of free cash flow each year, most of which the company returns to investors, including $8.6 billion in dividends last year and $7.5 billion of share repurchases since late 2015. In many ways, J&J is a classic Warren Buffett-type investment because it is a wonderful business that's selling at a fair price. Because of that, investors shouldn't pass on the opportunity to buy this stock just because its current price is at the highest level of the year.  Brian Feroldi owns shares of AMZN and Celgene. Dan Caplinger owns shares of Boeing. Matt DiLallo owns shares of AMZN, Celgene, and Johnson and Johnson. Matt DiLallo has the following options: long January 2019 $55 calls on Wal-Mart Stores and short June 2017 $70 calls on Wal-Mart Stores. Timothy Green has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends AMZN, Celgene, and Johnson and Johnson. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Timothy Green, Dan Caplinger, Matthew DiLallo, and Brian Feroldi (TMFBargainBin) Tim writes about technology and consumer goods stocks for The Motley Fool. He's a value investor at heart, doing his best to avoid hyped-up nonsense. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @TMFBargainBin Article Info Mar 20, 2017 at 8:42AM Health Care Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $176.98 no change (0.00%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $70.25 no change (0.00%) Johnson and Johnson NYSE:JNJ $126.26 no change (0.00%) Celgene NASDAQ:CELG $123.37 no change (0.00%) Read More Obamacare and Wal-Mart Whack Part-Timers' Health Plans Boeing Flies High, but the Dow Can't Escape the Red Better Buy: CVS Health Corporation vs. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Marijuana's Expansion Could Turn Into a Nightmare for Employers Why We're Excited About These 5 Top Stocks Obamacare's Cadillac Tax: What It Means for You Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Clark Talks: Podcast discusses dangers to kids online Washington to consider Oregon’s Columbia River salmon reforms Guide fined for cutting fins off wild coho Researchers: Columbia spring chinook forecast might be too high Columbia River fishing report 3/23 Workers needed for Cape Horn trail Gifford Pinchot National Forest snow report 3/23 Weather Eye: Rain, ‘March mudness’ not letting up yet State of City address scheduled for March 30 C-Tran board approves land buy near its headquarters Landslide unstable; Highway 503 span closed through spring State Highway 503 at the northeast end of Lake Merwin will remain closed through the spring due to an active… Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Washington to consider Oregon’s Columbia River salmon reforms Guide fined for cutting fins off wild coho Researchers: Columbia spring chinook forecast might be too high Columbia River fishing report 3/23 Workers needed for Cape Horn trail Gifford Pinchot National Forest snow report 3/23 Prep Baseball: Strong senior class has B.G. thinking big Humble Hot Prospect: Isaiah Smith not letting pro forecasts get to his head High school scoreboard, March 23 Oberg steps down as Washougal basketball coach Humble Hot Prospect: Isaiah Smith not letting pro forecasts get to his head BATTLE GROUND — Baseball America, which prides itself on covering America’s pastime at just about every level, has named a… Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories Local roasting company Relevant Coffee opens cafe in Uptown Village Lessons from Yahoo hack: Simple tips to safeguard your email Nike declines; sales slowdown scrutinized Airlines expect March, April to set records Google Maps already tracks you; now other people can, too Sears: ‘Substantial doubt’ about future Washington unemployment rate drops to 4.9 percent Push to sow wildflowers backfires, brings criticism to General Mills Singletary: Personal testament to value of Medicaid General Mills sales drop faster than expected Nike declines; sales slowdown scrutinized Nike dropped in early trading after third-quarter sales missed estimates, giving fuel to critics who say it’s losing ground to… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Pack rats, minimalists find peace Snowdrops, snowflakes cool for gardens Deaf students thrill to vibrations of whales Weeds, meet your new worst enemy: Black tarps Energy Adviser: Soil content critical for native plants Faux can be friend, not foe Controlling weeds starts with the seeds Researcher says when planet gets hot, animals get smaller Butterbeer ice cream hitting shelves for Harry Potter fans Affordable housing projects dot 1-mile stretch of Fourth Plain Snowdrops, snowflakes cool for gardens This warm winter has not only confused plants into bearing flowers way ahead of normal, it has been troublesome for… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Sunshine Worth Price Parker: Gorsuch nomination Trump’s most redeeming act Letter: Choose light over deception Letter: News must be fake, right? Letter: Nothing wrong with being average Letter: No need to spend big on genes Letter: Crack down on litter Letter: Be careful who you call ugly In Our View: Pot News a Mixed Bag Camden: Price of car tab taxes in Seattle prompts familiar outrage Editorial Cartoons March 19-25 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Affordable housing projects dot 1-mile stretch of Fourth Plain Everybody Has a Story: Surprise storm turns walk home into near-tragedy Furry Friends receives emergency medical grant Rotarians hold shoe drive for Roosevelt students Clark College journalists score awards at conference Neighbors honor retiring mail carrier Orchards teacher earns Educator of the Year You can help Grant flies in coconuts to help students study Mardi Gras Florist heads to D.C. to speak for flowers County still chipping at nuisance property in Orchards A years-long effort to bring the nuisance house across the street from Covington Middle School back into compliance is now… Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Sharp slowdown seen in orders for big planes By Dominic Gates, The Seattle Times Published: March 20, 2017, 6:00 AM A   A SAN DIEGO, Calif. — The major players who buy airplanes painted a gloomy picture earlier this month for sales of big jets over the next few years, with global airlines facing a glut in capacity and pressure to lower fares. Steve Rimmer, chief executive of Issaquah-based airplane lessor Altavair, who manages more than 30 leased twin-aisle jets, half of them 777s, said the availability of used airplanes coming off lease adds to a growing glut of large aircraft after multiple years of massive orders for new widebody jets. “There’s a fire burning in the widebody market,” Rimmer said. It’s bad timing for Boeing, which desperately needs to sell more new 777s and is also trying to drum up sales for the upcoming 777X. Boeing’s star widebody jet, the 777-300ER, was first delivered in 2004. With many of those sold on typical 12-year leases, the first round of 12- and 13-year-old used jets are just now coming off lease and onto the market, Rimmer said. In the record sales years of 2012 and 2013, Airbus and Boeing together won more than 2,800 net airplane orders. Last year, total sales were half that. At the annual conference of the International Society of Transport Aircraft Trading in San Diego — a gathering of aviation financiers along with executives of airplane lessors and major airlines — Airbus sales chief John Leahy projected that total sales this year for both manufacturers will be down another 30 percent to less than 1,000 jets. Bertrand Grabowski, a former aviation banker who now consults for airplane-finance companies in the United States, Europe and the Middle East, said “too many aircraft have been ordered to be delivered at the same time.” He sees a glut of widebody jets serving the Middle East and Europe, with airlines competing against one another for the same passenger traffic. Even Emirates, the giant Dubai-based carrier that is the world’s biggest customer for both Boeing 777s and Airbus A380 superjumbo jets, isn’t immune. Although it has successfully squeezed the big European, Asian and Australian legacy carriers for years, it is lowering fares and seeing its profit crimped. Grabowski said Emirates now faces fierce competition from Turkish Airlines as well as the other big Gulf carriers, Qatar Airlines and Etihad of Abu Dhabi. He’s also worried that too many single-aisle jets have been ordered in Southeast Asia. Both Boeing customer Lion Air and Airbus customer AirAsia may not take all the airplanes they have on order — more than 400 each. Grabowski said the last few years have been perfect for the aviation business, with growing passenger traffic, low fuel prices and cheap capital, but he senses the good times cannot last much longer. He’s advising investors to wait six months in anticipation of a fall in jet pricing that he foresees bringing major losses for some in the industry. “We are at the end of something,” Grabowski said. In a keynote presentation at ISTAT, revered aviation economist Adam Pilarski of the consulting firm Avitas expressed similar worry. With the current unpredictable political situation in the U.S. and Europe creating a “changing and scary” world, along with the prospect of rising interest rates and the airplane-capacity glut, Pilarski said “there’s a much higher probability of the bubble bursting.” On a positive note, world air traffic continues to grow unabated. In January, the International Air Transport Association reported global passenger traffic rose 9.6 percent in January compared with a year earlier, the strongest increase in more than five years. Aengus Kelly, chief executive of AerCap, the world’s largest lessor, pointed out at ISTAT that every year in Asia, another “100 million people are getting on a plane for the first time.” He said the inexorable rise of middle classes with money to travel in emerging economies such as China and India mean that the long-term future of the aviation business is assured. It’s the near term that’s troubling. Bob Genise, who ran multiple airplane lessors in his career — including a major Gulf leasing company that ordered hundreds of new jets — now heads AerGen, a Bellevue-based lessor specializing in midlife used jets. He said savvy airplane lessors who are careful with the deals they make can still make money even in today’s tight market. But it’s going to be tougher in this environment for Airbus and Boeing to sell their shiny lines of new-technology airplanes — the A320neo, A330neo, A350, 737 MAX, 787-10, and 777X — which are all very expensive. “I’m happy to be out of the new-airplane business right now,” Genise said. The most immediate impact for Boeing is on the 777. The jet maker has already announced it will reduce deliveries of the current 777s from 100 a year last year to just over 40 in 2018. But how soon after the 777X comes on line in 2020 will Boeing ramp that production line in Everett back up again? Not soon. The agreement announced last month by Singapore Airlines to buy 20 Boeing 777Xs was the first order for the jet in 20 months. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Want more local business news? Sign up for our Business Newsletter. HERE Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
Army Technology News, views and contacts from the global Army industry Log in or Register Vehicles Vehicles Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 Analysis Trends in protected mobility: insights from the International Armoured Vehicles conference Trends in protected mobility: insights from the International Armoured Vehicles conference Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 72 Global Defence Technology: Issue 72 Analysis Explosives detection: the world’s first sniffer drone Explosives detection: the world’s first sniffer drone Soldier Systems Soldier Systems Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis The EU’s new non-combatant army The EU’s new non-combatant army Analysis Repair and protect: damage detection for soldier safety Repair and protect: damage detection for soldier safety Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 71 Global Defence Technology: Issue 71 Analysis The next generation of wearable sensors for frontline troops The next generation of wearable sensors for frontline troops C4ISR C4ISR Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Under the skin of a made-for-military microgrid Under the skin of a made-for-military microgrid Analysis The critical importance of NATO communications The critical importance of NATO communications Analysis Is a new cold war brewing in the Arctic? Is a new cold war brewing in the Arctic? Analysis The next generation of wearable sensors for frontline troops The next generation of wearable sensors for frontline troops Ordnance Ordnance Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis The EU’s new non-combatant army The EU’s new non-combatant army Analysis US defence under Trump: what can we expect? US defence under Trump: what can we expect? Projects Hydra-70 Rocket System Hydra-70 Rocket System Projects RPG-32 (Nash-Shab) Anti-Tank Weapon System RPG-32 (Nash-Shab) Anti-Tank Weapon System Logistics Logistics Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis The EU’s new non-combatant army The EU’s new non-combatant army Analysis Under the skin of a made-for-military microgrid Under the skin of a made-for-military microgrid Analysis One Atlas: the worlds most advanced satellite imagery library One Atlas: the worlds most advanced satellite imagery library Analysis Timeline: 100 years of tanks Timeline: 100 years of tanks Training and Simulation Training and Simulation Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Rolls-Royce row: could a weak UK defence budget force a British icon to leave the sector? Rolls-Royce row: could a weak UK defence budget force a British icon to leave the sector? Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 68 Global Defence Technology: Issue 68 Analysis Inside ASDOT: the UK MoD’s new fighter trainer Inside ASDOT: the UK MoD’s new fighter trainer Security Security Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Under the skin of a made-for-military microgrid Under the skin of a made-for-military microgrid Analysis Trends in protected mobility: insights from the International Armoured Vehicles conference Trends in protected mobility: insights from the International Armoured Vehicles conference Analysis US defence under Trump: what can we expect? US defence under Trump: what can we expect? Analysis The critical importance of NATO communications The critical importance of NATO communications Market Data Market Data Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Build and rebuild: Germany's future defence strategy Build and rebuild: Germany's future defence strategy Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis Is the British Army keeping up with Putin’s troops? Is the British Army keeping up with Putin’s troops? Projects Hydra-70 Rocket System Hydra-70 Rocket System Technology Technology Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 Analysis Trends in protected mobility: insights from the International Armoured Vehicles conference Trends in protected mobility: insights from the International Armoured Vehicles conference Analysis US defence under Trump: what can we expect? US defence under Trump: what can we expect? Analysis The critical importance of NATO communications The critical importance of NATO communications Companies Companies Company A-Z » Products & Services » Press Releases » White Papers » Videos » Suppliers VirTra - Firearms and Training Simulators for Military Agencies Firearms and Training Simulators for Military Agencies Suppliers MineWolf - Manned and Unmanned Platforms for Mine Clearance Manned and Unmanned Platforms for Mine Clearance Suppliers PCO SA - Optoelectronic Devices and Laser Systems for the Defence Industry Optoelectronic Devices and Laser Systems for the Defence Industry Suppliers FN HERSTAL - Firearms Tradition and Technological Innovation Firearms Tradition and Technological Innovation Videos Events All Sections All Sections Projects » Analysis » Company A-Z » Products & Services » News » Press Releases » White Papers » Comment » Advertise With Us » Report Store » About us » News On Mar 17 2017 Boeing wins $3.4bn contract to deliver 268 AH-64E Apache helicopters Boeing has secured a $3.4bn contract from the US Government to deliver AH-64E Apache helicopters to the US Army and Saudi Arabia. Under the terms of the contract, the army will procure 244 remanufactured Apache helicopters while the foreign military sales contract requires the company to deliver 24 new Apaches to Saudi Arabia. Boeing Attack Helicopters vice-president and programme manager Kim Smith said: “The Apache has made a tremendous impact in the defence of the nations that have flown it for the last 37 years. “Our team understands the responsibility we have to deliver the best aircraft on time at an affordable price every day, and we are committed to maintaining that well-established tradition of excellence.” Under the contract, Boeing will provide remanufactured and new-build aircraft, Longbow crew simulators, ground support equipment, and spare parts, as well as integrated logistics support and engineering services. According to the US Department of Defense, work will be performed in Mesa, Arizona, with completion expected by June 2022. "The Apache has made a tremendous impact in the defence of the nations that have flown it for the last 37 years." To date, seven customers outside the US have ordered the Apache 'E' variant. The Apache attack helicopters are equipped with laser and infrared systems, as well as target acquisition designation sights / pilot night-vision sensors to locate, track, and attack targets. The helicopter can be armed with a combination of laser-guided precision Hellfire missiles, 70mm rockets, and a 30mm automatic cannon with up to 1,200 high-explosive, dual-purpose ammunition rounds. Powered by two high-performance turboshaft engines, Apache has a maximum cruise speed of 284km/h. Image: An AH-64E Apache. Photo: courtesy of US Army. Share Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Newsletter For all the latest army industry news, sign up for our regular updates. Contact us Advertise with us Terms and conditions Privacy Links About us Digital Magazine Follow us: www.army-technology.com is a product of Kable. Copyright 2017 Kable, a trading division of Kable Intelligence Limited.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Boeing Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News MasTec, Inc. (MTZ) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Andrew Murstein Purchases 5,000 Shares of Medallion Financial Corp (MFIN) Stock Insider Buying: Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc (UBP) Insider Acquires $11,599.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Westbury Bancorp Inc (WBB) Director Purchases $11,822.00 in Stock Bayer AG (BAYRY) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (IBB) Upgraded to Overweight by Credit Suisse Group AG IHS Markit Ltd (INFO) Given “Overweight” Rating at Piper Jaffray Companies iRobot Co. (IRBT) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Esperion Therapeutics Inc (ESPR) Given New $77.00 Price Target at Citigroup Inc Kirkland's, Inc. (KIRK) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Transcontinental (TCL.A) Supergroup Plc, Cheltenham (SEPGY) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Insider Selling: Cheesecake Factory Inc (CAKE) VP Sells $18,852.00 in Stock Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Upgraded to Buy at Mizuho Swift Transportation Co (SWFT) Upgraded to Buy at Longbow Research Universal Display Co. (OLED) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Karyopharm Therapeutics Inc (KPTI) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” CVB Financial Corp. (CVBF) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research China Shenhua Energy – (CSUAY) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Insider Buying: Kingsway Financial Services Inc. (KFS) Director Buys 5,000 Shares of Stock 2,666 Shares in Boeing Co (BA) Acquired by Parallel Advisors LLC March 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Parallel Advisors LLC purchased a new position in shares of Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor purchased 2,666 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock, valued at approximately $415,000. A number of other large investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Williams Jones & Associates LLC boosted its stake in Boeing by 22.6% in the second quarter. Williams Jones & Associates LLC now owns 6,173 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $802,000 after buying an additional 1,138 shares during the period. Lynch & Associates IN boosted its stake in Boeing by 34.6% in the third quarter. Lynch & Associates IN now owns 17,315 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $2,281,000 after buying an additional 4,447 shares during the period. Norman Fields Gottscho Capital Management LLC purchased a new stake in Boeing during the third quarter worth about $237,000. Eqis Capital Management Inc. boosted its stake in Boeing by 42.3% in the third quarter. Eqis Capital Management Inc. now owns 4,620 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $609,000 after buying an additional 1,373 shares during the period. Finally, BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA boosted its stake in Boeing by 451.4% in the third quarter. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA now owns 457,826 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $60,314,000 after buying an additional 374,794 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 74.66% of the company’s stock. Shares of Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) opened at 180.10 on Monday. Boeing Co has a 12-month low of $122.35 and a 12-month high of $185.71. The firm has a market cap of $110.31 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 23.67 and a beta of 1.08. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $173.49 and its 200 day moving average is $152.07. Boeing (NYSE:BA) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, January 25th. The aircraft producer reported $2.47 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $2.34 by $0.13. Boeing had a net margin of 5.18% and a return on equity of 239.48%. The company earned $23.30 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $23.25 billion. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $1.60 EPS. The company’s quarterly revenue was down 1.2% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts expect that Boeing Co will post $9.30 earnings per share for the current year. Your IP Address: A number of equities research analysts have issued reports on BA shares. Vetr cut shares of Boeing from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $142.21 price target for the company. in a report on Thursday, November 24th. Deutsche Bank AG upped their price target on shares of Boeing from $165.00 to $175.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, December 5th. Jefferies Group LLC restated a “buy” rating and set a $165.00 price target on shares of Boeing in a report on Tuesday, December 13th. Argus upped their price target on shares of Boeing to $185.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, December 14th. Finally, Wells Fargo & Co restated an “overweight” rating on shares of Boeing in a report on Thursday, December 15th. Seven investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $159.08. In related news, SVP Thomas J. Downey sold 2,000 shares of Boeing stock in a transaction dated Monday, January 30th. The shares were sold at an average price of $165.39, for a total transaction of $330,780.00. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, Vice Chairman Raymond L. Conner sold 96,174 shares of Boeing stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, February 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $163.72, for a total transaction of $15,745,607.28. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 95,852 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $15,692,889.44. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 206,827 shares of company stock valued at $34,170,203 in the last ninety days. 0.58% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. About Boeing The Boeing Company is an aerospace company. The Company’s segments include Commercial Airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS), such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). The Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft and provides related support services, to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Co (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content Skip to content Home About Our Authority Authors / Contact Privacy Notice Archives Advertise Here! The Pub Flyer/Card Think Tank Entrepreneurs Know Your Enemy Barack Hussein Obama aka Barry Soetoro: World Citizen Cable News Propagandists George Soros – Bringing Down America Rush Limbaugh The 10 Wealthiest Members of Congress The Federal Reserve The Global Warming Myth The Supreme Court U.S. Chamber of Commerce Hometown Corporate Mafia The Wendt Gang Red Pill Documentaries The United States Constitution The Federalist Papers The Anti-Federalist Papers The Word From the Trenches Archives Choose from 5 Gift Options with a minimum donation of $35 Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 ← The Partisan For The First Time Ever, The Federal Government Is Referring To Marijuana As Medicine → Boeing’s first overseas factory to be built in China’s Zhoushan- American Trade Deficit Set to Skyrocket Posted on March 20, 2017 by Paul The China Money Report – by D Collins The most important line item supporting the U.S. current account trade numbers has been Boeing aircraft. The large export revenue earned by Boeing has helped keep the U.S. trade deficit at only a $500 Billion Dollar annual deficit. Of course China is developing their own competitor to Boeing and Airbus and the price of selling aircraft in China is to teach them how to do it. With the announcement of Boeing now building complete aircraft and parts in China we can expect the U.S. trade deficit to skyrocket.   Xinhua News BOEING and Chinese aviation manufacturer Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China Ltd.(COMAC) will start to build a Boeing 737 completion center in eastern China’s Zhoushan city at the end of March, scheduled to make its first delivery in 2018. This is Boeing’s first overseas facility as part of its 737 production system, and designed to deliver 100 Boeing 737 planes a year. In the joint-venture completion center, Boeing’s 737 aircraft will be installed with flight entertainment systems and seats. The plant in Zhoushan, 287 km southeast of Shanghai, also provides services such as coating, repair and maintenance of Boeing aircraft. Boeing and COMAC signed an agreement in October 2016 to set up the Zhoushan plant, which will consist of two parts: the 737 completion center, a joint venture of Boeing and COMAC, and the 737 delivery center owned by Boeing. Construction of the delivery center will also start at the end of March. To accommodate aircraft manufacturing in Zhoushan, Putuoshan Airport in the city is undergoing a 750 million yuan (US$108 million) expansion to become an international airport. In addition to supporting Boeing, the aviation base in Zhoushan will also develop an entire industrial chain for aircraft manufacturing, with the capacity of assembling, delivering and modifying 600 aircraft a year by 2025. Zhoushan is an archipelago and island city in Zhejiang Province, which has the largest fishery in China and boasts strong shipbuilding, tourism and service industries. The China Money Report Share this: Print Email Share on Tumblr Tweet Pocket This entry was posted in News. Bookmark the permalink. 406 ← The Partisan For The First Time Ever, The Federal Government Is Referring To Marijuana As Medicine → Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Doom and Bloom E-Cigarettes Listen Live Monday - Friday 12 pm - 2 pm Pacific Call in line:  (641) 715-3610 Conference line:  220029# The Word From the Trenches Archives RICO REALTY The Looted Trillions Roscoe Reports US National Debt Clock Search Articles Search for: Connect     Notify of New Posts Email Address Get your AE 9/11 and Israel/Palestine Information Packets Help Support From the Trenches Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 This Land Photos Recent Comments tc on 4 Killed Including A Police Officer In Wisconsin Kantucky on Poll for the Patriots in the Trenches. Bill in IL on Media Touts A New Study Blaming Diabetes Epidemic On Global Warming Millard on 75 year-old Vietnam vet charged with deserting from US military 45 years ago markww on Maryland Girl, 14, Raped by Older Illegal Aliens at School Bill in IL on Maryland Girl, 14, Raped by Older Illegal Aliens at School Bill in IL on Mainstream Media Finally Exposes Elite Pedophile Rings in a Horrifying Episode of Dr. Phil Bill in IL on 4 Killed Including A Police Officer In Wisconsin Enemy of the State on 4 Killed Including A Police Officer In Wisconsin tc on Coulter: Trump Administration Starting to Look Like Every Other GOP Administration — Get Back to Immigration, Jobs, Trade tc on Mainstream Media Finally Exposes Elite Pedophile Rings in a Horrifying Episode of Dr. Phil Kantucky on Maryland Girl, 14, Raped by Older Illegal Aliens at School tc on Netanyahu to Putin: Israeli airstrikes in Syria will continue Rockledge on North Korea Missile Test “Explodes Within Seconds” Of Launch As Tensions Simmer tc on Medicare – Part G – Nursing Home Plan flek on Netanyahu to Putin: Israeli airstrikes in Syria will continue Angel-NYC on Medicare – Part G – Nursing Home Plan Stanley on Poll for the Patriots in the Trenches. Angel-NYC on Ed Snowden Drops the Hammer on James Comey Angel-NYC on Ed Snowden Drops the Hammer on James Comey Help Support From the Trenches  Subscribe in a reader © 2010 - 2017 From the Trenches World Report Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter about us Atlas quartz index quartz app quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu CERTIFIABLE Space tourism companies are going to write their own safety rules because the US government can’t Written by Tim Fernholz Obsession Space Business March 20, 2017 Look at my stuff! (AP Photo/Phelan M. Ebenhack) Share Written by Tim Fernholz Obsession Space Business March 20, 2017 Within a year, says Blue Origin, it will begin flying humans to the edge of space. That would grant the company, founded by Amazon chief Jeff Bezos, a symbolic victory over competitors like SpaceX, Boeing and Virgin Galactic, who are also pursuing plans to fly paying passengers beyond earth’s atmosphere. The inaugural flights of these new ventures will be a leap into the unknown for the passengers, not least because they won’t benefit from the tight regulation we’ve come to expect in everything from air transport to private automobiles. The first spaceflight participants will be guinea pigs in an experiment that asks: Just what does it mean to be safe in space when the government isn’t in charge? Risk incentives Entrepreneurs often argue for a light regulatory hand to avoid stifling the development of new technology, and space entrepreneurs are no different. “As we move to human space flight, there is no certifying body,” Blue Origin executive Erika Wagner recently told an audience at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. “The FAA [Federal Aviation Administration] is required to keep the public safe on the ground, but it’s not their responsibility to keep astronauts safe in space,” she continued. “That really is on our shoulders, and in terms of us having a safe place in the market, we take that seriously, we want to put our own families on board, we take that very seriously. So we are holding ourselves to internal standards.” Her comment betrays an unusual reality. Technically, the FAA does have jurisdiction over any space launches by US citizens and companies. But when it comes to human spaceflight, the law is designed to give companies as wide a latitude as possible to develop their technology. The Commercial Space Act allows the government to make safety rules for paying space passengers only if it is acting to prohibit a design or practice that has already “resulted in a serious or fatal injury” or “posed a high risk of causing a serious or fatal injury” in a previous flight. Put more simply: Beyond ensuring that rockets won’t go totally awry, the FAA doesn’t tell space companies how to protect their passengers until they’ve already put them in danger. In the meantime, space tourists must opt in after receiving a written warning of the risks they face, expressly acknowledging that the US government has not certified their rocket as safe. NASA’s powers of oversight are limited, too. Private companies that want to ferry people to the International Space Station (ISS), which NASA partly controls, will have to meet the space agency’s rigorous safety requirements. But for other kinds of space tourism, the business is supervised by the FAA’s looser, almost self-regulatory, guidelines. Who’s first? Blue Origin’s flagship rocket, the New Shepard (named for the first American in space), flew for the first time in 2015. Then the company demonstrated the capability for a reliable and cheap human space tourism program by flying and reusing a second New Shepard rocket five times. Blue Origin executives say it will begin regularly flying paying customers to space by March 2018. That would put them ahead of a planned test flights for NASA’s commercial crew program, which has hired Elon Musk’s SpaceX and aerospace giant Boeing to design vehicles and fly astronauts to the International Space Station (ISS). Both companies are going through a qualification process to demonstrate they meet NASA’s standards ahead of 2018 test flights, intended for May by SpaceX and August for Boeing. Flying to the edge of space and flying to the space station are in fact quite different: Blue Origin’s rocket travels just 100 km (62 miles) up, while SpaceX and Boeing’s larger rockets are designed to carry heavy loads up 200 km or more. But that won’t diminish the rivalry between Bezos and SpaceX founder Elon Musk. When New Shepard landed a reusable rocket booster about a month before SpaceX’s Falcon 9 did, it sparked a memorably catty tweet exchange between the billionaires, even though Falcon 9 had actually gone into orbit while New Shepard had merely grazed it. SpaceX has also said that it will fly two unknown passengers around the moon in 2018, after its first NASA flight. And Richard Branson’s Virgin Galactic, once the leading company promising space tourism, with a manifest of more than 700 paid passengers accrued since 2005, is still unlikely to begin operations before 2019. However, regular flight testing has resumed since a 2015 accident that resulted in the death of a test pilot. What’s safe space travel? That tragic failure underscored the risks of human space travel. Though Virgin Galactic uses a unique spaceplane with adjustable wings to carry its passengers, every space company has to solve the problem of keeping people safe in vehicles that can unleash the massive force needed to break the bonds of gravity. NASA’s traditional approach to this challenge was to design, design, and design again, spending enormous amounts of money to ensure that nothing would go wrong. Tragic accidents did occur, but by and large “spending down risk,” as aerospace engineers put it, worked—as long as you had the government’s billions. This strategy was out of reach of most private companies until plunging costs of computation began to change the equation. SpaceX was one of the first companies to find a balance between private risk-taking and NASA’s concerns. It developed its rocket to fly cargo to the ISS by relying on more testing to develop effective technology on the cheap. The situation was not without culture clashes—Musk told one agency official, only half in jest, that he’d charge double for every NASA person at his work sites—but it produced a new orbital rocket that was a lot cheaper to run than its competitors. NASA’s standards for carrying humans are even more rigorous, and government auditors have urged NASA to make contingency plans in case neither SpaceX nor Boeing meet them in time for their scheduled test flights. Write your own rules Blue Origin, though it looks to NASA for best practices, paints itself as a self-regulatory organization. SpaceX will have the same luxury should it fly private space tourists. Doing so means meeting FAA standards, which give a freer hand to the companies than NASA. In Silicon Valley parlance: Because Blue Origin is flying private clients first, it has a chance to scale up a “minimum viable product.” SpaceX, as a NASA partner, is working on an enterprise scale. Any rocket carrying people will need a launch license from the FAA, a spokesperson told Quartz. Getting the license is essentially a back-and-forth between the agency and the launch operator, with the company explaining how it will prevent problems arising from the moment the rocket begins preparing for flight until the mission is over. The FAA evaluates data about the rocket’s performance and any new updates to its systems, and generally works to ensure that the launch won’t end in flames. Obviously, that offers some general safety for passengers. Going further is harder. As the agency’s lawyers put it in a rulemaking document, “Several commenters urged that the FAA establish requirements to protect space flight participants…[the Commercial Space Act] does not provide the authority to protect space flight participants except in certain circumstances,” when serious injury has previously occurred. But the FAA has found something of a backdoor method to extend its regulatory reach. If crew or passengers could be construed to do something that might cause harm to the public—or act to prevent it—the FAA can make a rule about it. It requires, for instance, that crew members and remote operators have pilot’s licenses, and that life-support systems be reliable enough “to ensure the crew’s ability to protect public safety” in the event of an accident. Today, Virgin Galactic is the only space company with an FAA license to test its space plane. The license requires the company to “successfully verify the integrated performance” of its vehicle hardware and software by providing flight test results to the FAA before any paying passenger is allowed on board. Space Race Inc. Because the slate is still blank for how the federal government will treat the space business, the earliest companies will be in a position to set the tone, much as Uber’s regulatory battles laid the groundwork for the still tetchy relationship between cities and ride-hailing apps. Blue Origin still may not beat the pack to space tourism. In 2016, Wagner predicted the first human test flights would occur in the second quarter of this year, but it’s not clear if the secretive company in a business legendary for delays will meet that goal. Asked how many test flights would have to occur this year to prepare for human flight, she said, “we’ll see what it takes.” Flying humans repeatedly and reliably would make Blue Origin the first true space tourism operation. It would mean heartburn for Virgin Galactic, which is putting more emphasis on a small-satellite launching business led by former Boeing and SpaceX executives. For Bezos to truly trouble Musk and SpaceX, he will need get his first orbital rocket, New Glenn, built and flying by 2020. That will finally give him a vehicle with the power to match SpaceX to orbit and beyond. This month, Blue Origin announced that it already has a first customer for the rocket: Eutelsat, a European satellite operator. Lifting heavy commercial satellites to orbit is a key money-maker for SpaceX and its plans for inter-planetary exploration. If Bezos can dig into that market—and taking over new markets is, after all, his expertise—the new space race will truly be off and running. Most Popular Being vegan isn’t as good for humanity as you think Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout WAAY TO WIN EVENTS APPS Home Redstone Arsenal AMC ACC AMRDEC USASAC USACE Dept of Defense Videos WAAYTV Redstone 75th Anniversary Toggle navigation Home Redstone Arsenal AMC ACC AMRDEC USASAC USACE Dept of Defense Videos WAAYTV Redstone 75th Anniversary WATCH LIVE 4:30-7am 11am 5pm 6pm 7pm 10pm Close 1st Air Cavalry Brigade, 1st Cav Three new AH-64E Apache helicopters taxi onto the 7th Squadron, 17th Cavalry Regiment Heavy Attack Reconnaissance Squadron’s flight line. (U.S. Army photo by Spc. Alajuwan D. McCoy, 1st Air Cavalry Brigade PAO, 1st Cavalry Division.) Boeing signs $3.4 billion contract with U.S. Army for 268 AH-64E Apache Guardian attack helicopters Jeff Martin, jmartin@waaytv.com Jeff Martin Mar 17, 2017 Updated Mar 17, 2017 0 1st Air Cavalry Brigade, 1st Cav Three new AH-64E Apache helicopters taxi onto the 7th Squadron, 17th Cavalry Regiment Heavy Attack Reconnaissance Squadron’s flight line. (U.S. Army photo by Spc. Alajuwan D. McCoy, 1st Air Cavalry Brigade PAO, 1st Cavalry Division.) Boeing and the U.S. Army have signed a $3.4 billion contract for Boeing to remanufacture 244 AH-64D Longbow Apaches to the AH-64E Apache Guardian standard and to provide 24 new build AH-64Es to an unnamed foreign customer through foreign military sales.  That customer could be Qatar, which had previously ordered 24 AH-64Es. Through analysis of the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute's arms sales data, Qatar is the only country to specifically order 24 AH-64Es.  "This agreement is great news for our Army, our soldiers, the American taxpayers, our industry partners and numerous international partners,” said U.S. Army Col. Joseph Hoecherl, the Apache project manager with Redstone Arsenal's Program Executive Office for Aviation.  “It is a direct result of the professional dedication and diligent efforts by government and industry teammates to provide the much needed capabilities of the world's best attack helicopter - the AH-64E Apache - at a fair and affordable price that results in year over year savings to the taxpayer. In the hands of our trained U.S. soldiers, the Apache's technologies and resulting capabilities are essential to Army operations around the globe." The 'E' model Apache is an improved version of the venerable Apache helicopter, which can target tanks, vehicles, buildings, personnel, and even other helicopters and UAVs. It is equipped with a 30mm chain gun and can carry Hellfire missiles, Hydra rockets and other missiles.  The "E" model includes more powerful T700-GE-701D engines, improved digital connectivity, IFR capability, improved landing gear, composite rotor blades and increased payload. They can also control unmanned aerial vehicles through manned-unmanned teaming to provide reconnaissance.  The work will be done in Mesa, Arizona.  "The Apache has made a tremendous impact in the defense of the nations that have flown it for the last 37 years,” said Kim Smith, Boeing Attack Helicopters vice president and program manager. “Our team understands the responsibility we have to deliver the best aircraft on time at an affordable price every day, and we are committed to maintaining that well established tradition of excellence.” Tags Rotorcraft Military Aircraft Aircraft Apache Boeing Gunships Military Helicopters Boeing Ah-64 Apache Bell Ah-1z Viper Republic Of Korea Army Aviation Attack Helicopter Boeing Ah-6 Sony Ericsson T700 Cellular Phone United States Arizona Apache Project Manager Joseph Hoecherl Mesa Stockholm International Peace Research Institute Redstone Arsenal's Program Executive Office For Aviation Colonel Qatar Vice President And Program Manager Kim Smith Army Ge United States Army Jeff Martin Follow Jeff Martin Close Get email notifications on Jeff Martin daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Jeff Martin posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Jeff Martin Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Submit Your News We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!Submit Tweets by jeffWAAY31   Newsletters Success! An email has been sent with a link to confirm list signup. Error! There was an error processing your request. News Updates For daily news updates and when Breaking News occurs. Manage your lists Sections Home Redstone Arsenal Amc Acc Amrdec Usasac Usace Dept of Defense Videos Reporter Information WAAYTV - Jeff Martin 1000 Monte Sano Blvd Huntsville, AL 35801 Phone: 256-533-8521 Email: jmartin@waaytv.com Follow Us © Copyright 2017 WAAY-TV, 1000 Monte Sano Blvd Huntsville, AL | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 March 2017 by Military News Additional places for NASA astronauts purchased from Boeing The article from SpaceFlights.NEWS Boeing sold places inside Russian Soyuz spacecraft to NASA. Agency will be probably forced to use these seats in 2019 to let their Astronauts to reach International Space Station due the delay of NASA’s Commercial Crew Development (CCDev) program. It was not particularly happy moment in the history of NASA and probably one of the more important failures of program managed by NASA in recent years. Whole program of development of the new American manned spacecraft able to deliver astronauts to International Space Station is not going along with schedule. First flight of NASA astronauts inside manned Dragon or Boeing CST -100 will probably not appear in 2019 as it was originally planned due the technical issues during development of both constructions. Results of this delay, which is not limited only to one from two contractors, but affected Boeing and SpaceX, are not easy for NASA. Agency did not purchased additional seats for their astronauts from Roscosmos in 2016 and due the procedures of Roscosmos. These require purchasing seats in advance and not later then 3 years before flight, it is now impossible to book flight for 2019 at Roscosmos. NASA decided not to risk leaving ISS for whole year in 2019 and purchased additional places inside Soyuz from Boeing. Company acquired these places as part of the compensation from RSC Energia obtained in 2015. Settlement and compensation were result of a lawsuit between companies about Sea Launch joint venture, where both were business partners until 2011. Total value of the contract between NASA and Boeing is $373.5 million with average price per seat of $74.7 million. It is almost $7 million less comparing to prices offered by Roscosmos, so in fact for NASA it is kind of economical success. However it should not be surprising, that Agency is not proud of this purchase. Read more at Additional places for NASA astronauts purchased from Boeing CategoriesUncategorized Tagsadvance, Boeing, Books, Business, Companies, company, crew, CST-100, Dragon, Google News, NASA, Roscosmos, RSC Energia, satPRnews, Space, spacecraft, SpaceX Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Akatsuki with three instead five cameras after electrical fault Next PostNext First flight of Electron is getting close ! Search Recent Posts IIROC Trade Resumption / L’OCRCVM permet la reprise de la negociation – IMM Atossa Genetics Opens Enrollment in Study of Endoxifen How the U.S. Keeps Herbal Dietary Supplements Safe Patriot One Announces Evaluation and Purchase Agreement with Iconic Las Vegas Property Global Lock Market Will Reach at CAGR of 6.03% Between 2017-2021 Business Contacts A Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 March 2017 by Military News Commercial Crew Program with delays, NASA seeks for alternatives The article from SpaceFlights.NEWS According to spacenews.com NASA decided finally to seek alternative to planned manned Dragon and CST-100 spacecrafts with first regular missions scheduled for 2019. Explanation is simple – NASA resigned to purchase places for their astronauts for 2019 from Roscosmos, and in case of any delays with SpaceX manned Dragon or Boeing CST-100, 2019 could be first year without American astronauts inside International Space Station. According to Bill Gerstenmaier, NASA associate administrator for human exploration and operations NASA would like to create alternative plan to provide continuous access to ISS in 2019 in case if SpaceX and Boeing would not manage to keep present schedule for their Dragon and CST-100 vehicles. It simply means, that NASA is not putting confidence in official schedule for Commercial Crew Program. To remind it covers first unmanned flight of Dragon in late 2017 with finishing certification in 2018 and first crewed mission in May 2018; alternative option, Boeing CST-100 should performed unmanned flight in May 2018. Both Companies are suffering for over 12 months of delay. New plan, which should be announced in March, is based on two options. First is proposition of new edition of “year in space” program in the cooperation with Roscosmos; it could start in late 2018 and help in keeping one NASA astronaut for whole 2019. Another option is purchasing two seats inside Soyuz spacecrafts which were acquired by Boeing from RSC Energia as part of the settlement from 2015. It was result of a lawsuit between companies about Sea Launch joint venture, were both where business partners until 2011. Still both options are not comfortable for NASA and give only limited presence of NASA astronauts if we compare presented opportunities to present Expeditions with usually two NASA astronauts. Read more at Commercial Crew Program with delays, NASA seeks for alternatives CategoriesUncategorized TagsBoeing, Business, Companies, crew, CST-100, Dragon, Energia, Google News, International Space Station, NASA, Roscosmos, satPRnews, Space, SpaceX Post navigation Previous PostPrevious CRS-10 docking aborted ! Next PostNext X-37 still remains on orbit Search Recent Posts IIROC Trade Resumption / L’OCRCVM permet la reprise de la negociation – IMM Atossa Genetics Opens Enrollment in Study of Endoxifen How the U.S. Keeps Herbal Dietary Supplements Safe Patriot One Announces Evaluation and Purchase Agreement with Iconic Las Vegas Property Global Lock Market Will Reach at CAGR of 6.03% Between 2017-2021 Business Contacts A Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: SpaceX Goes Head to Head With Boeing and Lockheed -- and Crushes the Competition And now, SpaceX will take home an extra $14 million in profit as its reward. Rich Smith (TMFDitty) Mar 19, 2017 at 8:13AM Six months ago, David met Goliath. Six months later, Goliath is getting carried away on his shield. This contest began last August, with tiny SpaceX going up against United Launch Alliance (ULA), the giant space venture jointly operated by Boeing (NYSE:BA) and Lockheed Martin (NYSE:LMT), in a critical contest to see who would launch the U.S. Air Force's next "GPS III" satellite. The U.S. Air Force loves SpaceX's Falcon 9 rocket -- and at these prices, rightly so. Image source: SpaceX. A bit of history Historically, ULA had provided monopoly service to the U.S. Air Force on its large satellite launches. But the Air Force had recently certified SpaceX to bid on its contracts -- and compete with ULA. SpaceX parlayed that certification into one GPS III contract win in May 2016, when a legislative snafu in Congress temporarily deprived ULA of access to the engines it needed to launch its rockets, handing the contract to SpaceX by default. But freshly restocked with new engines from Russia, ULA had no intention of allowing SpaceX to beat it in a real contest on a second GPS III contract. Both companies submitted their best bids to the Air Force -- and as we learned this week, SpaceX won. The news broke with a whisper on Tuesday, when buried in the Pentagon's daily digest of contract awards came a statement that SpaceX had been awarded the Air Force's second contract "to deliver a GPS III satellite to its intended orbit." The Air Force referred to Boeing and Lockheed's bid only obliquely, noting that "two offers [were] received" for the work, but that SpaceX's bid had won. How SpaceX won How did SpaceX win the contract? As with the first GPS award last summer, price appears to have been dispositive. As you may recall, in the May 2016 award, the Air Force had expected to pay about $140 million for the first GPS III launch, and was surprised when SpaceX offered to put its satellite in orbit for "40% less" (or $82.7 million). This time around, SpaceX bid a bit higher -- $96.5 million. In so doing, SpaceX built an extra $14 million or so worth of profit on its bid. But it appears there was still no contest between the two bids. After all, by its own admission, the best price ULA can offer for a low-end Atlas V mission is about $200 million -- $164 million for the launch, plus a portion of its standard $1 billion-a-year retainer fee prorated and attributed to the mission. Even after its latest markup, though, SpaceX beat that price by half. What it means for investors This means that -- in theory, at least -- SpaceX still has room to grow its profit margin by more than 100% before running into any real competition from Boeing and Lockheed. (Or more realistically, SpaceX could jack its rates up another 45%, and both beat ULA's price and also satisfy the Air Force's hoped-for price of under $140 million.) SpaceX could even earn more profit if it succeeds in cutting its costs by successfully reusing its first recovered rocket later this month -- proving the feasibility of such reused rocket launches. What's more, this situation could continue for at least a couple more years. According to ULA, its new, cheaper Vulcan launch vehicle -- designed to replace the Atlas V -- will not reach "initial launch capability" until sometime in 2019. And even then, ULA is only targeting a best price of $100 million per satellite launched. (Factor in a pro rata portion of ULA's $1 billion retainer fee, and the price would probably be even higher.) Ballpark ULA's combined cost at $135 million, and that price might finally be cheap enough to satisfy the Air Force. But it still won't be cheap enough to beat SpaceX's prices. Seems to me that Boeing and Lockheed Martin have their work cut out for them. Unless they're willing to operate ULA at a loss, they simply cannot compete with SpaceX on cost, for government launch missions, over the next two years -- and their profits will suffer for it. Rich Smith has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Rich Smith (TMFDitty) I like things that go "boom." Sonic or otherwise, that means I tend to gravitate towards defense and aerospace stocks. But to tell the truth, over the course of a dozen years writing for The Motley Fool, I have covered -- and continue to cover -- everything from retailers to consumer goods stocks, and from tech to banks to insurers as well. Follow me on Twitter or Facebook for the most important developments in defense & aerospace news, and other great stories besides. Article Info Mar 19, 2017 at 8:13AM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $176.98 no change (0.00%) Lockheed Martin NYSE:LMT $269.42 no change (0.00%) Read More Boeing Training Jet Rivals Are Dropping Like Flies Lockheed Beware: Boeing Gives Navy a Cut-Price Deal on New Fighter Jets The 7 Priciest Military Planes Made in the USA Boeing vs. Airbus: Which Airplane Manufacturer Is a Better Buy? 3 Cheap Weapons Systems President Trump (and the Pentagon) Would Love Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current
Middle-east Arab News Opinion | Asharq Al-awsat Boeing President: 2016, Second Safest Year in Aviation History - ASHARQ AL-AWSAT English English edition of Asharq Al-Awsat - the world’s premier pan-Arab daily. News, Politics, Middle-East, Saudi Arabia, Oponion, and Lots more... ENGLISH EDITION OF ASHARQ AL-AWSAT فارسي FA عربی AR اردو UR Middle East Middle East Turkey Arrests Lebanese-German Linked to Berlin Ramp Attack 5th Round of UN-led Syrian Talks Kicks off in Geneva Libya: HRW Hints to Possibility of Haftar Forces Involvement in War Crimes 10 Egyptian Soldiers Killed in Central Sinai Fighting Mosul: ISIS’ Random Shelling on Liberated Areas Injures Dozens of Civilians Fight in Syria more Costly for Russians than Kremlin has Disclosed World World Ex-Russian Lawmaker Killed in Kiev as Ukraine Probes Arms Depot Blast Rouhani Warms Up to Khamenei, Reassuring Commitment to ‘Resistive Economy’ Germany to Deport Two Native-Born Terror Suspects Ban of Electronics on Flights Bewilders Companies, Travelers Terrorism Hits the Heart of London on 1st Anniversary of Brussels Attacks Death Toll of UK Parliament ‘Terrorist Incident’ Rises to Four Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabia King Salman Chairs Saudi National Cabinet Session King Salman: Economic Transformation in Saudi Arabia, China Fortifies Cooperation Saudi Arabia, US Agree on Dangers of Iranian Expansionism Saudi Deputy Crown Prince Meets US President Trump Saudi Deputy Crown Prince Arrives in Washington for Meeting with Trump Yemeni Officer: 4 Lebanese ‘Hezbollah’ Members Caught in Ma’rib | Opinion Opinion ‘JASTA,’ 9/11 Allegations…The Legal Battle Things to Know About the Market Reaction to the Fed The Future of the Human Race Getting Through the Long Post-Crisis Hangover Political Changes Reflect on Yemen War in Space Is Becoming a Real Threat Features Features Uprooted by War, Threatened by Boko Haram and Desperate to Go Home The Options Facing the Trump Administration’s War on ISIS Bilal Abdul Kareem: An ‘Extremist Propagandist’ Reporting from Syria Hamas Seeks New Political Era to Resolve Problems Citizenship and Diversity: Modern Tools in Combatting Terror Terrorist Attacks in Kabul…Violence, Endless War Lifestyle Book Reviews A Rainbow That Makes the Heart Leap Aleppo: A City That Refuses to Die The Crossing Between the Ayatollah and the Marquis Fashion ‘Net-a-Porter’ Cooperates with Five International Designers to Serve Arab Woman The New Markets Enjoy Decent Fashion Designs Fashion, Politics to Dedicate 2017 to Women Out of Fashion: How Men Could Fall off the Catwalk Sports The Making of Gareth Southgate: from Crystal Palace Captain to England Boss Romelu Lukaku’s Ambition is the Same as Ronald Koeman’s Kasper Schmeichel’s Champions League Brilliance Confirms His Rise to the Elite Raheem Sterling in Shape to Show Liverpool he Made the Right Move Entertainment Coming to Video Games Near You: Depressed Towns, Dead-End Characters The End of In-Flight Entertainment? The Best New Podcasts of 2016 Arab Film Institute (AFI) Launched during DIFF 2016 Business Boeing President: 2016, Second Safest Year in Aviation History Abdul Hadi Habtoor4 days agoMarch 19, 2017 296 The Boeing logo is seen on a Boeing 787 Dreamliner airplane in Long Beach, California. (Reuters) Turkey Arrests Lebanese-German Linked to Berlin Ramp Attack - Twitter Shuts Down over 600,000 Accounts Linked to ‘Violent Extremism’ - 5th Round of UN-led Syrian Talks Kicks off in Geneva - Libya: HRW Hints to Possibility of Haftar Forces Involvement in War Crimes - Ex-Russian Lawmaker Killed in Kiev as Ukraine Probes Arms Depot Blast - People's Movement Leader: Ennahdha-Social Liberal Coalition Threatens Democracy in Tunisia - Rouhani Warms Up to Khamenei, Reassuring Commitment to ‘Resistive Economy’ - Germany to Deport Two Native-Born Terror Suspects - 10 Egyptian Soldiers Killed in Central Sinai Fighting - Fire Damages Historic Mosque in Greece Riyadh – Boeing President Marc Allen underscored the shared confidence between Boeing and Saudi Arabia, noting that the kingdom has the latest defense techniques in the aviation field. According to Allen, the toughest challenge in this field is the continuous development of techniques, in addition to the enormous amount of data. He noted that the companies that will be successful after 40 years are the ones that will manage to deal with this data and benefit from it in development and innovation. He also expected space industry to be the upcoming field of competition, revealing that huge attention is paid to this industry. To Asharq Al-Awsat, he said: “We see that during the coming 25 years the chances of space commerce will be close to reality.” “What about your cooperation with Saudi Arabia and Boeing vision in achieving Saudi Vision 2030?” asked the newspaper. The Boeing president replied: “Innovation in products, services and operations is a backbone of Boeing and throughout the past decades Boeing has made a radical change in the field of commerce travel in Saudi Arabia. As for Saudi Vision 2030, we have huge opportunities and we are cooperating with the kingdom through several initiatives that will provide job opportunities and contribute in transforming the existing techniques and the space industry infrastructure in Saudi Arabia.” The newspaper asked: “With the increase of aviation accidents, do you think that this has an influence on the use of airplanes as a means of safe transportation?” He answered: “It would be beneficial to mention that 2016 was the second safest year in the history of aviation, regardless that airplanes are the safest way for travel. We, in Boeing, place safety as a priority.” “How did the companies deal with the drop in oil prices and its influence on cancelling some deals by the buyers?” asked Asharq Al-Awsat. “The drop in oil prices has existed for two years and its influence varies between the negative and positive. The situation is currently stable and in case of any rise in prices then the companies tend to purchase airplanes that consume less fuel. Also, the mounting demand on airplanes depends on the increase of travelers and this helps in covering the cost of operational expenses,” Allen answered. When asked about the outcome of the Boeing program to support the Arab youth in the Middle East, he replied: “I mentioned in the beginning that Boeing in Saudi Arabia is committed to achieving the Saudi national goals through providing jobs for Saudi youths and we are determined to continue along this path.” The newspaper asked: “Marc, you are in your forties and you are the president of Boeing. This represents an inspiration to the youth. What can you tell them about your story?” Allen said: “What I can say to any ambitious youth is that he should know his goals in life. He should have a specific goal and, most importantly, he should be comfortable in the way he will achieve it. You should be yourself and avoid imitating others. This is the first step in being a leader.” Abdul Hadi Habtoor More Posts Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Related Boeingoil pricesSaudi Vision 2030. Previous ArticleForeign Relations Official: Negotiations on Fate of Kurdish Regional Govt. Will HappenNext ArticleTrump: Germany Owes US, NATO Vast Sums of Money What’s Trending Amaq – 24/7 News Agency Run by ISIS 36925 Saudi Sources: the Ultimate Solution in Yemen will Put an End to the Militias 27288 Crown Prince Patronizes Deluge 6 Exercise 23627 Air Strikes Target al Qaeda in Yemen, Troops Capture Aden District 22076 10,000 More Syrian Refugees to Be Taken in by Canada 21540 Join our social media 264kFans 126kFollowers 229Followers Subscribe to News Asharq Al-awsat Newsletter Email address PRINT SUBSCRIPTIONS DISTRIBUTION ADVERTISING TERMS & CONDITIONS PRIVACY STATEMENT ABOUT US SUBMISSIONS © Copyright 2016 Asharq Al Awsat - Sub Division of SRPC - Site Last updated March 23, 2017 1:32 pm Middle East Opinion Saudi Arabia Features World Lifestyle This website uses cookies to improve your experience. Click to continue Accept Privacy & Cookies Policy Subscribe to News Asharq Al-awast English Newsletter Email address
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout WAAY TO WIN EVENTS APPS Home Redstone Arsenal AMC ACC AMRDEC USASAC USACE Dept of Defense Videos WAAYTV Redstone 75th Anniversary Toggle navigation Home Redstone Arsenal AMC ACC AMRDEC USASAC USACE Dept of Defense Videos WAAYTV Redstone 75th Anniversary WATCH LIVE 4:30-7am 11am 5pm 6pm 7pm 10pm Close Lance Cpl. Tia Dufour An aerial view of the Pentagon as seen from a Marine Corps CH-46 Sea Knight helicopter, July 8, 2011. (U.S. Marine Corps photo by Lance Cpl. Tia Dufour/Released) White House announces nominees for six top Pentagon posts, who could have big impact on Redstone Arsenal Jeff Martin, jmartin@waaytv.com Jeff Martin Mar 16, 2017 Updated Mar 17, 2017 0 Lance Cpl. Tia Dufour An aerial view of the Pentagon as seen from a Marine Corps CH-46 Sea Knight helicopter, July 8, 2011. (U.S. Marine Corps photo by Lance Cpl. Tia Dufour/Released) In a Thursday announcement, President Donald Trump announced six nominations for senior positions at the Pentagon.  Patrick Shanahan, currently Boeing's Vice President for Supply Chain & Operations, has been nominated to be the Deputy Secretary of Defense, the #2 job in the Pentagon. He will effectively be the Chief Operating Officer (COO) if confirmed.  David Norquist, a partner with accounting firm Kearney and Company, has been nominated to be the Undersecretary of Defense, Comptroller. That will effectively make him the Pentagon's budget director, an incredibly important role.  David Joel Trachtenburg, the president and CEO of consulting firm Shortwaver Consulting, has been nominated to be the Undersecretary of Defense for Policy. He's served in the past on the staff at the House Armed Services Committee and in several positions within the Pentagon.  Kenneth Rapuamo, a senior vice president and the director of Studies and Analysis at the ANSER corporation, has been nominated to be the Assistant Secretary of Defense of Defense, Homeland Defense and Global Security.  Elaine McCusker has been nominated to be the Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense, Comptroller, effectively making her the Pentagon's deputy budget director. She's currently the Director of Resources and Analysis at U.S. Central Command in Florida.  Robert Daigle has been nominated to become the Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation (CAPE). He's previously served in that office during the Bush Administration, and according to the White House is a staff member on the House Armed Services Committee. His job will be to analyze programs defense-wide, like the ones on Redstone Arsenal.  All of these positions will have an impact on Redstone Arsenal, but perhaps none more than Patrick Shanahan, the nominee to be the Deputy Secretary of Defense. In his previous roles with Boeing, he's been in charge of the company's efforts on missile defense and Army aviation, both of which play a big role on Redstone Arsenal.  All six nominees will have to be voted on by the Senate Armed Services committee before going to full Senate for a vote. There is no timetable for that happening.  Tags Alabama United States United States Department Of Defense Patrick Shanahan Boeing United States Assistant Secretary Of Defense Under Secretary Of Defense For Acquisition, Technology And Logistics United States Principal Deputy Under Secretary Of Defense Redstone Arsenal United States Secretary Of Defense The Pentagon David Norquist Undersecretary Comptroller Bush Administration Director, An Incredibly Important Role Deputy Secretary Of Defense Robert Daigle Donald Trump Senate Director Of Cost Assessment And Program Evaluation Anser Corporation Florida Deputy Budget Director Chief Operating Officer (coo) President David Joel Trachtenburg Pentagon Secretary Of Defense , Comptroller Director Of Resources And Analysis U.s. Central Command Services Committee White House President And Ceo Of Consulting Firm Elaine Mccusker Kenneth Rapuamo Assistant Secretary Of Defense Vice President For Supply Chain & Operations Shortwaver Consulting Budget Director Senior Vice President And The Director Of Studies And Analysis Jeff Martin Follow Jeff Martin Close Get email notifications on Jeff Martin daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Jeff Martin posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Jeff Martin Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Submit Your News We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!Submit Tweets by jeffWAAY31   Newsletters Success! An email has been sent with a link to confirm list signup. Error! There was an error processing your request. News Updates For daily news updates and when Breaking News occurs. Manage your lists Sections Home Redstone Arsenal Amc Acc Amrdec Usasac Usace Dept of Defense Videos Reporter Information WAAYTV - Jeff Martin 1000 Monte Sano Blvd Huntsville, AL 35801 Phone: 256-533-8521 Email: jmartin@waaytv.com Follow Us © Copyright 2017 WAAY-TV, 1000 Monte Sano Blvd Huntsville, AL | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Sunday, Mar 19, 2017 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korea German Portuguese HomeOpinionsBusinessMilitaryWorldSocietyCultureTravelScienceSportsSpecial CoveragePhotoVideo English>> Boeing aircraft to be produced in Zhoushan (CRI Online)    10:05, March 19, 2017 　　File photo of Boeing 737 [Photo: sina.com.cn] US aerospace giant Boeing will soon commence work on a facility in Zhoushan, Zhejiang Province. Once completed, the plant will have the capacity to process the final assembly work of as many as 100 737 aircraft every year. The airframes, which will still be manufactured by Boeing in America, will be flown to Zhoushan for the installation of fittings, seats and entertainment systems. Many of these aircraft will be destined for the Chinese market, given that the projected growth of demand over the next few years means that the country will buy as much as $1 trillion worth of aircraft from Boeing, and European rival Airbus. Boeing is very much behind Airbus in terms of assembling aircraft in China. Airbus has had a manufacturing plant in Tianjin for several years, with a second facility currently being planned (and coincidentally, one in Alabama, USA). Despite that, Boeing is working hard to maintain strong ties with China. As we reported in December, the company's Vice Chairman had made great efforts during the Presidential election campaign to underline the huge importance of the Chinese market to his company. Apparently, 150,000 jobs at Boeing depend on contracts and orders with China. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook)(Web editor: Kou Jie, Bianji) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. We Recommend Top 10 Chinese tech and engineering marvels Chinese footwear tycoon brings jobs, economic benefits to Ethiopia China develops reusable spacecraft for manned lunar missions More ‘agile fleets needed’ to tackle sea challenges Delivery boy becomes the third richest man in China China to build 30,000 new kilometers of railway before 2020 Absence of regulations casts shadow on China’s booming UAV industry China's place on world governance index sets unique example for developing countries Expectations high for China-Vatican relations in 2017 Most Read 1 China's first large passenger aircraft C919 to make maiden … 2 China’s 'Uber for bikes' rolls into SXSW festival 3 Professor's wife's appearance during live show provokes fie… 4 Long March-7 Y2 ready for launch of China's first cargo spa… 5 China’s first wastewater plant using radiation opens in Zhe… Top 10 The power of 'She' in China Seven most beautiful art museums in China 20 national tourist attractions receive 5A-level classification 10 Chinese female stars with most beautiful faces Popular on Global Times SK must face bitter pill over THAAD Military analysts suggest ways to disable THAAD Hong Kong’s foreign judges target of criticism amid political tension Lotte hit by boycott over land swap for THAAD deployment Hot News Pit Bull Shot Dead After Attacking Owner The miracle called Communist Party of China Nude pics as IOU: a new, risky online loan among Chinese university students IKEA responds to photos of half-naked woman saying it has notified police Village doctor with no legs offers home visit in mountainous area for 15 years Students take stylish bikini graduations photos Key Words Xi JinpingSCOCPCSouth China SeaAIIBDPRKChinese New Year Links: Beijing TodayCRI EnglishSINA EnglishGlobal TimesChinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show ChinaChina Human RightsChina XinjiangTibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi JournalWomen of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East LOGIN REGISTER You are on: MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط السعودية الإمارات Search   Dubai 23 Mar 2017 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology 1MDB-hit UAE-owned Swiss bank Falcon posts $130mln loss for 2016 Two Indian self-made billionaires among richest in Gulf Britain's financial watchdog revisits Barclays' bank Qatari cashcall probe UAE's DP World eyes Panama Canal opportunities Bank Muscat extends baituna home finance for Telal Al Qurm project Dubai developers pile on incentives with rental guarantees Qatar approves amendments to property leasing law Saudi retail property developer shows faith in Egypt Oman's Duqm SEZ contract awards top $1.8bln Dubai developers pile on incentives with rental guarantees Value of Lebanon's industrial sector falls 16% in 2011-2015 UAE's Etihad Rail updates national network design Saudi pledges stable oil supply as market confused by data Oil bounces off November lows, but bloated US stockpiles pressure market Dubai announces crude oil price for June delivery ACWA Power expects Saudi Electricity to sell first asset by yr-end 1MDB-hit UAE-owned Swiss bank Falcon posts $130mln loss for 2016 Two Indian self-made billionaires among richest in Gulf Britain's financial watchdog revisits Barclays' bank Qatari cashcall probe Bank Muscat extends baituna home finance for Telal Al Qurm project 1MDB-hit UAE-owned Swiss bank Falcon posts $130mln loss for 2016 Islamic finance aims for easier sukuk investment with proposed new standards Turkey hires banks for benchmark US dollar sukuk Saudi Aramco starts meeting investors before debut sukuk issue Dubai Duty Free expects $2mln sales hit from electronics ban Pakistan seeks Facebook meeting, threatens action over blasphemy LinkedIn tries to hook more users with business news section Instagram says advertising base tops 1mln businesses Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global UAE credit growth picks up pace in February Qatar's fiscal deficit projected to shrink further Saudi spends money to make money in foreign investment drive Death toll in London attack rises to five: police Two Indian self-made billionaires among richest in Gulf Abu Dhabi's Waha Capital seeking to invest in Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabia's economic fundamentals strong Amazon to buy Dubai-based online retailer Souq.com Fierce clashes persist in Syria ahead of renewed peace talks Syrians' healthcare costing Jordon Euromoney Jordan Conference forecasts 'difficult economic year' Jordanian expatriates increase remittances Ten Egyptian soldiers killed in Sinai fighting Egypt emerges as the world's fastest growing real estate market Saudi retail property developer shows faith in Egypt Rescuers foil fight against migrant smugglers London attack won't delay start of Brexit process "Worst is yet to come" with 400,000 trapped in west Mosul, UN says US embassies ordered to identify population groups for tougher visa screening Britain's financial watchdog revisits Barclays' bank Qatari cashcall probe Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Saudi remains China's top oil supplier Saudi outperforms in mostly flat region; Dubai's DSI up on asset sale Dubai's Arabtec to offer rights issue at higher rate Egypt to keep higher wheat moisture limit till November Saudi outperforms in mostly flat region; Dubai's DSI up on asset sale Dubai's Arabtec to offer rights issue at higher rate ACWA Power expects Saudi Electricity to sell first asset by yr-end Oil near $50 dents sentiment in Gulf Dollar edges up from 4-mth low vs yen EBRD targets $1.1bln investments in Egypt this year after float Dollar near 4-mth low vs yen as Treasury yields, stocks slide Turkish lira firms to strongest level since end of February Saudi pledges stable oil supply as market confused by data Saudi remains China's top oil supplier Egypt to keep higher wheat moisture limit till November Oil bounces off November lows, but bloated US stockpiles pressure market Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law US embassies ordered to identify population groups for tougher visa screening Employees left in the lurch as magazine owners flee Dubai UAE cracks down on traffic violators; introduces strict penalties Qatar approves amendments to property leasing law US embassies ordered to identify population groups for tougher visa screening Earth Hour: Think beyond switching off lights for 60 minutes Laptop ban hits Gulf airlines in battle for business travellers Saudi: Residency defaulters can settle status in amnesty drive UAE boasts one of the stringent anti-money laundering regulations Driver arrested for performing stunts in Abu Dhabi Former AFP photographer detained in Bahrain, agency says Pakistan seeks Facebook meeting, threatens action over blasphemy UAE boasts one of the stringent anti-money laundering regulations Britain's financial watchdog revisits Barclays' bank Qatari cashcall probe Employees left in the lurch as magazine owners flee Dubai Qatar approves amendments to property leasing law Warning over unclean reused clothes at tourist sites, events in UAE US embassies ordered to identify population groups for tougher visa screening UAE cracks down on traffic violators; introduces strict penalties Twitter suspends more than 636,000 accounts to tackle extremism Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports India doubles cricketers' salaries, hikes match fees What happens to your body when you stop drinking water Dubai World Cup: Your ultimate fashion guide Earth Hour: Think beyond switching off lights for 60 minutes What happens to your body when you stop drinking water Rise of superbug tuberculosis hampers global control efforts Schools advised to counsel students regularly UAE launches Diabetes Early Detection Programme Education sector employs 12% of Qatari workforce Saudi: 30% university students drop out without degrees Tuition hike suspended for 2 years in Saudi schools The business of education and the rising school fees in Dubai Dubai World Cup: Your ultimate fashion guide Five Emirati businessmen among world's richest billionaires US's Apple unveils updated iPad with lowest-ever price How much did Trump sons' visit to Dubai cost taxpayers? Beirut a top food tourism destination Warning over unclean reused clothes at tourist sites, events in UAE Dubai airport chief says electronics ban will have minimal impact Laptop ban hits Gulf airlines in battle for business travellers Rebooted Power Rangers return to big screen Kuwait suspends 'Beauty and the Beast’ movie Afghani rapping barber wins music contest Wyclef Jean says 'treated like criminal' in LA handcuffing incident India doubles cricketers' salaries, hikes match fees New British jockeys to be cut to focus on quality Egypt camel racers hope desert sport will gain popularity Abu Dhabi Dhow race has appealing prizes for all Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Education Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Article aviation Oman Air welcomes Boeing B737-800 to its fleet 19 March, 2017 Image used for illustrative purpose. Models of Boeing 747 and 777 passenger planes are displayed. Reuters/Bobby Yip 19 March 2017 Oman Air, the national carrier of Oman, has announced that a new Boeing B737-800 aircraft has joined its fleet. This new aircraft will be used on short and medium-haul routes and has a capacity of 162 seats, with 12 business-class seats with a seat pitch of 46 inches and 150 economy-class seats with a seat pitch of 30 inches. Each seat is equipped with an LCD screen measuring 10.6 inches. Oman Air has operated B737s for many years and the aircraft provide the backbone of the airline’s long and medium-haul fleet, with 32 currently in operation. The new aircraft will be deployed soon on its arrival for commercial flights. Abdulaziz Al-Raisi, executive vice president of products and brand development, said: “Oman Air is adding new aircraft to its fast-growing fleet to keep up with the expansion program. Known for its energy-efficient systems, and combined with Oman Air’s superb maintenance staff and facilities, this is an ideal acquisition as we spread our wings to further afield.” The aircraft’s inaugural flight departed Seattle on March 13 and arrived in Muscat on March 15. With the addition of the new Boeing 737–800, Oman Air’s fleet stands at 51. Currently Oman Air’s fleet consists of five Boeing 787 Dreamliners, six Airbus 330-300s, four Airbus 330-200s, five Boeing 737-900s, 26 Boeing 737-800s, one Boeing 737-700 and four Embraer 175s. Oman Air is continuing with its expansion plans in 2017 with four new additions to the fleet already this year, the latest being the Boeing 787 Dreamliner which joined the fleet on Feb. 23. Two new 737-800s were added to the fleet in January and February. In addition, a new Dreamliner B787-9 will be joining Oman Air’s fleet in April. The delivery of new aircraft is part of Oman Air’s dynamic program of fleet and network expansion. Advertisement © Arab News 2017 © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. More from: oman Advertisement Trending on Zawya In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News US's Parsons engineering welcomes Navalurkar as Vice President and program director 1 day ago Emrill appoints head of business development and work winning UAE integrated facilities management firm Emrill has appointed Sally Harrison as head of business development. 1 day ago US's Digital Shadows digital risk management announces key executive appointment with Alex Seton as VP Business and Corporate Development 1 day ago  from OAK Consulting Autodata appoints Ian Batey as the new General Manager Autodata appointed Ian Batey as its new GM to expand the brand’s presence in the Middle East. 2 days ago India's Shapoorji Pallonji Engineering and Construction group appoints Cyrus Engineer as Managing Director in the Gulf 21 Mar 2017 Camille Saade appointed new General Manager of Villa Rotana Dubai 20 Mar 2017 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2017 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
About US Contact US Client Login Registration Tuesday March 21st, 2017 Languages English French Language German Language Italian Language Portuguese Language Spanish Language Latest Intel MIL Analysis-Reportage Ninth Boeing-Built Wideband Global SATCOM Satellite to Expand Military Communications Capabilities for U.S., Allies By Foreign Affairs Publisher  /  March 19, 2017  /  Comments Off on Ninth Boeing-Built Wideband Global SATCOM Satellite to Expand Military Communications Capabilities for U.S., Allies       Print       Email MIL OSI Economics – Source: Boeing Headline: Ninth Boeing-Built Wideband Global SATCOM Satellite to Expand Military Communications Capabilities for U.S., Allies CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla., March 18, 2017 – Boeing’s [NYSE: BA] ninth Wideband Global SATCOM (WGS) satellite launched into orbit today and will provide the United States and six allied nations with increased communications capabilities to prevent, protect against and respond to attacks. The WGS-9 satellite was funded through an agreement between the United States and Canada, Denmark, Luxembourg, the Netherlands and New Zealand, and will also serve Australia (which funded the WGS-6 satellite). Each partner country gains access to the capabilities provided by the full WGS system, which include flexible and secure communication transmissions in the X- and Ka-band frequencies. “This unique international collaboration increases military interoperability and expands affordable high-data-rate communications for U.S. and allied partners around the globe,” said Rico Attanasio, executive director, Boeing Department of Defense/Civil Satellite Programs. “WGS-9 is among the most capable military communication satellites on orbit today.” WGS-9 launched on a United Launch Alliance Delta IV rocket. Boeing is on contract for 10 WGS satellites, the last of which is tentatively scheduled for launch in 2018. The eighth, ninth and tenth WGS satellites include upgraded digital channelizers that nearly double the available bandwidth of earlier satellites in the series. A Boeing video about WGS’s anti-jam capabilities is available at www.boeing.com/features/2016/11/innovation-wgs-11-16.page. For more information on Defense, Space & Security, visit www.boeing.com. Follow us on Twitter: @BoeingDefense. # # # Contact: Matthew Barnett Network & Space Systems Office: +1 310-335-6747 Mobile: +1 310-341-6818 matthew.barnett2@boeing.com     Print       Email Published: 3 days ago on March 19, 2017 By: Foreign Affairs Publisher Last Modified: March 19, 2017 @ 3:10 pm Filed Under: Airline Industry, Boeing, Business, Economics, English, Global Economy, MIL OSI, MIL OSI Economics, Open Source Intel NEXT ARTICLE → China vows to boost BRICS financial cooperation ← PREVIOUS ARTICLE Not enough funds for HIV/AIDS advocacy, says PNG cardinal About the author Foreign Affairs Publisher View all articles by Foreign Affairs Publisher » Recent Posts 21/22:00 WST Marine Wind Warning Summary for Western Australia 21/20:51 WST Tropical Cyclone Advice for Tropical Low 1 21/20:53 WST Forecast Track Map (WA) for Tropical Low 1 Awards for Excellence Colorado Machinists Make Gains in New Contract © 2017 ForeignAffairs.co.nz. Site customised by Multimedia Investments Ltd
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Resources > IndustryWeek Best Plants > 2016 IW Best Plants Winner: Lean Helps UTC Take Flight and Soar 2016 IW Best Plants Winner: Lean Helps UTC Take Flight and Soar Mar 20, 2017 Dave Blanchard EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 UTC Aerostructures is relentlessly focused on driving waste out of its production processes, one second at a time. Nacelles must be fully functional for 60,000+ flight cycles and 20 years of operation. UTC Aerostructures Advertisement Product lifecycles in the aerospace industry are significantly longer than for other manufactured products. While some industries face rapid obsolescence of their products (processed food, of course, but also high-tech gadgets), airplanes are expected to last for decades, given their high-ticket initial cost. So too, then, each major component of the aircraft must be built to last… for a long time. However, UTC Aerospace Systems–Aerostructures, based in Foley, Ala., measures time not in decades or years or even hours, but in seconds. A typical 8-hour shift, minus breaks, occupies 25,200 seconds. For example, one of the Foley site’s production lines produces four sets of major nacelle components—a nacelle is the aerodynamic structure that surrounds a jet engine—for the Boeing 737NG every day. That means that production line needs to move every 6,300 seconds, explains Darrell Wilson, the plant manager at the Foley facility. Large takt time clocks spread throughout the facility tick down from “6300” four times a day to ensure every employee is working towards achieving that goal, at a cadence made possible by the plant’s long history of continuous improvement initiatives. The idea, Wilson says, is that by reducing a second here and a second there from the process, day in and day out, pretty soon you find you’ve saved an entire hour. The Foley plant manufactures nacelle system components for all of the leading commercial airplane manufacturers, including Airbus, Boeing, Bombardier and Embraer, as well as components for some military aircraft manufacturers. The facility was acquired in 2012 by United Technologies Corp., an industrial technology conglomerate known for its ACE (Achieving Competitive Excellence) corporate continuous improvement program, but the Foley plant’s lean culture actually dates back to the mid-1990s, when as part of the Goodrich organization, it implemented the Toyota Production System (TPS). Related The 2016 IndustryWeek Best Plants Award Winners: Excellence in Manufacturing 2017 M&T Show Will Help Manufacturers Face the Future Confidently “We were already very familiar with the basic continuous improvement philosophy when UTC introduced ACE to us,” notes Don Chesscher, operations manager. “Traditionally, we looked at waste in the assembly process, and UTC as a corporation tends to look more at quality and the mechanical process. But at the end of the day, it’s still all about waste, and that’s what we focus on eliminating.” To that end, each employee uses very detailed standard work to manufacture components to the customer’s requirements. How detailed? UTC Aerostructures has documented more than 30,000 pages of standard work in support of its operations. UTC Aerospace Systems – Aerostructures Foley, Ala. Employees: 583, non-union Total Square Footage: 232,000 Primary Product/Market: Aerospace engine nacelle components Start-up Date: 1984 Achievements: Work-in-process, finished goods inventory and average days on hand for raw material have decreased 15% over past three years; first-pass yield for all finished products is at 99.6%. “One day you think something is part of the standard work process, but the next day you notice there is waste in that process,” Wilson explains. “Having standard work processes is key to where we are today.” Henry Mott, quality/ACE manager, relates an example of how one reluctant worker became a passionate convert to standard work. “One of our employees was struggling with standard work and takt time,” he remembers. “She was nervous, feeling she was being watched, until she started to see how her productivity and performance gradually improved over time. She was redeployed to another area of the plant that wasn’t using standard work, and she became a very vocal proponent that her new area begin instituting standard work. You could say she became a true believer because she saw how standard work helped her.” A recent acquisition of a robotic fastener installation machine has led to significant improvements in quality and safety—and slashes cycle time by about two-thirds. Later this year, UTC Aerostructures will go live with a 80,000 sq. ft. plant expansion in support of the Airbus A320 platform, which is manufactured nearby in Mobile, Ala. Part of this expansion will be a purpose-built showroom where Airbus and its customers can inspect and approve components prior to their shipment to other facilities for installation. Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles The 2016 IndustryWeek Best Plants Award Winners: Excellence in Manufacturing 2016 IndustryWeek Best Plants Finalists Announced Lean and Continuous Improvement Best Practices Featured at IW M&T Show 2014 IW Best Plants Winner: How L.B. Foster’s Vancouver Plant Created a Culture of Lean 2016 IW Best Plants Winner: From Zero to Lean in Record Time at Metform Group For Your Information Apr 8, 2015 Article About the IndustryWeek Best Plants Program Information about the IndustryWeek Best Plants awards program....More Apr 8, 2015 Article Download the Current IndustryWeek Best Plants Application To receive an application, please fill out the form below and hit the "Submit" button located directly beneath the form....More Apr 8, 2015 Article IndustryWeek's Best Plants Award Winners, 1990-2015 A complete list of IndustryWeek's Best Plants award winners (1990-2015)...More THE LATEST ZTE Pleads Guilty to Violating Sanctions on Iran Tech Sales Toyota Industries Buys Dutch Equipment Maker for $1.25 Billion True Leaders Are a Couple Steps Ahead of Everybody Else With a Little Fanfare, FCA Opens Worker Academy in Indiana Overtime Threshold Ripe for Review, Says Trump Labor Pick Daimler Employees Said to Be Probed Over Diesel Allegations More Advertisement Best Plants Slideshows Jul 12, 2016 gallery Benchmark This: Manufacturing Data from the IndustryWeek Best Plants 2 How does your manufacturing data compare with the IndustryWeek Best Plants Award winners and finalists? May 17, 2016 gallery 2016 IndustryWeek M&T Conference & Expo Highlight: IW Best Plants Awards Ceremony During a luncheon celebration, eight winning manufacturing plants – representing the leading edge of efforts to increase competitiveness, enhance customer satisfaction, and create stimulating and rewarding work environments – received their IW Best Plants Awards as an enthusiastic audience shared in the celebration. May 10, 2016 gallery Camcraft: Precision Machining on Display 2015 IndustryWeek Best Plants winner Camcraft Inc., Hanover Park, Ill., graciously opened its doors to attendees of the IndustryWeek Manufacturing & Technology Conference & Expo, held May 3-5, 2016, in Rosemont, Ill. This slideshow shares some of what those attendees saw. Mar 17, 2016 Industry Awards Superior Performers: The 2015 IndustryWeek Best Plants Award Winners The 2015 IW Best Plants Award winners represent our 26th class of high achievers. They join stellar company with stellar aims: to be even better tomorrow. Jul 29, 2015 gallery Benchmarking Data: How Does Your Manufacturing Plant Compare? These benchmark numbers offer a glimpse at the potential for achievement in manufacturing organizations that are committed to world-class competitiveness. Best Plants Videos Feb 29, 2016 video IW Manufacturing & Technology Show 2016 View the quick video and see why this event is the must-attend manufacturing and technology show of the year....More May 6, 2015 video John Dyer on the 'Facade of Lean' Many companies are reaping huge benefits from Lean implementation, but others are still struggling, according to noted process improvement and Lean operations expert John Dyer....More May 6, 2015 video Cessna Mexico's Exceptional Quality Results The people who work at Cessna, Mexico's large manufacturing campus in Chihuahua have a lot to be proud of....More May 6, 2015 Article Panasonic Forecasts Internet of Things by Recalling its Past “They indicated a willingness to take a risk,” Todd Rytting, the chief technology officer for Panasonic Corporation of North America, said during a breakfast keynote at IndustryWeek’s Best Plant Awards in Charlotte, N.C. “They indicated a willingness to change.”...More May 5, 2015 video Quality Saved General Cable's Marion, IN Plant The plant was slated to close, but a focus on continuous improvement and safety led to investment and expansion....More May 5, 2015 video L.B. Foster: Lean From Top to Bottom Canadian manufacturer of transportation and construction materials has implemented lean processes in every area of its operations....More Tweets about #MFGDAY16 OR #IWMfgDay Hot Topics Trump and Manufacturing The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Sign in Home Business Politics Nigeria Health & Wellbeing Education Life & Style Sport Editorial Backpage Sign in Welcome!Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Password recovery Recover your password your email Search 33 C Lagos Thursday, March 23, 2017 Sign in / Join SIGNUP TO BREAKING NEWS ALERTS LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password THISDAYLIVE Home Business Politics Nigeria Health & Wellbeing Education Life & Style Sport Editorial Backpage Home Business Olowo: Nigerian Environment is Very Hostile for Business Olowo: Nigerian Environment is Very Hostile for Business March 20, 2017 0 1378 INTERVIEW President/CEO of Sabre Network NMC, West Africa and President of the Aviation Round Table, Gabriel Olowo, in this interview with Chinedu Eze, spoke on unfavourable government policies and the harsh operating environment, which he blamed for the failure of businesses in Nigeria, including airlines. Excerpts: Why do you think domestic airlines fail in Nigeria? Thirty percent of the failures of the airlines are mismanagement by the owners and 70 percent are from government and the harsh economic environment. I have been in the sector since 1973 and I have seen the airlines failing within a space of ten years they started operations. So, there is a common factor. The business of Nigeria Airways was government business. The problem of corporate governance has always been there. The Nigeria Airways was supposed to be repackaged and become a new carrier but the then President said the government is not buying into the repackaging programme. The second generation airlines such as Okada Air, Harco, Oriental Airlines, Triax, Kabo among others all meant well. Okada said they wanted to prove to the government that they could do the business and they brought a Boeing B747 but that aircraft never flew but was left to rot. The investment was wasted. He got a promise from then second in command then during the Military regime, which was not fulfilled, so we were looking at the airplane everyday as it parked at the airport rotting. It was initially planned to do Lagos-London-Lagos routes. The aircraft did not operate due to government’s inimical policy. It was the same situation with Okada and Kabo Air. Recently three banks wanted to take over Etisalat due to the debts it owed the banks but the Nigerian Communication Commission and the Minister of Communication intervened and stopped them, but there was no indication that the Minister or the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA) made any step to save Arik or even Aero Contractors. Why is it so in the aviation industry? The Nigerian environment is very hostile for business and our civil servants in the Aviation Ministry (now Ministry of Transport) are supposed to see to the advancement of the sector, ensuring that airlines succeed. They are supposed to measure their progress from year to year. They should tell us the number of aircraft in the last one year, the number of airlines that have increased their fleet over the years, the growth rate amongst others. So, if there is no growth, there can be no development. Aviation Ministry, what are you set up to achieve? Where is aviation? How come Ethiopian Airline took us over? How come South Africa Airways took us over? What is that Ministry doing? The civil service is the government. The President will talk through the Minister of Aviation, who is responsible for the ministry, even if the Nigeria Civil Aviation Authority is autonomous. How has the foreign exchange policy affected the aviation sector? What I am trying to establish first and foremost is the mortality rate of our airlines. Why has it been ten years, after which they die? Bellview was 14years. 30 percent are caused by owners’ arbitrariness. Success got into their head so quickly and they ignored professional decisions and professional managers. In the government environment, there are a lot of factors. Foreign exchange is one that is highly volatile. It has always been like this in the last forty years. Early 1970s, I remember, the exchange rate was N4.00 to a dollar. During the first coming of President Buhari, we faced the foreign exchange problem and the airlines were running with what was called blended rate. Various banks offered different exchange rates. Foreign airlines were faced with that. About five airlines left Nigeria. I was working for a Brazilian airline, Varig. I was deputy General Manager. The airline left this country because of foreign exchange. They had naira in Nigeria, but they could not repatriate their revenue due to scarcity of foreign exchange. Iberia left, Varig, Scandinavian Airline amongst others left. Since then a big vacuum was created. During Buhari’s first coming, there was trade with Brazil; we had counter trade with Brazil. Volkswagen Nigeria was relating with Volkswagen Brazil. We had Sakamori, we had telecom from that country, pharmaceutical businesses from Brazil. There was huge economic exchange that time, but since their airline left there is vacuum between Nigeria and Brazil in terms of business interaction. There was huge economic boost between Africa and South America then. Once aviation link is broken, economy is dead. We lost everything. As far back as 1994, exchange rate was around N22 per dollar. Nigerian airlines were selling one hour flight ticket for Lagos-Abuja or Lagos-Kano at N2, 200 and at the exchange rate of N22 per dollar that amounted to $100. Lagos-Abuja was $100 value in 1994, which was about 23 years ago. Today exchange rate has moved from N22 to N450. Today, an airline sold ticket for N16, 000, which amounts to 30 dollars. Someone in government should raise an alarm over this. Do they want to kill us? If I am in government, I will shut down the airline because this is showing you desperation for cash flow. And they call it promotion. What kind of promotion? Exchange rate will never make you earn the right tariff because people will not be able to buy the ticket. So, you decide to reduce the price; meanwhile, your cost is increasing. The airlines in Nigeria currently are not charging the right tariff after 23 years. If people cannot fly, then do not kill them. If I am NCAA Director General, I will shut any airline that charges less than $100 for one hour flight ticket. The recession, which peaked last year, adversely affected the business in Nigeria, but it seems to have affected the airlines more? The airlines borrowed a lot and their borrowing has dollar content and you do all your sales in naira, how can you get the foreign exchange content? You go to CBN, CBN sells dollar at N305, which is not available. You spend so much on training, maintenance, so much for distribution. You have to pay dollars for virtually everything. The dollar is not available so, the operators have to go to the black market to get dollars at a higher rate than the rate he sold the ticket. How do you want that airline owner to service his debts? Because he has started, he cannot kill the business, so he keeps on struggling and he gets to a level that all the creditors gang up against him. The airlines AMCON has taken what success has it made of them? What is the objective of taking them over? A job of the receiver manager is to assess your assets and liabilities and make up your mind on whether you will revive it or kill the company? All over the world, when a business goes to receivership, he might decide to say since the company is bankrupt; they will keep the business running and make sure the business does not die. They can set all the debts aside and say when the business picks up, they can attend to other things. I do not think we have bankruptcy law in Nigeria and if that is the case, it behooves on our regulator to find a way to support our airlines, having seen how and why they are dying, which is as a result of direct and indirect contribution. If Richard Branson came here and failed, what are the factors responsible? Richard Branson is doing well in Australia, in US and Europe, why did he fail in Nigeria? The Ministry of Aviation, NCAA and all stakeholders should consider this. If Richard Branson failed in Nigeria, then do not blame Nigerian airlines at all. When Branson was leaving, he said Nigerian politicians are carrier destroyers. They do not follow through an agreement, they cancel agreements. What is going to be the investor confidence?  The NCAA and the Ministry which are supposed to be government agents and decision makers should not have allowed AMCON to do what it did. They will ask AMCON their objective. An airline that went from 30 aircraft to nine and your eyes are wide open. Did the bad economy of the airline happen in one day? The aircraft would have been going for maintenance and not coming back. They are supposed to monitor the economic health of the airlines on a daily basis. The airline fills the forms and the NCAA has the right to make sure it is correct. When you are talking about capitalisation in this sector, it is not like the banks. Capitalisation is not liquidity. Our NCAA must be ready to see how liquid the airlines are. If they are not liquid, they must find out why and you must account for his problem of liquidity and where he can account for it. When you realise that revenue is not covering cost; you have a job to do. Nigerians are watching to see the development in the new management of Arik Air. What is the hope that they will be able to revive the airline? Personally, I have no hope on AMCON because antecedent has not convinced me otherwise. The way they have been moving in the last three to four weeks, I see no hope. They took over Aero Contractors and I haven’t seen anything after that. They removed the CEO of Aero and sent him to the Nigerian Airspace Management Agency (NAMA) (Captain FOla Akinkuotu), they brought in the chief pilot from Arik to Aero (Captain Ado Sanusi), all their postings have been haphazard, so I see no hope but I pray that they don’t kill the airline. The airline must not go under. It is not about paying off the banks but it is an in-depth understanding of the cause of the problem. If there are priority allocations of foreign exchange to some sectors, even religion, this is a very sensitive sector for FX allocation. If the airline operator has borrowed with huge FX content, and FX has gotten to such an alarming rate, then there is a problem. For foreign airlines, they reduce frequencies, they are cutting their expenses, their operational base is not in Nigeria. So, all they do is sell here and move their money. So, they know how to handle their problems. The Nigerian airlines’ home is here. Somebody needs sympathy for them and that sympathy should be from our own government, our NCAA and the Ministry. I see no reason why we cannot call the airlines together and find a way to make them strong. If I have my way, I will merge all of them into one without killing their individual identity. The total aircraft for Nigerian airlines today is less than thirty. South African Airways has 53 aircraft, Ethiopian airline has close to 100. We can bring our airlines together and do a very robust schedule for all their airlines put together. I will draw a roster; the first airline for flight one; the next flight will be used as flight two. If the first airline does not go for any reason, the second airline can go, while the third airline can be used as flight three. The schedule will be maintained. So, you will be competing to do your flight because you are on the schedule and I will do 1000 flights using all the aircraft. I will use technology. If they can grow their fleet, they will continue to grow it to make it efficient. If you are going to position the aeroplane, we must have a standby. If you cannot position it in 30 minutes to take off, then the airline on standby will move in. The issue is policy. The NCAA just needs to ask for the airlines’ airworthy aircraft; we can have two strong competitors. This is to reduce competition and improve standard because NCAA will not take rubbish from any airline. That is what Imo Air is trying to do. Imo Air operated by Dana Air that is the concept. It is done all over the world. If you go to the United State that is what is done. American Airlines operated by different operators. American Airlines has robust schedule and it is not operated by American Airline aircraft but aircraft under the supervision of American Airline. There are reports in the industry that the new management of Arik may have to dispose 70 percent of the workforce. What do you think will be the effect of this, considering the size of Arik? If they do this, it will be suicide. I will make manpower 60 percent and money 40 percent. If you fire the Arik workers and you are thinking of a good airline tomorrow, you may be running into problems. Look at the workers in the industry, the people circulating are people that came out of most airlines that have gone under. Manpower is the key and if AMCON is serious about managing the airline, it should just retain manpower now. Keep the manpower because it is even the least costly. In Nigeria, each time there is crisis; manpower is the first they will cut, which is not supposed to be so. Manpower should be retained because we need it again and again. When we were planning the restructuring of the now defunct Nigerian Airways, we realised it had 6,000 workers but just one aircraft. We said to ourselves, let us keep some of this 6,000. So we looked at all the assets of Nigeria Airways, which include the engines, the catering department, water department, maintenance department, amongst others. After we did the forensic audit, we knew that from all the assets, we should be able to get six brand new aircraft. We said we would call Boeing and Airbus and offer them all the assets in exchange for six aircraft. We would put four for domestic and West Africa and two for international. Then Nigerian Airways would complement other indigenous airlines and we would not have too much competition in the domestic market. We then looked at the world average with regard to workforce per aircraft. In some countries, you need 50 to 100 workers per aircraft, in some airlines we have between 150 to 300 workers per aircraft. So, we did an average and arrived at retaining 200 people per aircraft. Since we would be able to get six aircraft from the assets, that would give us 1,200 workers from the six aircraft. So, we bloated it and said we would take 2,000 out of the 6,000. So, our recommendation was to retain 2,000 out of 6,000 because we are going to start a new airline and we wanted  to go to the Nigeria Stock Exchange where we would float a company for the Nigerian people and it would be the people’s airline. The owners would be qualified, chosen from the Nigerian people and serious managers would be in charge, home and abroad. A Nigerian is the Director of Engineering in American airline. The man manages 800 aeroplanes. Unfortunately, all we said was not implemented and we learnt that the airline was shut down. So, manpower is the key. What is your take on the national carrier proposed by the Minister? I am in haste and I want to see it quickly. I support it but I will not agree it be called a national carrier. It should be called another flag carrier. If the kind of consolidation I am suggesting for the existing ones happen, we will have two big players to face a British Airways. With the kind of players we have, we cannot face a British Airways or a Lufthansa. We cannot even compare with Ethiopia Airlines. Commercial discussion here is not a joke, while our people in the Ministry will go without the airline officials to negotiate. What is the level of collaboration between private sector and government when it comes to issues that affect aviation? Aviation Round Table is an NGO, which is made up of concerned people in the industry. The best we can do is to talk and send the communiqué to the government to see. We discuss the issues and recommend the best ways to go about the issues. The communiqué goes to the President, the Minister and the media. We have reflected on almost every issue in the last one year, it is left for government to implement some of the solutions we have proffered. What is driving us is to know how aviation can advance? What is making Emirates big? We are celebrating Ethiopian Airlines to Kaduna but where is our own to celebrate? This is very sad. Ethiopian came to run Air Nigeria for us and now Ethiopian is on top. What do you think should be the average number of aircraft by Nigerian airlines in your own estimation?  In the Nigeria of my dream an operator must start with an equivalent of a South African Airways, which is 50 aircraft for one operator. We must do equal services to the countries of all the foreign airlines. If Lufthansa does three flights, I will do three to Germany. BA will do seven and I will do seven. You will not let them do 21 and ask me to do 21 because they already have the market. I am going to deliberately reduce their market and give it to my people. I must make sure that our airline has what it takes before I will go to Britain to negotiate. They will tell you Heathrow is not available, then, I will tell them Lagos is also not available.  You have to give my own people Heathrow Airport, London for me to give you Lagos. I won’t do open sky because I do not have the muscle yet. The muscles the foreign airlines have are stronger than mine. What kind of nationalism do I have? I went to negotiate air traffic in India for the defunct Bellview because Nigeria said we cannot do London and other lucrative routes, I wanted to prove that we can do it as we have aeroplanes and pilot to do it. We had Airbus 300 and A800, which was the biggest at the time, sold for $52million. Those in the Ministry said if we go to London we would disgrace the (Nigerian) flag; they didn’t believe us. So they asked if we could go to India and we agreed, but unknown to us, we didn’t know what they meant was for us to go and die. Stupidly, we took the business. When I went to negotiate Bilateral Air Service Agreement (BASA), the Indians I met were real experienced aviators. They said we should not come to India because they did not want to come to Nigeria. They held our aircraft at some point, which they found drugs, so they put all the bills down and they asked us to pay the bills if we want to come to their country. So, we agreed to settle the bills. They went on to tell us that inside our aircraft, they will give us 100 seats and we will be selling as Air India. Those are commercial negotiations. How will you go and negotiate for Arik and you will not take Arik official with you? What kind of Ministry is this? When they take Arik officials, they tell them they are observers, they are not supposed to talk, we are the Ministry and we should talk. Is it the Ministry that will fly? Our industry is dead. They were selling Air India but it is inside my aeroplane. They were making money, doing nothing. That is commercial agreement. How can a Ministry go and do commercial agreement without an airline? Going forward, we need someone who understands the economics of the business. As the minister of Aviation, you should understand where the money is coming from. There are reports in the industry saying foreign airlines are taking some of our best hands, meanwhile we have pilots with fewer experience that do not have anywhere else to go. Do you think it is a plus? It is plus for us. What will a pilot do if there is no aeroplane to fly? If my aeroplane reduces from 30 to nine and my pilots are sitting down, they cannot fly. That was why they picketed Landover because pilots were rostered and there was no service for them. They are very delicate specie because if you want to hire them you have to be very careful, especially if you don’t have sufficient hour for them to fly. Let them go and get experience and the day I need them, I will go for them. The day we have strong two players with 50 aircraft each, then we will get there. Then, a Nigerian pilot will be cheaper; a Nigerian engineer will be cheaper. If a give a Nigerian pilot house in Ikeja, an expatriate will say he wants a house in Ikoyi, with security. Previous articleLeveraging on Nigeria-China Trade Ties Next article$355m OTC FX Futures Contracts Mature This Week Online Editor RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Business TEF Selects 1,000 Successful Applicants for 2017 Entrepreneurship Programme Business Fidelity Bank Supports Education Centre Business Lafarge Africa’s Full Year Profit Falls by 38% to N16.8bn 986,881FansLike 729,061FollowersFollow Latest News Increase Enrollment of Children into FG Colleges, Minister Urges Bauchi Govtt March 23, 2017 Bello: Minna Airport ‘Credible’ Alternative to Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport March 23, 2017 Dollar Drops Below N400/$ for First Time in Seven Months March 23, 2017 N’Assembly Approves $500m Eurobond Issue March 23, 2017 Four Killed, Dozens Injured in Terror Attack on British Parliament March 23, 2017 THISDAY Today (Download) Download Wednesday 22nd March 2017 March 23, 2017 0 Recent Comments Admonisher on Dollar Drops Below N400/$ for First Time in Seven Months Mystic mallam on The Silent Battles of Life Admonisher on Fayose: I Shunned Entreaties to Join APC Because of Disrespect to Tinubu Usoroh Peace on Dollar Drops Below N400/$ for First Time in Seven Months algol2000 on Polio: Expert Wants Parents Resisting Immunisation Jailed MOST COMMENTED Nigeria WAEC Certificate: Buhari Files Appeal against Ruling Dismissing His Objection June 15, 2016 440 Davidson Iriekpen President Muhammadu Buhari has appealed the ruling of Justice Adeniyi Ademola of the Federal High Court in Abuja who on May 26, 2016... Economy Gone Out of Buhari’s Control, Says Lai Mohammed March 12, 2016 Buhari: Nigeria Can’t Afford Forex Demand for Students Studying Abroad March 6, 2016 PRESIDENT BUHARI, DON’T OFFEND THOSE KIDS March 12, 2016 LATEST Increase Enrollment of Children into FG Colleges, Minister Urges Bauchi Govtt March 23, 2017 Bello: Minna Airport ‘Credible’ Alternative to Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport March 23, 2017 Dollar Drops Below N400/$ for First Time in Seven Months March 23, 2017 N’Assembly Approves $500m Eurobond Issue March 23, 2017 Four Killed, Dozens Injured in Terror Attack on British Parliament March 23, 2017 MOST COMMENTED WAEC Certificate: Buhari Files Appeal against Ruling Dismissing His Objection June 15, 2016 440 Economy Gone Out of Buhari’s Control, Says Lai Mohammed March 12, 2016 Buhari: Nigeria Can’t Afford Forex Demand for Students Studying Abroad March 6, 2016 PRESIDENT BUHARI, DON’T OFFEND THOSE KIDS March 12, 2016 ABOUT USFounded on January 22, 1995, THISDAY is published by THISDAY NEWSPAPERS LTD., 35 Creek Road Apapa, Lagos, Nigeria with offices in 36 states of Nigeria , the Federal Capital Territory and around the world. It is Nigeria's most authoritative news media available on all platforms for the political, business, professional and diplomatic elite and broader middle classes while serving as the meeting point of new ideas, culture and technology for the aspirationals and millennials. The newspaper is a public trust dedicated to the pursuit of truth and reason covering a range of issues from breaking news to politics, business, the markets, the arts, sports and community to the crossroads of people and society. Contact us: hello@thisdaylive.com FOLLOW US About Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy © Copyright 2016 THISDAY NEWSPAPERS LTD.
Menu Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate In Our View Editorial: Trump’s cuts to transportation would hurt economy Sun Mar 19th, 2017 2:18pm Opinion Port of Everett You must sign in or register to continue reading content. By The Herald Editorial Board Someone will have to explain to us the logic in following a call for $1 trillion in infrastructure spending during a presidential campaign with a budget proposal that seeks to cut and in some cases eliminate federal support for a range of transportation projects and services that are vital to the state’s and nation’s economy and quality of life. President Trump, in order to pay for some $58 billion in new spending in his budget proposal — $54 billion of it to balloon the Defense Department budget to $639 billion — proposes $58 billion in cuts in discretionary spending at 19 other agencies and several other programs. The Environmental Protection Agency and State Department suffer the deepest cuts. But significant cuts are made throughout the federal government, including about $2.4 billion, a 13 percent reduction, for the Transportation Department, reducing its budget to $16.2 billion. Those cuts, if adopted by Congress, would reach Snohomish County and the rest of Washington state. Among projects in the county that could lose federal funding: Community Transit’s Swift II bus line, a bus rapid transit route that is supposed to begin service in 2018, connecting the Boeing plant at Paine Field, the park-and-ride at McCollum Park and the park-and-ride at Canyon Park in Bothell. The $66.6 million project was to be split, 70 percent through federal New Starts transportation grants, about 25 percent from state funding and about 5 percent from local tax revenue and other local sources. (Despite Trump’s budget proposal, Community Transit spokesman Martin Munguia, in a blogpost Friday, said that the project is moving ahead and has authorization from the Federal Transit Administration to begin work prior to final approval of its grant.) Lynnwood’s extension to Sound Transit’s Link light rail system, which is to connect a Lynnwood station to the larger light rail system by 2023. The $2.35 billion project was to be split with 50 percent federal funding and 50 percent from local and state sources, including car tabs, sales tax and rental car tax. Trump’s budget also would: cut federal support from many Amtrak routes, including the two that serve Washington state, the Empire Builder and Coast Starlight; seek to privatize airport air traffic control; and eliminate subsidies that provide commercial air service to rural airports. Most curious, when stood next to Trump’s promise of $1 trillion in infrastructure improvements, is the $499 million in cuts to the Transportation Investment Generating Economic Recovery program. The TIGER program, created through legislation sponsored in 2009 by Sen. Patty Murray, D-Washington, has provided $4.6 billion in funding for road, rail, transit, ports and even bicycle and pedestrian projects. Beyond the federal investment, the program leverages state and local funding for such projects, averaging $2 in state and local funding for every $1 in federal spending. TIGER grants have supported 16 projects in the state with $239 million in funding. Most recently, TIGER provided $10 million last July for $55 million in improvements to cargo-handling facilities at the Port of Everett’s South Terminal, work that will support Boeing’s 777X program. Another $10 million TIGER grant was the final piece of funding necessary for the $129 million project for a new Mukilteo terminal for Washington State Ferries. Snohomish County has previously applied for a $16 million TIGER grant to replace the 83-year-old Granite Falls Bridge over the Stillaguamish River, part of the Mountain Loop Scenic Byway between Granite Falls and Darrington. The TIGER program has faced threats of cuts in the past. House Republicans in 2014 proposed only $100 million for the program. But it has bipartisan support in the Senate. Sen. Murray, who is the ranking minority member on the Senate appropriations subcommittee that oversees transportation projects, is joined in her advocacy by Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine, who is the subcommittee’s chairwoman. But more than bipartisanship in Congress will be necessary to save transit programs and transportation grants. Transportation projects in the past could typically count on some level of support from both parties. Things have now changed. A month ago, Sound Transit officials were relatively confident of federal funding, noting past support regardless of which party held the White House. Sound Transit spokesman Geoff Patrick told The Herald’s Noah Haglund: “Transportation is strongly linked to economic prosperity. In many ways, it’s a very nonpartisan issue.” But following release of the president’s budget, Sound Transit CEO Peter Rogoff described the zero-out of federal funding as a “body blow.” “We did not anticipate a scenario in which the federal government would completely walk away from the table after decades of partnership with cities across America,” Rogoff said in a release. Trump, practicing his “art of the deal,” may be making an opening gambit here, asking for everything to position himself before negotiating. That may work in real estate, but it’s a lousy way to write a budget because it attempts to pit scores of worthy programs and agencies against each other. Are we to choose between TIGER grants and funding for PBS, between Meals on Wheels and cleanup of Puget Sound, between after-school and summer programs for students and medical research by the National Institutes of Health? Last year, Congress disregarded President Obama’s budget, and declined testimony from the director of the Office of Management and Budget. Congress, likewise, should round-file President Trump’s budget.   Most Read Most expensive home in county ‘takes your breath away’ It looks like something plucked out of a European countryside and dropped… Mar 22nd, 2017 by Jim Davis Sheriff peeved by federal shaming over immigration policy EVERETT — A new federal report calls out the Snohomish County Sheriff’s… Mar 22nd, 2017 by Jerry Cornfield Commissioners reprimanded for racially insensitive remarks EVERETT — Jokes about race, even those made in private, serve to… Mar 22nd, 2017 by Rikki King Man in Snohomish dies after police use Taser during arrest SNOHOMISH — A man died in police custody overnight after an electronic… Mar 22nd, 2017 by Herald Staff Program for developmentally disabled adults looks to expand MARYSVILLE — A group of adults with developmental disabilities, plus a handful… Mar 22nd, 2017 by Chris Winters © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Contact Social media
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Scroll down to content Posts Posted on 23 March 2017 Sanatana Closes Private Placement VANCOUVER, BRITISH COLUMBIA–(Marketwired – March 23, 2017) – THIS NEWS RELEASE IS NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION TO U.S. NEWSWIRE SERVICES FOR DISSEMINATION IN THE UNITED STATES Sanatana Resources Inc. („Sanatana” or the „Company„) (TSX VENTURE:STA) has, further to its news releases of February 17 and February 27, 2017, closed a non-brokered private placement of 10,870,000 flow-through units (the „FT Units„) at $0.05 per Unit for gross proceeds of $543,500 (the „Tranche 1 Closing„). Each FT Unit consists of one common share in the capital of the Company that is a „flow-through share” within the meaning of the Income Tax Act (Canada) and one share purchase warrant (a „Warrant„). Each Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one additional non-flow-through common share (a „Warrant Share„) at a price of $0.10 per Warrant Share on or before March 21, 2019, subject to acceleration on terms summarized in the Company’s news release dated February 27, 2017. The Company paid an eligible finder a commission equal to $5,800 (the „Finder’s Fee„). The Finder’s Fee was paid by issuing 116,000 non-flow-through common shares of the Company at a deemed price of $0.05 per non-flow-through common share. All securities issued in connection with the Tranche 1 Closing are subject to a statutory hold period expiring on July 22, 2017, in accordance with applicable securities legislation. The proceeds from the Tranche 1 Closing will be used for exploration on the Company’s Jackfish Property. For details on the Company’s Jackfish Property and the terms governing the option earn-in, see Sanatana’s news release dated February 7, 2017. The Company expects to close the private placement of non flow-through units as announced in the news release dated February 27, 2017 before the end of March 2017. About the Company Sanatana Resources Inc. is a mineral exploration and development company. With an experienced management team and board of directors, the Company has the ability required to identify, develop and fund economic mineral properties. Sanatana is based in Vancouver and is listed on the TSX Venture Exchange (TSX VENTURE:STA). SANATANA RESOURCES INC. Peter Miles, President and Chief Executive Officer Cautionary Statement Regarding „Forward-Looking” Information Some of the statements contained in this news release are forward-looking statements and information within the meaning of applicable securities laws. Forward-looking statements and information can be identified by the use of words such as „plans”, „expects”, „intends”, „is expected”, „potential”, „suggests” or variations of such words or phrases, or statements that certain actions, events or results „may”, „could”, „should”, „would”, „might” or „will” be taken, occur or be achieved. Forward-looking statements and information are not historical facts and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties beyond Sanatana’s control. Actual results and developments are likely to differ, and may differ materially, from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in this news release. Accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to update publicly or otherwise revise any forward-looking statements, except as may be required by law. Neither TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulations Services Provider (as that term is defined in policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release. Posted on 23 March 2017 Canada Rare Earth Enters into a Second Set of Hedged Purchase and Sale Agreements VANCOUVER, BRITISH COLUMBIA–(Marketwired – March 23, 2017) – Canada Rare Earth Corp. (TSX VENTURE:LL) („Canada Rare Earth” or the „Company”) is pleased to announce increasing momentum in its concentrate trading business. The Company has entered into the next set of hedged contracts to purchase and sell 310 metric tons of rare earth concentrate with locked in gross profits. This volume of concentrate is twelve times the amount currently in international waters and scheduled to arrive at our customer’s selected port in early April, 2017. Peter Shearing, Chief Operating Officer of Canada Rare Earth explained, „we are confident of the ongoing buying we have arranged and we are driving to secure immediate, dependable supply meeting the specified criteria (price, quantities and array of rare earths) in the order of 300 metric tons to 500 metric tons per month on an ongoing multi-year basis.” Canada Rare Earth is also developing sources to supply medium and longer-term needs such as providing feedstock to the Company’s prospective proprietary rare earth processing plants. These facilities are designed to produce and supply high quality and high purity rare earth products such as individual oxides, metals and custom products especially to the non-China market. Peter Shearing continued, „regarding the second set of contracts, 272 metric tons of concentrate are scheduled to leave the mine sites within seven days, be loaded on a vessel on April 7, 2017 and arrive at the ultimate buyer’s selected port in mid-May 2017. The balance of 38 metric tons is being completed and will be shipped near the end of April 2017 along with product for a third set of transactions we are negotiating with the same supplier.” Tracy A. Moore, Chief Executive Officer of Canada Rare Earth remarked, ” we are thrilled with the trading momentum we have established so far and are building on it to establish a robust and consistent supply to our customer. The current set of orders will generate over $500,000 of revenues with determined gross profits and cash flow for our Company.” On behalf of the Board Tracy A. Moore, CEO and Peter Shearing, COO ABOUT CANADA RARE EARTH CORP. Canada Rare Earth is developing an international integrated business within the global rare earth industry. Our key focus is to generate revenues and positive cash flow from a variety of profit centres in the rare earth production and sales chain by sourcing, adding value and selling rare earths in all stages and forms. We are in the process of establishing our own mining, concentrating and refinery capabilities in addition to working with affiliated and third party organizations. „Neither the TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.” The information contained herein contains „forward-looking statements” within the meaning of applicable securities legislation. Forward-looking statements relate to information that is based on assumptions of management, forecasts of future results, and estimates of amounts not yet determinable. Any statements that express predictions, expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, objectives, assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be „forward-looking statements.” Forward-looking statements are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ from those reflected in the forward-looking statements. Investors are cautioned against attributing undue certainty to forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are made as of the date hereof and the Company does not assume any obligation to update or revise them to reflect new events or circumstances. Actual events or results could differ materially from the Company’s expectations or projections.” For more information on the Company, interested parties should review the Company’s filings that are available at www.sedar.com. Posted on 23 March 2017 South American Gold Corp Appoints New EVP and CFO LAS VEGAS, NV–(Marketwired – Mar 23, 2017) – South American Gold Corp (OTC PINK: SAGD) is proud to announce the appointment of its new Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer. SAGD is appointing Joseph (Jody) Hanks to the Executive Vice-President & CFO positions. Mr. Hanks is an accomplished international professional with a legal background, graduating from Vanderbilt Law School. Mr. Hanks brings to the company a vast background in business which will help the company grow and achieve greater brand awareness. Please view Mr. Hanks’ LinkedIn page http://www.linkedin.com/in/josephbhanks. President & Coo, David Reeves, stated, „I am extremely excited that Jody has accepted these positions with our Company. Ever since the first time I met with him I have been searching for a chance to work with him. With his recent relocation to Nashville, TN, this was the perfect time to make an offer to him.” South American Gold Corp is a small cap, publicly traded company traded on the OTC Marketplace under the ticker symbol SAGD. The company had previously been focused on supplying goods and services to the cultivators (farmers) in the emerging cannabis market in the country of Uruguay. Under the new leadership the company has moved from tools and supplies to the cultivators in Uruguay, on to a whole new realm of the cannabis industry. The company’s primary focus is its social media network project „PotCircles” which is focused on the LIFESTYLE of the cannabis and its users. The Company has recently announced the formation of Arkansas Medical Cannabis, Inc., a subsidiary created for the purpose applying for a Medical Cultivation License in the State of Arkansas. General Public Contact: username@potcircles.com Media Contact: info@sagdcorp.co Disclaimer This release contains forward-looking statements that are based on beliefs of South American Gold Corp. management and reflect South American Gold Corp.’s current expectations as contemplated under section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. When we use in this release the words „estimate,” „project,” „looks,” „believe,” „anticipate,” „intend,” „expect,” „plan,” „predict,” „may,” „should,” „will,” „can,” the negative of these words, or such other variations thereon, or comparable terminology, are all intended to identify forward looking statements. Such statements reflect the current views of South America Gold Corp. with respect to future events based on currently available information and are subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to, risks and uncertainties pertaining to development of mining properties, changes in economic conditions and other risks, uncertainties and factors, which may cause the actual results, performance, or achievement expressed or implied by such forward looking statements to differ materially from the forward looking statements. The information contained in this press release is historical in nature, has not been updated, and is current only to the date shown in this press release. This information may no longer be accurate and therefore you should not rely on the information contained in this press release. To the extent permitted by law, South American Gold Corp. and its employees, agents and consultants exclude all liability for any loss or damage arising from the use of, or reliance on, any such information, whether or not caused by any negligent act or omission. This press release may incorporate by reference the Company’s reports and other filings. Investors are encouraged to review all filings. There is no assurance South American Gold Corp. will identify projects of merit or if it will have sufficient financing to implement its business plan. There is no assurance that the Company’s due diligence on the potential projects and/or acquisitions will be favorable nor that definitive terms can be negotiated. Investors should consult their financial advisor before making an investment in a company. Posted on 23 March 2017 NetworkNewsWire Announces Publication of Editorial on Advantages, Challenges of Big Data in Health Care NEW YORK, NY–(Marketwired – Mar 23, 2017) –  NetworkNewsWire („NNW”), a multifaceted financial news and publishing company, today announces the publication of an editorial featuring ORHub, Inc. (OTC: ORHB), an NNW client providing its cloud-based health care software-as-a-service (SaaS) to decrease costs and improve outcomes in surgical care. The publication, entitled, „Big Data Poses Big Headaches as Health Care Industry Adopts HIT Systems,” provides an overview of the challenges often created by big data, and how several technology-based companies are addressing these issues.  To view the full article visit: https://www.networknewswire.com/big-data-poses-big-headaches-health-care-industry-adopts-hit-systems/ „This data collation and integration remains a goal of HIT systems such as the one offered by ORHub (ORHB). The ORHub Software is a cloud-based proprietary platform aiding the transformation of surgery from a traditional approach to a value-based model. Known as Surgical Resource Management, this software was specifically designed for surgery management, providing significantly enhanced capabilities compared to more traditional EHR solutions. The platform facilitates care providers at every stage of the surgical process to collaborate, organize, deliver, measure and reimburse in one intuitive, easy-to-use program. This significantly decreases cost and improves outcomes by eliminating inefficiencies and duplication of effort, as well as errors and omissions that result from siloed processes in outdated software and poor handoffs from one part of the care process to another.” About ORHub, Inc. ORHub is a cloud-based software platform focused on delivering value-based medicine in surgical care. The company enables all parties involved in surgical care to work together to organize, deliver, measure and reimburse in a single uniform process. This allows for significant decreases in cost and improvement in outcomes by eliminating inefficiencies, duplication of effort, and errors and omissions that result from siloed processes in software and poor handoffs from one part of the care process to another. The need for ORHub is clear. Health care comprises more than 17% of US GDP at over $3 trillion per year. With costs rising every year due to an aging population and more expensive treatments, providers are under severe pressure to become more efficient and reduce costs from payers who are aggressively reducing reimbursements and finally moving away from fee-for-service and toward performance-based reimbursement. ORHub enables providers to thrive in this new environment by addressing the single largest segment of health care, which is surgical care. ORHub replaces numerous legacy systems with a 360 degree system that is focused on tracking cost from diagnosis to discharge centered on treating a patient for a specific condition. ORHub has offices at Phoenix, Arizona; Newport Beach, California; and Bellevue, Washington. For more information, visit www.orhub.com About NetworkNewsWire NetworkNewsWire (NNW) provides news aggregation and syndication, enhanced press release services and a full array of social communication solutions. As a multifaceted financial news and distribution company with an extensive team of journalists and contributing writers, NNW is uniquely positioned to best serve private and public companies who need to reach a wide audience of investors, consumers, journalists and the general public. NNW has an ever-growing distribution network of more than 5,000 key syndication outlets across the country. By cutting through the overload of information in today’s market, NNW brings its clients unparalleled visibility, recognition and brand awareness. NNW is where news, content and information converge. For more information, visit https://www.NetworkNewsWire.com Please see full disclaimers on the NetworkNewsWire website applicable to all content provided by NNW, wherever published or re-published: http://nnw.fm/Disclaimer Forward-Looking Statements This release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain as they are based on current expectations and assumptions concerning future events or future performance of the company. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which are only predictions and speak only as of the date hereof. In evaluating such statements, prospective investors should review carefully various risks and uncertainties identified in this release and matters set in the company’s SEC filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause the company’s actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Posted on 23 March 2017 NetworkNewsWire Announces Publication of Discussion on the Diverse Operations of Leading Marijuana Companies NEW YORK, NY–(Marketwired – Mar 23, 2017) –  NetworkNewsWire („NNW”), a multifaceted financial news and publishing company, today announces the publication of an editorial featuring SinglePoint, Inc. (OTC: SING), an NNW client focused on diversifying its acquisition portfolio of small to mid-sized companies. The publication, entitled, „Mixed Marijuana Messages from Trump Administration Make Diversification Imperative,” looks at some of the marijuana-related messages coming out of the White House, and provides insight into the varying operations of several companies operating in the booming industry. To view the full publication visit: https://www.networknewswire.com/mixed-marijuana-messages-trump-administration-make-diversification-imperative/ „Particular defensive tactics vary, but most fall under a broad strategy of diversification and operations that involve servicing the broader industry by means of providing accessories, technological solutions, financial services and real estate, among others. „Case-in-point is SinglePoint (SING), a company that specializes in the acquisition of small- to mid-sized companies. Through its wholly owned SingleSeed.com subsidiary, which several years ago geared up to offer payment-processing services to marijuana dispensaries, SinglePoint continues to explore ways to provide financial services to marijuana establishments. „The provision of payment services is part of SinglePoint’s ‚no-touch’ strategy, an approach best demonstrated by its acquisition of a portion of Jacksam Corp., dba Convectium, a profitable California-based provider of equipment, branding, and packaging solutions for the cannabis industry.” About SinglePoint, Inc. SinglePoint, Inc. (SING) has grown from a full-service mobile technology provider to a publicly traded holding company. Through diversification into horizontal markets, SinglePoint is building its portfolio by acquiring an interest in undervalued subsidiaries, thereby providing a rich, diversified holding base. Through its subsidiary company SingleSeed the company is providing products and services to the cannabis industry. Connect on social media at: www.facebook.com/SinglePointMobile, www.twitter.com/_SinglePoint_, www.linkedin.com/company/SinglePoint and www.youtube.com/user/SinglePointMobile For more information visit www.SinglePoint.com or www.SingleSeed.com About NetworkNewsWire NetworkNewsWire (NNW) provides news aggregation and syndication, enhanced press release services and a full array of social communication solutions. As a multifaceted financial news and distribution company with an extensive team of journalists and contributing writers, NNW is uniquely positioned to best serve private and public companies who need to reach a wide audience of investors, consumers, journalists and the general public. NNW has an ever-growing distribution network of more than 5,000 key syndication outlets across the country. By cutting through the overload of information in today’s market, NNW brings its clients unparalleled visibility, recognition and brand awareness. NNW is where news, content and information converge. For more information, visit https://www.NetworkNewsWire.com Please see full disclaimers on the NetworkNewsWire website applicable to all content provided by NNW, wherever published or re-published: http://nnw.fm/Disclaimer Forward-Looking Statements This release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain as they are based on current expectations and assumptions concerning future events or future performance of the company. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which are only predictions and speak only as of the date hereof. In evaluating such statements, prospective investors should review carefully various risks and uncertainties identified in this release and matters set in the company’s SEC filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause the company’s actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Posted on 23 March 2017 Orion Acquires Vernalis, Strengthening Services & Solutions and Adding Sports & Entertainment to Growing Suite of Verticals Orion expands global footprint and further solidifies presence in the emerging technologies space MONMOUTH JUNCTION, N.J., March 23, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Orion (www.orioninc.com), a global IT business solutions firm, today announced the acquisitions of New York-based Vernalis Group, Inc. and India-based Vernalis Systems Private Limited (together, "Vernalis"). With this acquisition, Orion further solidifies its presence in the Professional Services industry vertical, and adds a new industry vertical of Global Sports & Entertainment. Vernalis provides custom software and technology solutions to a variety of enterprise clients in the financial services and professional athletics industries.  With consultants located in the United States, India and Australia, the company provides unparalleled expertise in using emerging technologies to simplify and automate complex business processes for its customers.  Over the years, Vernalis has established several key, stable and long-standing relationships with marquee customer accounts, therefore adding to Orion's already impressive list of strong customer partnerships. Orion focuses on delivering solutions across data, analytics, enterprise collaboration, risk and compliance, knowledge management and cloud; enabling its customers to drive their journey "from data to decision making".  The company has established itself as a strategic partner to numerous Fortune 1,000 and large enterprise clients in the financial services, telecom, healthcare, consumer products, education, and government industries.  Through its U.S. base and offshore development centers in India, Orion services a broad range of client engagements and delivers cutting edge and cost-effective solutions to clients.  Orion is an investment of Washington, DC-based private equity firm Potomac Equity Partners. "We are excited about the acquisition of Vernalis and the opportunities of our combined company," said Raj Patil, Chief Executive Officer of Orion. "Rarely do two firms bring such a similar customer engagement model to bear; and the resulting close partnerships that Vernalis has developed with its marquee customers will be a valuable addition to Orion's existing list of customer partners." He added: "The combination of Vernalis and Orion will enable both companies to become even more adept at providing its customers with world-class, innovative, scalable, high-performance, and value-added technology solutions." "Orion represents the ideal acquirer for Vernalis.  With its similar focus on developing meaningful partnership-oriented relationships with its customers via its efficient use of a global footprint like Vernalis, the two companies are naturally suited to work together," said Bala Chandra, Founder and CEO of Vernalis.  He added: "Many thanks to the firm of Sett & Lucas, the exclusive sell side advisors for the transaction." "Vernalis and our customers are looking forward to the expanded scale and capabilities that the combination with Orion will provide, as this transaction represents a true win for Orion, Vernalis and our collective customer base," said Nate Hanafy, Managing Director, New York of Vernalis. About Orion Founded in 1993 and headquartered in New Jersey, Orion is a global provider of IT solutions and services to the Fortune 1,000 and large enterprise clients. The Company serves as a strategic IT partner for leading financial services, healthcare, communications, consumer products, education, and government organizations. Orion delivers solutions across data, analytics, enterprise collaboration, risk & compliance, knowledge management and The Cloud.  Orion's ability to service a broad range of clients using its blended engagement models has resulted in delivering cutting edge and cost effective solutions to its clients, and the company has experienced revenue growth in 23 of the 24 years since its founding. For more information, visit www.orioninc.com About Vernalis Founded in 1999, Vernalis provides custom software and technology solutions to a variety of enterprise clients in the financial services and professional athletics industries. With nearly 400 consultants located in the United States, India and Australia, the company provides unparalleled expertise in using emerging technologies to simplify and automate complex business processes for its customers.  For more information, visit http://www.vernal.is/ About Potomac Equity Partners Potomac Equity Partners is a Washington, D.C.-based private equity investment firm focused on providing superior equity returns through the close partnership and collaboration with its portfolio company management team members. The firm strives to invest in companies with leading products and services, superior management teams, and in which its invested capital and collaborative efforts can enable companies to exponentially ramp their long-term growth prospects and overall performance. The principals of Potomac Equity Partners have a long and successful history of investing with management teams across a wide range of industries including software and technology, education and training, healthcare, and information services.  For more information, visit www.potomacequitypartners.com. Contact: Judith Murray: 877.456.9922   SOURCE Orion Posted on 23 March 2017 FinancialBuzz.com: The Growth of the Sample Preparation Market FinancialBuzz.com News Commentary NEW YORK, March 23, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- A research report by Mordor Intelligence indicates that the global sample preparation market is expected to reach USD 7.2 billion by the end of 2021 and growing at a CAGR of 7.1%. Sample preparation is a procedure in which a sample is preserved prior to its analysis. Preparation is a crucial step in most analytical procedures since the methods are often allowing repeated testing. The report explains that the sample preparation is one of the most shared procedures in the lab. In many life science labs, it can devour most of the lab's capacity, and often encompasses a number of physical error-prone steps. Pressure BioSciences, Inc. (OTC: PBIO), Danaher Corporation (NYSE: DHR), Hologic, Inc. (NASDAQ: HOLX), Koninklijke Philips NV (NYSE: PHG), Illumina, Inc. (NASDAQ: ILMN) The sample preparation market is segment of the medical devices market. Grace Market Data projects that the global medical devices (MD) market will see a steady growth over the coming years with the sales revenue and international trade value reaching $543.9 billion and $289.2 billion respectively by 2020, which is driven by the aging population, increasing healthcare expenditure and technology advancement. Medical devices are the equipment, instruments used in medical industries by professional surgeons, medical assistants and doctors for healthcare of patients. Companies in this industry manufacture medical devices, surgical equipment and appliances. Pressure BioSciences, Inc. (OTCQB: PBIO) develops, markets, and sells proprietary laboratory instrumentation and associated consumables to the life sciences sample preparation market. The products are based on the unique properties of both constant (i.e., static) and alternating (i.e., pressure cycling technology, or PCT) hydrostatic pressure. PCT is a patented enabling technology platform that uses alternating cycles of hydrostatic pressure between ambient and ultra-high levels to safely and reproducibly control bio-molecular interactions. To date, we have installed over 250 PCT systems in approximately 160 sites worldwide. Just yesterday Pressure BioSciences announced financial results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year ended December 31, 2016. The company stated, "55% Growth in Q4 2016 Products & Services Revenue, Including 70% Increase in Sale of Consumable Supplies, Helps Company Achieve 27% Growth in Products & Services Revenue for Fiscal Year 2016. New Product Releases and Expansion of Sales & Marketing Capabilities Expected to Augment Revenue in FY2017." Richard T. Schumacher, President and CEO of PBI, commented: "Our accomplishments over the past year have set the stage for what we believe will be a very successful 2017. These accomplishments have let us enter the new year with a stronger balance sheet; a broader product offering; an award-winning, next generation instrument; important additions to our hard-working and talented staff; a larger customer base; and an expanded and enhanced sales and marketing capability." Mr. Schumacher continued: "Our near-term goals are clear, focused, and attainable in 2017. We believe their achievement will subsequently position PBI to be a stronger, more valuable company. These goals include: (i) an up-list to the NASDAQ stock market in Q2 2017, (ii) measureable progress in completing and implementing a sound roadmap toward financial self-sufficiency and future growth and prosperity, (iii) continuation of the current expansion of our sales and marketing capabilities, and our reach into new countries, investigators, and fields-of-use; and (iv) a focus on sales, sales, and sales." Danaher Corporation (NYSE: DHR) designs, manufactures and markets professional, medical, industrial and commercial products and services. With more than 20 operating companies, Danaher's globally diverse team of over 62,000 associates is united by a common culture and operating system, the Danaher Business System. Pressure BioSciences, previously announced an exclusive co-marketing agreement with SCIEX, a company focuses on science analytical technologies, and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Danaher Corporation. Under the agreement, the companies will jointly promote Pressure BioSciences' PCT-based sample preparation systems and SCIEX's mass spectrometry equipment, with a focus on improved sample preparation. Hologic, Inc. (NASDAQ: HOLX) is a developer, manufacturer and supplier of diagnostics products, medical imaging systems and surgical products with an emphasis on women's health. The Company operates through four segments: Diagnostics, Breast Health, GYN Surgical and Skeletal Health. The diagnostics products include Aptima family of assays, ThinPrep system, the Rapid Fetal Fibronectin Test and Procleix blood screening assays. The company recently announced that it has completed the acquisition of Cynosure, Inc., a leader in medical aesthetics systems and technologies. Koninklijke Philips NV (NYSE: PHG) is a health technology company. The Company's segments include Personal Health businesses, Diagnosis & Treatment businesses, Connected Care & Health Informatics businesses, and Lighting. The Company's Personal Health businesses segment is engaged in the health continuum, delivering integrated, connected solutions that support healthier lifestyles and those living with chronic disease. Recently Philips that the results from two large clinical trials comparing patient outcomes using instant wave-free ratio (iFR) and fractional flow reserve (FFR) in the diagnosis and treatment of heart disease have been published in the New England Journal of Medicine. First released in 2013, iFR is an innovative pressure-derived index unique to Philips, a global leader in image-guided therapy solutions, allowing hyperemia-free physiological assessment of coronary blockages. Illumina, Inc. (NASDAQ: ILMN) is a provider of sequencing- and array-based solutions for genetic analysis. The Company operates through two segments: Core Illumina and the consolidated variable interest entities (VIEs), which include the activities of GRAIL, Inc. (GRAIL) and Helix Holdings I, LLC (Helix). On March 21st it was announced that Kailos Genetics, a personalized medicine company offering a leading-edge suite of tools for next-generation sequencing (NGS)-based assays, today announced it has entered into a co-marketing agreement with Illumina, Inc. Under the terms of the agreement, Illumina will market and promote the Kailos TargetRich™ line of research solutions for pharmacogenetics targets through its commercial channels. Please Sign Up Now at http://www.FinancialBuzz.com To Receive Alerts on Trending Financial News from all these companies. "The Latest Buzz in Financial News" Subscribe Now! Watch us report from NYSE https://www.youtube.com/FinancialBuzzMedia Follow us on Twitter for real time Financial News Updates: https://twitter.com/financialbuzz Follow and talk to us on Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/financialbuzz Facebook Like Us to receive live feeds: https://www.facebook.com/Financialbuzz/ About FinancialBuzz.com     FinancialBuzz.com, a leading financial news informational web portal designed to provide the latest trends in Market News, Investing News, Personal Finance, Politics, Entertainment, in-depth broadcasts on Stock News, Market Analysis and Company Interviews. A pioneer in the financially driven digital space, video production and integration of social media, FinancialBuzz.com creates 100% unique original content. FinancialBuzz.com also provides financial news PR branding, marketing and advertising for third parties for disseminating news and original content through our unique media platform that includes Newswire Delivery, Digital Advertising, Social Media Relations, Video Production, Broadcasting, and Financial Publications. Please Note: FinancialBuzz.com is not a financial advisory or advisor, investment advisor or broker-dealer and do not undertake any activities that would require such registration. The information provided on http://www.FinancialBuzz.com (the "Site") is either original financial news or paid advertisements provided [exclusively] by our affiliates (sponsored content), FinancialBuzz.com, a financial news media and marketing firm enters into service agreements with the companies which are the subject to the articles posted on the Site or other editorials for advertising such companies. We are not an independent news media provider and therefore do not represent or warrant that the information posted on the Site is accurate, unbiased or complete. FinancialBuzz.com receives fees for producing and presenting high quality and sophisticated content on FinancialBuzz.com along with other financial news PR media services. FinancialBuzz.com does not offer any personal opinions as we purely incorporate public market research along with financial and corporate news. FinancialBuzz.com only aggregates or regurgitates financial or corporate news through our unique financial newswire and media platform. For this release, FinancialBuzz.com has been compensated a total of ten thousand dollars for financial news dissemination and pr services by pressure biosciences, inc. Our fees may be either a flat cash sum or negotiated number of securities of the companies featured on this site, or a combination thereof. The securities are commonly paid in segments, of which a portion is received upon engagement and the balance is paid on or near the conclusion of the engagement. FinancialBuzz.com will always disclose any compensation in securities or cash payments for financial news PR advertising. FinancialBuzz.com does not undertake to update any of the information on the Site or continue to post information about any companies the information contained herein is not intended to be used as the basis for investment decisions and should not be considered as investment advice or a recommendation. The information contained herein is not an offer or solicitation to buy, hold or sell any security. FinancialBuzz.com, members and affiliates are not responsible for any gains or losses that result from the opinions expressed on the Site, company profiles, quotations or in other materials or presentations that it publishes electronically or in print. Investors accept full responsibility for any and all of their investment decisions based on their own independent research and evaluation of their own investment goals, risk tolerance, and financial condition. FinancialBuzz.com. By accessing this website and any pages thereof, you agree to be bound by the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, as may be amended from time to time. None of the content issued by FinancialBuzz.com constitutes a recommendation for any investor to purchase, hold or sell any particular security, pursue a particular investment strategy or that any security is suitable for any investor. This publication is provided by FinancialBuzz.com. Each investor is solely responsible for determining whether a particular security or investment strategy is suitable based on their objectives, other securities holdings, financial situation needs, and tax status. You agree to consult with your investment advisor, tax and legal consultant before making any investment decisions. We make no representations as to the completeness, accuracy or timeless of the material provided. All materials are subject to change without notice. Information is obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but its accuracy and completeness are not guaranteed. For our full disclaimer, disclosure and Terms of Use. Please visit: http://www.financialbuzz.com For further information: Media Contact: info@financialbuzz.com +1-877-601-1879 Posted on 23 March 2017 EMA accepterer Lundbecks og Otsukas ansøgning om brexpiprazol til behandling af voksne patienter med skizofreni Valby, 2017-03-23 14:00 CET (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — H. Lundbeck A/S (Lundbeck) og Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (Otsuka) meddeler i dag, at Det Europæiske Lægemiddelagentur (EMA) har accepteret en registreringsansøgning (MAA) for brexpiprazol til behandling af skizofreni i voksne. Posted on 23 March 2017 Lundbeck and Otsuka’s brexpiprazole for adult patients with schizophrenia accepted for review by EMA Valby, 2017-03-23 14:00 CET (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — H. Lundbeck A/S (Lundbeck) and Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (Otsuka) today announce that the European Medicines Agency (EMA) has accepted for review a Marketing Authorisation Application for brexpiprazole to treat schizophrenia in adults. Posted on 23 March 2017 Indkaldelse til ordinær generalforsamling Investeringsforeningen Gudme Raaschou indkalder til foreningens ordinære generalforsamling, der afholdes onsdag, den 19. april 2017, kl. 14.30. Indkaldelsen med sted og dagsorden samt bilag er vedhæftet. Posts navigation Page 1 Page 2 … Page 40,173 Next page Search Recent Posts Sanatana Closes Private Placement Canada Rare Earth Enters into a Second Set of Hedged Purchase and Sale Agreements South American Gold Corp Appoints New EVP and CFO NetworkNewsWire Announces Publication of Editorial on Advantages, Challenges of Big Data in Health Care NetworkNewsWire Announces Publication of Discussion on the Diverse Operations of Leading Marijuana Companies Business Contacts A Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Trump's Money Man Jane Mayer, The New Yorker March 19, 2017 AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais, File Last month, when President Donald Trump toured a Boeing aircraft plant in North Charleston, South Carolina, he saw a familiar face in the crowd that greeted him: Patrick Caddell, a former Democratic political operative and pollster who, for forty-five years, has been prodding insurgent Presidential candidates to attack the Washington establishment. Caddell, who lives in Charleston, is perhaps best known for helping Jimmy Carter win the 1976 Presidential race. He is also remembered for having collaborated with his friend Warren Beatty on the 1998 satire “Bulworth.” In that film, a kamikaze candidate abandons the usual talking points and excoriates both the major political parties and the media; voters love his unconventionality, and he becomes improbably popular. If the plot sounds familiar, there’s a reason: in recent years, Caddell has offered political advice to Trump. He has not worked directly for the President, but at least as far back as 2013 he has been a contractor for one of Trump’s biggest financial backers: Robert Mercer, a reclusive Long Island hedge-fund manager, who has become a major force behind the Trump Presidency. Read Full Article » Related Topics: Donald Trump Comment Show commentsHide Comments RCP Log In | Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related Articles ©2017 RealClearPolitics | Go to full site
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 March 2017 by Military News Ninth Boeing-Built Wideband Global SATCOM Satellite to Expand Military Communications Capabilities for U.S., Allies CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla., March 18, 2017 – Boeing’s [NYSE: BA] ninth Wideband Global SATCOM (WGS) satellite launched into orbit today and will provide the United States and six allied nations with increased communications capabilities to prevent, protect against and respond to attacks. The WGS-9 satellite was funded through an agreement between the United States and Canada, Denmark, Luxembourg, the Netherlands and New Zealand, and will also serve Australia (which funded the WGS-6 satellite). Each partner country gains access to the capabilities provided by the full WGS system, which include flexible and secure communication transmissions in the X- and Ka-band frequencies. “This unique international collaboration increases military interoperability and expands affordable high-data-rate communications for U.S. and allied partners around the globe,” said Rico Attanasio, executive director, Boeing Department of Defense/Civil Satellite Programs. “WGS-9 is among the most capable military communication satellites on orbit today.” WGS-9 launched on a United Launch Alliance Delta IV rocket. Boeing is on contract for 10 WGS satellites, the last of which is tentatively scheduled for launch in 2018. The eighth, ninth and tenth WGS satellites include upgraded digital channelizers that nearly double the available bandwidth of earlier satellites in the series. A Boeing video about WGS’s anti-jam capabilities is available at www.boeing.com/features/2016/11/innovation-wgs-11-16.page. For more information on Defense, Space & Security, visit www.boeing.com. Follow us on Twitter: @BoeingDefense. # # # Contact: Matthew Barnett Network & Space Systems Office: +1 310-335-6747 Mobile: +1 310-341-6818 matthew.barnett2@boeing.com CategoriesUncategorized Tagsdefense, military, rocket, satellite, satellites, Space, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New Processing Baseline release for Sentinel-3A SRAL Level-1B and Marine Level-2 products Next PostNext Mark Your Calendar for the 2017 NAHB Legislative Conference Search Recent Posts IIROC Trade Resumption / L’OCRCVM permet la reprise de la negociation – IMM Atossa Genetics Opens Enrollment in Study of Endoxifen How the U.S. Keeps Herbal Dietary Supplements Safe Patriot One Announces Evaluation and Purchase Agreement with Iconic Las Vegas Property Global Lock Market Will Reach at CAGR of 6.03% Between 2017-2021 Business Contacts A Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
CBS News Logo CBS News News Latest US World Politics Entertainment Health MoneyWatch SciTech Crime Sports Shows Video More In Depth Photos Mobile Radio Local Shop Log in/out Search CBSN Toggle video By William Harwood CBS News March 18, 2017, 10:58 PM Delta 4 rocket launches powerful military satellite A United Launch Alliance Delta 4 rocket climbs away from Cape Canaveral Saturday, putting on a dramatic show for area residents and tourists enjoying ideal weather along Florida’s Space Coast. ULA Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email A United Launch Alliance Delta 4 rocket boosted a $424 million military communications satellite into orbit Saturday evening, the latest in a globe-spanning constellation of high-speed relay stations used by the United States and a half-dozen partner nations. The Boeing-built Wideband Global SATCOM -- WGS-9 -- communications station will provide high-speed communications services to U.S. and allied nations, including drone command and control, voice and video links, messaging, data relay, email and television broadcasts to troops in the field. The satellites are used by The White House, the State Department and all branches of the U.S. military. Australia, Canada, Denmark, the Netherlands, Luxembourg and New Zealand paid for two of the satellites in the fleet and are able to use a portion of the network in return.    A time exposure captures the fiery trail of a Delta 4 rocket as it shot away from Cape Canaveral Saturday night carrying a powerful military communications satellite. United Launch Alliance “WGS provides anytime, anywhere communications for soldiers, sailors, airmen, marines and international partners through broadcast, multicast and point-to-point connections,” said Robert Tarleton, director of the Air Force’s Military Satellite Communications Systems at the Space and Missile Systems Center. “This very successful cooperative effort, along with the U.S. and Australia cooperative effort for WGS-6, enhances the foundation for long-term cooperation in military satellite communications and has been very effective in promoting increased interoperability among our strategic allies.” Putting on a spectacular weekend sky show, the Delta 4’s hydrogen-fueled main engine and four strap-on solid-fuel boosters ignited on time at 7:44 p.m. ET, generating 1.8 million pounds of thrust and instantly pushing the booster away from launch complex 37 at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. Generating a brilliant plume of fiery exhaust visible for miles around, the 217-foot-tall rocket smoothly climbed away, consuming propellants at a furious rate, shedding weight and quickly accelerating. The four strap-on boosters burned out in pairs and were kicked away from the first stage about one minute and 42 seconds after liftoff. The Aerojet Rocketdyne RS-68A first stage engine shut down as planned just under four minutes into flight. The spent stage then fell away and the second stage RL10B-2 engine, also built by Aerojet Rocketdyne, ignited and fired for another 15-and-a-half minutes to put the vehicle and its satellite payload into a preliminary elliptical orbit. A second three-minute burn finished the job and about 42 minutes after liftoff, the 13,000-pound Wideband Global Satcom 9 satellite was released into a so-called “super-synchronous” transfer orbit with a low point of around 270 miles and a predicted high point of about 27,571 miles. Over the next several weeks, small on-board thrusters will be used to circularize the orbit at an operational altitude 22,300 miles above the equator. At that altitude, satellites take 24 hours to complete one orbit and appear to hang stationary in the sky, allowing the use of fixed antennas on the ground along with line-of-sight communications with mobile forces. After WGS-9 reaches its final orbit, Boeing engineers will spend several weeks checking out and testing the relay station and maneuvering it to a classified position before turning it over to the Pentagon. WGS-9 and WGS-8, launched last December, are both expected to be operational later this year. One more WGS satellite will be launched late next year, the tenth member of a constellation replacing older Defense Satellite Communication System spacecraft. Each WGS spacecraft has 10 times the capability of the older satellites and, starting with WGS-7, an additional 17 percent improvement in bandwidth due to operational changes. WGS 8 and 9 feature 90 percent more bandwidth than earlier models using a high-tech router-like device known as a Wideband Digital Channelizer provided by IBM. The solar-powered satellite features eight steerable X-band beams and 10 Ka-band beams covering 19 independent coverage areas, along with full-Earth coverage in X-band. This was the 35th launch of a Delta 4 rocket since the current version of the booster began flying in 2002, all of them successful. Including less powerful Delta 2 boosters and Atlas 5 rockets, ULA has now flown 118 successful missions in a row. ULA, a partnership between Boeing and Lockheed Martin, was formed in December 2006. © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email William Harwood Bill Harwood has been covering the U.S. space program full-time since 1984, first as Cape Canaveral bureau chief for United Press International and now as a consultant for CBS News. He covered 129 space shuttle missions, every interplanetary flight since Voyager 2's flyby of Neptune and scores of commercial and military launches. Based at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida, Harwood is a devoted amateur astronomer and co-author of "Comm Check: The Final Flight of Shuttle Columbia." Featured in SciTech 25 years of breathtaking Hubble Telescope images Since it was launched in 1990, the Hubble Space Telescope has sent us breathtaking images back from the deepest corners of space 11 species threatened by climate change As the world warms, many plants and animals are struggling to adapt Popular CBSN Live pop-out From 60 Minutes Poisoned Prisoner 760 Tortured at Guantanamo, former inmate finds forgiveness Poisoned again? What 60 Minutes learned about Russia's "love of poison" Viewers react to Marine Le Pen's vision of France Play Video New Kid on the Street Play Video You're Fired Play Video Fighting Famine Play Video New info on London attack Play Video Overnight raids after London attack Play Video Investigation into London attack Play Video GOP health care bill in jeopardy Play Video New surveillance claims Previous Next 28 Photos Deadly London attack 17 Photos Chuck Berry 1926-2017 23 Photos Betsey Johnson on the runway 16 Photos Duke and Duchess of Cambridge visit Paris 26 Photos Inside a Cold War-era nuclear missile bunker Previous Next Most Discussed James Comey confirms FBI investigation into possible Trump-Russia connections Meals on Wheels proposal surprises Trump voter using program Trump communications may have ended up in "incidental collection," says intel chair Senate Intel: "No indications" of Trump Tower surveillance or wiretapping GOP health care bill: Will it pass? The whip count New Fire TV App CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Copyright © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Search
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     More Electric Aircraft Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4% by 2021   View as PDF  Print View    Global More Electric Aircraft Market by Application (Commercial, Military and UAV), by Platform (Commercial Aircraft, UAV and Military Aircraft), and by Geography - Forecast to 2021 Pune, India - March 20, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ -- More Electric Aircraft Market: The Global More Electric Aircraft Market is expected to grow at a CAGR of around 4% during 2016-2021. This growth is driven due to production of next generation aircraft with more electric capabilities. As per the MRFR analysis, the use of electrical system has reduced the overall cost, thus result in improved operation. This also helps to control emission. The challenges associated with the market are the issues with electrical power system, issues in electrical generator associated with civilian and commercial usage of more electric aircraft. The Americas is leading the global more electric aircraft market; however the demand has increased from emerging nations such as EMEA and Asia Pacific in relation to growing demand for more electric aircraft in civil as well as military aircraft. Key Players of More Electric Aircraft Market: o Airbus o Honeywell International o Raytheon o Safran o The Boeing Company o United Technologies Corporation o Thales Group o Zodiac Aerospace SA o Bombardier o TTTech Computertechnik Request a Sample Copy @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1245 Study Objectives of More Electric Aircraft Market: o To provide detailed analysis of the market structure along with forecast for the next 5 years of the various segments and sub-segments of the Global More Electric Aircraft Market. o To provide insights about factors affecting the market growth. o To analyse the Global More Electric Aircraft Market based on various factors- price analysis, supply chain analysis, porter's five force analysis etc. o To provide historical and forecast revenue of the market segments and sub-segments with respect to four main geographies and their countries- North America, Europe, Asia, and Rest of the World (ROW). o To provide country-level analysis of the market with respect to the current market size and future prospective. o To provide country-level analysis of the market for segment by types and applications. o To provide strategic profiling of key players in the market, comprehensively analysing their core competencies, and drawing a competitive landscape for the market. o To track and analyse competitive developments such as joint ventures, strategic alliances, mergers and acquisitions, new product developments, and research and developments in the Global More Electric Aircraft Market. Browse Full Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/more-electric-aircraft-market About Market Research Future: At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services. MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions. Contact Info: Name: Akash Anand Organization: Market Research Future Address: Hadapsar, Pune Phone: +1 646 845 9312 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/more-electric-aircraft-market-is-expected-to-grow-at-a-cagr-of-4-by-2021/179256 For more information, please visit https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/ Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 179256 Recent Press Releases By The Same User The Worlds First Youtube Simulator Game Hits 2.5 Million Downloads (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Bias Tire Market 2017 Share, Growth, Key Manufacturers Analysis and Regional Forecast (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Bozeman MT Ranch Real Estate Broker Releases Montana Bull Sale Auction Report (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Canal Hearing Aids Market Growing at 5.51% CAGR during 2017 to 2021 (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Global Software defined perimeter (SDP) Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Precision Farming Market To Reach $5.5 Billion With 12.64% CAGR Forecast To 2020 (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 March 2017 by Military News Executives Coming to ProMat 2017 to Find What’s New and What’s Next in Manufacturing and Supply Chains – Event to be held April 3-6 in Chicago CHICAGO–(BUSINESS WIRE)–When the manufacturing and supply chain industry’s largest event, ProMat 2017, opens on April 3 it will include over 950 exhibits from leading solution providers and a comprehensive Educational Conference of over 100 sessions focusing on what’s next in best-in-class solutions for manufacturing and supply chain operations. For the first time, ProMat will feature solution centers on supply chain sustainability and autonomous vehicles. “MHI has expanded the educational and networking offerings at ProMat 2017 to provide attendees with the best possible show experience and to connect them with the information and tools they need to tackle the challenges of today’s ever-changing business environment,” said George Prest, CEO of MHI. “ProMat brings the industry together to collaborate and develop into a community that shares knowledge and solves current and future manufacturing and supply chain challenges.” April 3 Keynote Panel: Building Supply Chain Sustainability for Competitive Advantage: Lessons learned from leaders in innovative facility design Moderator: Andrew Winston, sustainability expert and author of Green to Gold Panelists: Tamara Barker, Chief Sustainability Officer and Vice President of Environmental Affairs, UPS Randolph L. Bradley, Technical Fellow, Supply Chain Management, The Boeing Company Rick Bingle, Vice President of Supply Chain, REI April 4 Keynote: Industry 4.0 – How intelligent machines are transforming supply chains Markus Lorenz, Partner and Managing Director, The Boston Consulting Group April 5 Keynote Panel: Preview of MHI 2017 Annual Industry Report-Next-Generation Supply Chains: Digital, On-Demand and Always-On Moderators: George W. Prest, CEO, MHI and Scott Sopher, Principal, Deloitte Consulting LLP Panelists: Amy T. Augustine, Senior Manager, Reverse Logistics, U.S. Cellular Venkat Venkataramani, Director CoE for Digital Supply Chain, SA, SAP Alan Amling, Vice President of Corporate Strategy, UPS Randy V. Bradley, Assistant Professor of Information Systems and Supply Chain Management, University of Tennessee Stacey Hodoh, Global Vice President, Distribution Operations at Walmart Canada Mario Adamy, Vice President of Distribution Operations, Albertsons Jay Kim, Chief Strategy Officer, Upskill April 5 Keynote: The Power of Magic: Know your customer and where they are going Earvin “Magic” Johnson, Chairman and CEO of Magic Johnson Enterprises April 5: MHI Industry Night with Dana Carvey ProMat will feature an evening of music, food, drinks and entertainment by comedian Dana Carvey on Wednesday, April 5. Tickets to this event are $50 and include beer, wine and hors d’oeuvres. A portion of ticket sales will be donated to the Material Handling Education Foundation, Inc. (MHEFI). The door prize for this event will be a trip of a lifetime vacation. Trip Value: $30,000. See official rules. Women in the Supply Chain Industry Forum on April 4 at ProMat MHI has partnered with MHEDA (Material Handling Equipment Distributors Association) and AWESOME (Achieving Women’s Excellence in Supply Chain Operations, Management and Education) to bring an afternoon of discussion, education and networking for women in our industry. Learn more. Complete information on ProMat including complimentary show and educational session registration can be found online at www.ProMatShow.com. ProMat is the largest international material handling, logistics and supply chain show and conference held in North America and South America. The event will be held April 3-6, 2017 at Chicago’s McCormick Place. The Automate Show and Conference, sponsored by the Association for Advancing Automation, is once again collocated with ProMat in 2017. For more information on exhibiting or attending ProMat, visit ProMatShow.com. ProMat is Powered by MHI MHI is an international trade association that has represented the material handling, logistics and supply chain industry since 1945. MHI members include material handling and logistics equipment and systems manufacturers, integrators, consultants, publishers and third-party logistics providers. MHI offers education, networking and solution sourcing for their members, their customers and the industry as a whole through programming and events. The association sponsors the ProMat and MODEX expos to showcase the products and services of its member companies and to educate manufacturing and supply chain professionals. Contact: For more information on MHI activities and programming contact Carol Miller at 704-676-1190. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, Education, Entertainment, Environment, Food and Beverage, Industry, Music, officer, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Roots Pump Market 2017- Gardner Denver, Dresser (GE), Tuthill Corporation, Howden, Aerzen, Taiko Next PostNext NetDimensions (Holdings) Limited: Intention to delist Search Recent Posts World Meteorological Day celebrates importance of clouds for weather, climate and water IIROC Trade Resumption / L’OCRCVM permet la reprise de la negociation – IMM Atossa Genetics Opens Enrollment in Study of Endoxifen How the U.S. Keeps Herbal Dietary Supplements Safe Patriot One Announces Evaluation and Purchase Agreement with Iconic Las Vegas Property Business Contacts A Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,648 -13.31 -0.06% Nasdaq 5,817 -4.75 -0.08% S&P 500 2,347 -1.35 -0.06% 9:36 A.M. ET Live blog and video of SEC chairman nominee Clayton confirmation hearing 9:36 A.M. ET Updated Oil prices turn lower as focus returns to oversupply 9:31 A.M. ET Breaking Stocks open lower as as investors focus on health-care vote 9:30 A.M. ET Nasdaq Composite down 0.2% 9:30 A.M. ET Dow retreats 0.1% 9:30 A.M. ET S&P 500 off 0.1% 9:30 A.M. ET Breaking Stocks open lower as vote on Republican health-care bill looms 9:30 A.M. ET Luxury Buildings Push Elevators to New Heights 9:23 A.M. ET Trump on his performance: ‘I’m president and you’re not’ 9:16 A.M. ET Updated Trump rally could smash on the rocks of health-care vote 9:15 A.M. ET Updated These key technical levels may signal if the stock market is set to rise or fall 9:15 A.M. ET Ford's stock drops 2.5% premarket after downbeat Q1 earnings outlook 9:14 A.M. ET Updated Ford sees Q1 EPS 30 cents-35 cents; FactSet consensus 47 cents 9:14 A.M. ET Updated Why the bull run will stay in great shape even as the health bill troubles traders 9:13 A.M. ET Updated Parents: Here’s a primer for college savings 9:12 A.M. ET Details Emerge About London Attacker as Police Arrest Eight 9:12 A.M. ET Updated When Americans emotionally spend, they buy toilet paper and Clorox 9:11 A.M. ET Updated Look out, taxes from an IRA can sneak up on you 9:12 A.M. ET Updated Eight arrested in six raids as police probe London terror attack 9:11 A.M. ET Updated Get a grip on your debt and 4 other ways to boost your retirement confidence Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Executives Coming to ProMat 2017 to Find What’s New and What’s Next in Manufacturing and Supply Chains – Event to be held April 3-6 in Chicago By Published: Mar 20, 2017 6:00 a.m. ET Share Highlights include Keynotes on Sustainability, Industry 4.0, Digital Supply Chains, NBA Legend Magic Johnson and Entertainment by Comedian Dana Carvey CHICAGO, Mar 20, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- When the manufacturing and supply chain industry’s largest event, ProMat 2017, opens on April 3 it will include over 950 exhibits from leading solution providers and a comprehensive Educational Conference of over 100 sessions focusing on what’s next in best-in-class solutions for manufacturing and supply chain operations. For the first time, ProMat will feature solution centers on supply chain sustainability and autonomous vehicles. “MHI has expanded the educational and networking offerings at ProMat 2017 to provide attendees with the best possible show experience and to connect them with the information and tools they need to tackle the challenges of today’s ever-changing business environment,” said George Prest, CEO of MHI. “ProMat brings the industry together to collaborate and develop into a community that shares knowledge and solves current and future manufacturing and supply chain challenges.” April 3 Keynote Panel: Building Supply Chain Sustainability for Competitive Advantage: Lessons learned from leaders in innovative facility design Moderator: Andrew Winston, sustainability expert and author of Green to Gold Panelists: Tamara Barker, Chief Sustainability Officer and Vice President of Environmental Affairs, UPS Randolph L. Bradley, Technical Fellow, Supply Chain Management, The Boeing Company Rick Bingle, Vice President of Supply Chain, REI April 4 Keynote: Industry 4.0 – How intelligent machines are transforming supply chains Markus Lorenz, Partner and Managing Director, The Boston Consulting Group April 5 Keynote Panel: Preview of MHI 2017 Annual Industry Report-Next-Generation Supply Chains: Digital, On-Demand and Always-On Moderators: George W. Prest, CEO, MHI and Scott Sopher, Principal, Deloitte Consulting LLP Panelists: Amy T. Augustine, Senior Manager, Reverse Logistics, U.S. Cellular Venkat Venkataramani, Director CoE for Digital Supply Chain, SA, SAP Alan Amling, Vice President of Corporate Strategy, UPS Randy V. Bradley, Assistant Professor of Information Systems and Supply Chain Management, University of Tennessee Stacey Hodoh, Global Vice President, Distribution Operations at Walmart Canada Mario Adamy, Vice President of Distribution Operations, Albertsons Jay Kim, Chief Strategy Officer, Upskill April 5 Keynote: The Power of Magic: Know your customer and where they are going Earvin “Magic” Johnson, Chairman and CEO of Magic Johnson Enterprises April 5: MHI Industry Night with Dana Carvey ProMat will feature an evening of music, food, drinks and entertainment by comedian Dana Carvey on Wednesday, April 5. Tickets to this event are $50 and include beer, wine and hors d’oeuvres. A portion of ticket sales will be donated to the Material Handling Education Foundation, Inc. (MHEFI). The door prize for this event will be a trip of a lifetime vacation. Trip Value: $30,000. See official rules. Women in the Supply Chain Industry Forum on April 4 at ProMat MHI has partnered with MHEDA (Material Handling Equipment Distributors Association) and AWESOME (Achieving Women’s Excellence in Supply Chain Operations, Management and Education) to bring an afternoon of discussion, education and networking for women in our industry. Learn more. Complete information on ProMat including complimentary show and educational session registration can be found online at www.ProMatShow.com. ProMat is the largest international material handling, logistics and supply chain show and conference held in North America and South America. The event will be held April 3-6, 2017 at Chicago’s McCormick Place. The Automate Show and Conference, sponsored by the Association for Advancing Automation, is once again collocated with ProMat in 2017. For more information on exhibiting or attending ProMat, visit ProMatShow.com. ProMat is Powered by MHI MHI is an international trade association that has represented the material handling, logistics and supply chain industry since 1945. MHI members include material handling and logistics equipment and systems manufacturers, integrators, consultants, publishers and third-party logistics providers. MHI offers education, networking and solution sourcing for their members, their customers and the industry as a whole through programming and events. The association sponsors the ProMat and MODEX expos to showcase the products and services of its member companies and to educate manufacturing and supply chain professionals. Contact: For more information on MHI activities and programming contact Carol Miller at 704-676-1190. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170320005175/en/ SOURCE: MHI"> <Property FormalName="PrimaryTwitterHandle" Value="@poweredbyMHI MHI Carol Miller, 704-676-1190 Copyright Business Wire 2017 Most Popular The four most depressing reasons why Americans are not saving any money Two important things to remember as the stock market starts to stumble Dennis Gartman sees at least a 5% drop for stocks — and shades of Watergate Oil prices lifted by drop in U.S. gasoline stocks Richard Thaler: Here's the best investing strategy MarketWatch Partner Center Celebrity Real Estate Taylor Swift’s Beverly Hills Home Goes for Landmark Vote Next Month View More SectorWatch Here's what Trump means for the tech industry View More Real Estate Top 10 cities where downtown is making a comeback View More Moneyish This brand-new celebrity couple is worth $640 million View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Impossible Project I-1 Polaroid Camera: The Gizmodo Review Leica's Waterproof X-U Camera: The Gizmodo Review Car Reviews Six Hours In An Aston Martin DB11 BMW i3 REx: Australian Review Volvo S90: Australian Review 2016 Holden Astra: Australian Review Phone Reviews Samsung Galaxy A5 & A7: Australian Review Huawei Mate 9: Australian Review Oppo R9s: Australian Review Motorola Moto Z: Australian Review PC Reviews SCUF Infinity1 And Infinity4PS Pro Controllers: The Australian Review iKBC F87 Australian Review: No Frills, No Fuss Origin PC Chronos: Australian Review LG 27UD88 4K FreeSync Monitor: Australian Review Smartwatch Reviews Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review The Pebble 2 Is Now The Only Fitness Tracking Smartwatch You Need Fitbit Charge 2 Review: The Best Fitness Tracker, Period Gadgets Reviews North Face Access Pack: Australian Review Building The IKEA Bike Is A Pain Worth Suffering Through Samsung Powerbot VR9300 Robot Vacuum Cleaner: Australian Review DJI Mavic Pro 4K Drone Review: So Close To Terrific Gaming Reviews The Nintendo Switch: Australian Impressions Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Razer's eSports Gear Didn't Make Me Want To Play An eSport, But It Sure Is Nice Anyway Entertainment Reviews BeatsX Wireless Headphones: Australian Review The Animated Beauty And The Beast Remains A Near-Perfect Masterpiece Samsung Q8 QLED TV: Australian Review Logan Is Beautiful, Sophisticated, And Still A Kick-Arse Superhero Film BeatsX Wireless Headphones: Australian Review LG's 2017 OLED TVs: Australian Review The Animated Beauty And The Beast Remains A Near-Perfect Masterpiece North Face Access Pack: Australian Review Smart Home & Gadgets Trump's Electronics Ban On Aeroplanes Makes Less Sense Every Day Brilliant Motion-Tracking Dart Board Guarantees A Bullseye With Every Throw US And UK Ban Electronic Devices On Flights From Several Muslim Countries Rapping Robots Prove At Least One Job Is Safe From The Coming Android Apocalypse Mobile The 69 New Emoji Candidates, Ranked You Don't Really Need An Anti-Virus App Anymore Android Crashes On Boot When Running From SD Card You Can Get A Red iPhone Now Car Tech Tesla Is Setting Up Shop In Brisbane Uber's President Just Quit Cars Are Killing Us Amid PR Circus Fire, Uber Suddenly Decides To Care About Diversity Online Google Top Stories Serves Breitbart Garbage On Climate Science 15-Year-Old Girl Allegedly Sexually Assaulted On Facebook Live While 40 People Watched How To Buy Your Personal Domain Name Before Some Dumb Troll Does LinkedIn Picks A Losing Fight With Fake News Science & Health An Astrophysics Simulation Demonstrates How Dusty Space Is Astronauts Can See Mount Etna's Incredible Eruption From The Space Station Yet Another Reason Bees Are Screwed: Your Damn Almonds New Options For Getting Your Cat High Can Only Be A Good Thing Cameras This Nest Security Flaw Is Remarkably Stupid UK Testing Out Drone Army To Beef Up Its Already Robust Surveillance State  High Definition Footage Of New York, In 1993?! The New Tech That Could Turn Police Body Cams Into Nightmare Surveillance Tools Computing US Congressman Wants To Use Facial Recognition To Track Immigrants Five Things You Should Know Before Building Your Own PC Deals: Learn One Of The Most In-Demand Coding Languages For Just $55 Watch This Guy Catch A Virtual Reality Ball That Turns Out To Be Real Gaming Sydney's Microsoft Store Is Holding Free Game Development Workshops Game Of Thrones Is Getting A Tabletop Miniatures Game... Of Thrones Mass Effect: Andromeda Is Full Of SpaceX Easter Eggs The Future Of Ghostbusters Is Uncertain, But Ivan Reitman Has A Plan Entertainment A Boy Cares Only For His Pet Scorpion In This Funny And Surprising Animated Short Try And Watch This Bonkers Spinning Office Chair For More Than Five Seconds Without Puking Disney, Give Me A Gaston Prequel To Beauty And The Beast The Directors Of Swiss Army Man Are Making A Sci-Fi Movie Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Smart Home & Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment So Who Won Our Qantas Wi-Fi Competition? Experts Speak Out About The Government's National Science Statement: What Does It Mean For Australia? Win! Join Us On Qantas's First Flight With Wi-Fi Deals: Learn One Of The Most In-Demand Coding Languages For Just $55 Lockheed Martin Has A Laser For The US Army Rhett Jones Mar 20, 2017, 5:00pm ⋅ Filed to:  60 kilowatts army hel-md lasers lockheed martin Share While everyone complains about the fact that they don't have a jetpack or a flying car yet, the US military has patiently waited for its killer laser beams. Lockheed Martin says that it will hand off exactly that to the Army in the next few months. US Air Force Leaders Say It's High Time Our Planes Shoot Deadly Lasers US military bigwigs gathered in Orlando this week for the annual AirWarfare Symposium to discuss big plans for big weapons that do big damage. According to a report, the biggest unfunded project that US Special Operations Command hopes to push through is a C-130 that's equipped with a power laser weapon. Read more The weapons manufacturer says it has successfully tested a new laser weapon at 58 kilowatts of power. To give an idea of what that means, Boeing was able to blow a mortar out of the sky in 2014 with its HEL MD at 10 kilowatts of power. Lockheed says it will hit 60 kilowatts by the time it ships. The combined fibre laser uses multiple individual lasers that are focused together into a single beam. It's a big device, but it should be able to fit onto an armoured truck. The Navy has previously deployed a laser with about half the power on a ship in the Persian Gulf. That weapon requires a big battery and wouldn't be viable in an on-the-ground mobile situation. Lockheed's design is both lighter and more powerful than anything in use. It still isn't small enough to make a handheld blaster and it wouldn't be used for targeting individual people. The goal is to combat small aircraft, drones, and rockets. Offensive capabilities would likely be possible, but impractical. As technology has become more affordable, non-state combatants like ISIS have had easier access to drones and remote-controlled machine guns. Lasers are believed to be a system that would be effective at targeting those systems for little cost. Recently Gen. David Perkins gave a presentation in which he discussed a $US3 ($4) million Patriot missile being used to take down a $US300 ($390) drone. A laser interception of that same drone would come at the price of a little bit of electricity and travel at the speed of light. Unfortunately, Lockheed's tech keeps the worst part of laser guns: potentially killing people. But it doesn't have the best part: visible laser beams. The concept illustrations only show a red beam for effect. [Washington Post] Comments Be the first to comment on this story! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Be the first to comment on this story! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Win! Join Us On Qantas's First Flight With Wi-Fi Campbell Simpson 22 Mar 2017 3:15 PM Next Monday, Qantas's first plane with in-flight Wi-Fi and internet access will take to the skies. We'll be onboard, live-blogging away and running Gizmodo from 40,000 feet. And so could you! (The being onboard bit, that is, not the running Gizmodo bit. We wouldn't do that to you.) Gas Crisis? Energy Crisis? The Real Problem Is Lack Of Long-Term Planning Alan Pears 21 Mar 2017 12:00 PM If you’ve been watching the news in recent days, you’ll know we have an energy crisis, partly due to a gas crisis, which in turn has triggered a political crisis. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Learn One Of The Most In-Demand Coding Languages For Just $55 Buy A LG G6, Get A Free TV Deals: Become A Linux Administrator With This Training Program The Man Who Pulls Cars With His Eyelids Trending Articles 1 Win! Join Us On Qantas's First Flight With Wi-Fi 2 Gas Crisis? Energy Crisis? The Real Problem Is Lack Of Long-Term Planning 3 LG's 2017 OLED TVs: Australian Review A Boy Cares Only For His Pet Scorpion In This Funny And Surprising Animated Short Try And Watch This Bonkers Spinning Office Chair For More Than Five Seconds Without Puking Disney, Give Me A Gaston Prequel To Beauty And The Beast The Directors Of Swiss Army Man Are Making A Sci-Fi Movie Yu-Gi-Oh! Hair Looks Really Weird In Real Life Explaining Japanese Geek Slang: 'Babumi' For Honor Director Addresses Expensive Emotes Poll: The Most Anticipated Anime Of Autumn 2017 Make Fantastic Short Ribs In 10 Minutes By Grilling Them Like Steak All The Ways Snoring Affects Your Health Sydney's Microsoft Store Is Holding Free Game Development Workshops Briefly: Aussie Sports Ranked, Space DNA, New Pokemon GO Monsters Here's the real scientific link between grey hair and stress Ryan Gosling explains why he couldn't stop laughing during the Oscars best-picture fiasco This Silicon Valley school shuns technology -- yet most of the students are children of tech execs Here's what caffeine does to your body and brain © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
Menu Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Commentary Commentary: Rail regulation must recognize vital service Sun Mar 19th, 2017 2:18pm Opinion You must sign in or register to continue reading content. By Ian Jefferies Amazon reportedly has ambitions to develop its own delivery fleet to round out its already massive sales operation. Under the theoretical business model Amazon won’t need UPS, FedEx or the U.S. Postal Service to deliver the diverse set of goods consumers now receive at their doorstep. The idea is novel, and perhaps even doable for the Seattle-based company. But until then, and even when implemented, a fundamental truth remains: Amazon — like other corporate titans such as Boeing and Microsoft — will need an integrated shipping network to seamlessly move goods from production to warehouses before last-mile delivery. And for that to be feasible, another truth remains: Our nation’s most storied means of moving goods — freight railroads — will play an integral role, moving finished consumer goods between boats and trucks, as well as the variety of goods that help make the products we use daily without always remembering what occurred to create them. However, against the backdrop of structural market and traffic shifts — namely the steep decline of a coal sector that railroads invested to support (sometimes at the government’s behest) — this will only occur if policymakers forgo measures that induce uncertainty and threaten revenues required for investments to maintain and upgrade infrastructure and equipment. Freight rail is part of a network that together moves some 54 tons of good per American each year. This includes basic goods — food, consumer goods, automobiles — as well as critical resources — water treatment materials, agricultural fertilizer and home-powering energy resources. The movement of these goods profoundly impacts the economy and communities. Major U.S. rail carriers supported 1.5 million jobs, generated $33 billion in local, state and federal taxes and produced $274 billion in economic activity in 2014 alone. Sustaining this positive force depends on investment — railroads spent more than $30 billion alone in 2015 — which rests on economic freedom to earn necessary revenue. So it is especially troubling that members of an independent agency known as the Surface Transportation Board want to disregard Congressional intent and reregulate railroads through a series of questionable measures. Just last year, in a praiseworthy effort led by the Senate Commerce Committee — on which Sen. Maria Cantwell, D-Washington, serves — Congress plotted a path for the board. It expanded membership from three board members to five and allowed greater autonomy. It did not, however, direct the board to reregulate commodities such as iron and steel without any request to do so from these industries. Nor did Congress hope the board would consider capping rates of return that railroads can earn. But most importantly, reauthorization in no way advocated for “forced access,” a rule that would require railroads to open their lines to competitors. Under this framework, Railroad A gets access to Railroad B’s infrastructure and customer because the government forces Railroad B to do so — not because it is the optimal route. It is a radical approach that disregards property rights, ignores the time-consuming nature of railroad switches and forces carriers to provide access at below-market rates. It would create chaos as railroads deal with widespread orders to switch traffic and would lessen railroad efficiencies and it would reduce railroads’ abilities to invest in their networks. This, despite the clear correlation between partial deregulation in 1980, $600 billion in investments since, and historic improvements in safety, service and pricing. Federal reregulatory efforts occur amid a steep drop in coal production, permitting red tape and an uptick in bullish state and local governments. Just this year, in a measure that was ultimately withdrawn but may now re-emerge, the Spokane City Council proposed fining rail cars carrying crude oil or coal. The unprecedented move is a microcosm of what the larger business community faces: unfounded opposition. The collective result of these factors, particularly if the proposed regulations are enacted, is a slowed rail and logistics network and a lack of needed dollars for private infrastructure that helps the Washington and U.S. economies. Railroads are as safe, resourceful and reliable as ever in 2016 because they are treated the same as other private businesses. This should remain the case, as positive public impact rests on public policy pillars that allow for differential pricing, nimble operations and a respect for private property rights. The Senate Commerce Committee continues to recognize the need for a healthy and financially viable freight railroad sector. That is why the committee passed a balanced reauthorization that kept in place the economic framework that has worked so well over the years. Leadership is as paramount as ever today. Ian Jefferies is senior vice president of government affairs at the Association of American Railroads.   Most Read Most expensive home in county ‘takes your breath away’ It looks like something plucked out of a European countryside and dropped… Mar 22nd, 2017 by Jim Davis Sheriff peeved by federal shaming over immigration policy EVERETT — A new federal report calls out the Snohomish County Sheriff’s… Mar 22nd, 2017 by Jerry Cornfield Commissioners reprimanded for racially insensitive remarks EVERETT — Jokes about race, even those made in private, serve to… Mar 22nd, 2017 by Rikki King Man in Snohomish dies after police use Taser during arrest SNOHOMISH — A man died in police custody overnight after an electronic… Mar 22nd, 2017 by Herald Staff Program for developmentally disabled adults looks to expand MARYSVILLE — A group of adults with developmental disabilities, plus a handful… Mar 22nd, 2017 by Chris Winters © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Contact Social media
Home Contact News Tips Politics Crime Terrorism Video Entertainment Weather Search Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. Breaking911 Home Contact News Tips Politics Crime Terrorism Video Entertainment Weather Home International Army to get laser that can zap drones International U.S. Army to get laser that can zap drones March 19, 2017 0 167 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter tweet Photo Credit: Lockheed Martin Lockheed Martin said Thursday it has finished a 60-kilowatt laser system for the U.S. Army Space and Missile Defense Command and is preparing to hand it over to the Army for further testing. In initial tests, the company achieved 58 kilowatts of power but expects its laser to reach its full potential by the time of its delivery in the next few months. The laser is what the company calls a “combined fiber” laser beam, bringing together individual lasers to form a single, stronger beam. Lockheed has been testing it at an installation in Bothell, Wash., and plans to ship it to an Army installation in Huntsville, Ala., in the next few months. “We’re really at the dawn of an era of the utility of laser weapons,” said Robert Afzal, senior fellow for laser and sensor systems at Lockheed Martin. The Army’s specialized military vehicles “can now carry something which is small enough and powerful enough for what we believe will be militarily useful.” Multiple military agencies and defense companies have been working on laser weapon capabilities. In 2014, Boeing published a video of its 10-kilowatt laser destroying a mortar in flight. Proponents say lasers could be cheaper than traditional munitions systems because they don’t require expensive projectiles and they don’t need to be reloaded. That could make the system useful in taking down airborne adversaries, such as off-the-shelf drones. The idea of an off-the-shelf drone fleet commanded by a non-state entity presents new challenges for a global military establishment that has focused for centuries on war with other governments. For example, Gen. David Perkins said this week that a U.S. ally had taken down an adversary’s off-the-shelf quad-copter – which can be purchased online for a few hundred dollars – with a multimillion-dollar Patriot missile. Mark Gunzinger, a senior fellow at the Center for Strategic and Budgetary Assessments, said: “That’s $3 million to shoot down a three-or-four-hundred-dollar drone. . . . What if you could do that with a beam of light that costs a buck?” More powerful projectiles such as Hellfire missiles are also more likely to cause collateral damage, making them less practical in certain situations. Proponents say laser weaponry could be more precise and ultimately more effective against small airborne targets. Lasers “hit targets at the speed of light, they cost almost nothing per shot, and they have an almost unlimited number of times they can be used,” said Loren Thompson, chief operating officer of the nonprofit Lexington Institute, which receives funding from defense firms including Lockheed Martin and Boeing. “A medium-sized laser should be able to take out any number of drones in a very short period of time because they are so fragile.” The Navy has already deployed a ship-based laser that it says is ready for combat use, but the Army faces a unique set of challenges. To protect American soldiers from low-budget drone fleets, the Army would need a highly mobile laser that can sit on the back of a truck. The agency would have to find a way to carry enough battery power to fire continually without the truck overheating. Such a large power source isn’t a problem if it’s stationary on a ship or military installation, but moving it around the battlefield might be difficult. With the 60-kilowatt laser announced this morning, Lockheed says that it has reached that goal and that the weaponry is ready to be deployed. “In terms of the maturity of this technology to be field-able on an Army vehicle, this technology is ready for that,” Afzal said. The company said its initial testing showed the laser to be near physical limits for accuracy and reasonably energy-efficient, directing 43 percent of electricity used to power it directly into the laser itself, helping it deal with the mobility problem. The system is designed to be a low-weight solution that sits on a ground-based vehicle called a Heavy Expanded Mobility Tactical Truck (HEMTT), essentially a truck designed for carrying large artillery. The Army already has laser weapons it is testing, but Lockheed’s laser may have advantages in power and portability. The 60-killowatt laser has its origins in the Defense Department’s Robust electric laser initiative, which started in 2010 and ended when a 15-kilowatt laser was developed. The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, or DARPA, has its own initiative to create a turret-based laser that can fire downward from an aircraft. (c) 2017, The Washington Post · Aaron Gregg Facebook Comment SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleEast Baton Rouge Sheriff’s Deputy Fatally Shot Next articleWatch Airport Officer Prevent Man From Committing Suicide at LAX ---- Follow Us 177,139FansLike 183,048FollowersFollow 841SubscribersSubscribe Breaking ALERT: Man arrested trying to drive into crowd in Belgium’s Antwerp March 23, 2017 Jewish Israeli Teen Arrested For Making Hundreds Of Threats Against JCC’s... March 23, 2017 Child Pornographer Truck Driver Gets 30 Years After Sexually Exploiting Minors March 22, 2017 ISIS’s drones are threat, but Pentagon braces to face more-advanced ‘suicide’... March 22, 2017 Experts find what may be the earliest color film of the... March 22, 2017 Trending RAW VIDEO: 2 EMTs Run Over By Stolen Ambulance In NYC... March 16, 2017 Amber Alert Issued for 2 Indiana Kids In ‘Extreme Danger’ January 2, 2017 Police in Colorado search for mom who allegedly kidnapped 10-month-old March 8, 2017 AMBER ALERT: Missing Teen Last Seen In Ala. With Armed Former... March 15, 2017 Pornhub Is Plowing The Streets Of Boston And New Jersey For... March 14, 2017 Recommended ALERT: Man arrested trying to drive into crowd in Belgium’s Antwerp March 23, 2017 Jewish Israeli Teen Arrested For Making Hundreds Of Threats Against JCC’s... March 23, 2017 Child Pornographer Truck Driver Gets 30 Years After Sexually Exploiting Minors March 22, 2017 Buzz ALERT: Man arrested trying to drive into crowd in Belgium’s Antwerp March 23, 2017 Jewish Israeli Teen Arrested For Making Hundreds Of Threats Against JCC’s... March 23, 2017 ISIS’s drones are threat, but Pentagon braces to face more-advanced ‘suicide’... March 22, 2017 Popular Topics U.S.22419 Video1964 Crime1529 Tech1341 Terrorism1126 Politics989 International856 Weather747 © Copyright 2017 | Breaking911 All rights reserved
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Millions of records leaked from huge US corporate database Exclusive: The database contains more than 33 million records from government departments and large corporate clients which get sold onto marketers. By Zack Whittaker for Zero Day | March 15, 2017 -- 02:00 GMT (19:00 PDT) | Topic: Security NEW YORK -- Millions of records from a commercial corporate database have been leaked. The database, about 52GB in size, contains just under 33.7 million unique email addresses and other contact information from employees of thousands of companies, representing a large portion of the US corporate population. Dun & Bradstreet, a business services giant, confirmed that it owns the database, which it acquired as part of a 2015 deal to buy NetProspex for $125 million. More security news Windows 10: DoubleAgent zero-day hijacks Microsoft tool to turn antivirus into malware Android security report: Google aims to clean up "unwanted software" in 2017 Google: Hacked sites rose by a third in 2016 LastPass hit by password stealing and code execution vulnerabilities The purchased database contains dozens of fields, some including personal information such as names, job titles and functions, work email addresses, and phone numbers. Other information includes more generic corporate and publicly sourced data, such as believed office location, the number of employees in the business unit, and other descriptions of the kind of industry the company falls into, such as advertising, legal, media and broadcasting, and telecoms. This entire database is used for marketers who want to directly target their own email campaigns and through other communications methods for current and prospective customers. The data can be bought either in bulk or by type of record by companies, but it's not known exactly how much the going rate is for a full data set of this size. We understand from a 2015 brochure that the cost of accessing a half-million records can cost some firms up to $200,000. Troy Hunt, who runs breach notification site Have I Been Pwned, obtained the database and analyzed the records. In a blog post Tuesday, Hunt said the breakdown was entirely US-focused. California was the most represented demographic, with over four million records, followed by New York with 2.7 million records and Texas with 2.6 million records. Hunt's analysis of the records showed that the leading organization by records is the Department of Defense, with 101,013 employee records, followed closely by the US Postal Service with 88,153 employee records. The US Army, Air Force, and Department of Veterans Affairs are all listed with a combined 76,379 records. AT&T, Boeing, Dell, FedEx, IBM, and Xerox were among the most named companies in the database, with tens of thousands of employee records each. "Whilst you could piece together parts of the data from information already in the public domain, having it aggregated and so easily searchable in this fashion is enormously valuable," said Hunt in an email on Tuesday. "It also serves as a reminder that we've lost control of our privacy; the vast majority of people in the data set would have no idea their information is being sold in this fashion and they certainly don't have any control over it." Hunt ran the exposed database through Have I Been Pwned's database of breached records, which showed 14 percent of email addresses already existed in his database. The data is now searchable in Have I Been Pwned. But it's not known exactly how the data was exposed, or who is to blame for the leak. A spokesperson for Dun & Bradshaw would not talk on the record beyond an emailed statement, sent prior to publication. "We've carefully evaluated the information that was shared with us and it is of a type and in a format that we deliver to customers every day. Based on our analysis, it was not accessed or exposed through a Dun & Bradstreet system," the statement read. How to contact securely: Zack Whittaker can be reached securely on Signal and WhatsApp at 646-755–8849, and his PGP fingerprint for email is: 4D0E 92F2 E36A EC51 DAAE 5D97 CB8C 15FA EB6C EEA5. Read More The spokesperson said an internal investigation showed that while the data belongs to the company, its own systems were not breached or exposed. The company added that the data was approximately six months old and the bulk data had been sold to "thousands" of other firms. Dun & Bradstreet downplayed the risk to its customers and those it collects data on. The company said that the data contains "generally publicly available business contact data, used for sales and marketing purposes." That doesn't lessen the possibilities for abuse of this data, said Hunt. "When you have someone's first and last names, their job title and their email address along with the company they work for, you have [personal identifiable information]," he said in his blog post. "And that's really what makes this a highly volatile collection of data; this much personal information on this many people and set in the context of their professional roles poses numerous risks to the organizations involved here," he said. This kind of data can be used by marketers, but it can also be used by nefarious actors who target victims for malicious gain. In recent years, there have been a spate of phishing attacks designed to target financial officers and other senior corporate staff, in an effort to trick employees into turning over financial information to later con money from tax returns. This data would make it easy for cybercriminals to carry out those kinds of attacks, said Hunt in an email. "It's an absolute goldmine for phishing because here you have a huge amount of useful information from which to craft attacks," he said. "From this data, you can piece together organizational structures and tailor messaging to create an air of authenticity and that's something that's attractive to crooks and nation-state actors alike." It's not clear if the sale of this kind of data falls within data protection and privacy laws, though the company maintains it is compliant with US privacy laws. He added that the company sometimes inadvertently collects "much more highly sensitive and confidential personal data," which it doesn't provide or sell to customers and actively purges from its own records. The company wouldn't comment on how the leak will affect its business, with no clear indication of how many times the data may have been accessed, downloaded, or shared. But for ordinary corporate workers whose data has been sold thousands of time, Hunt said there's "zero" chance of claiming their data back. VIDEO: Revealed: New York airport's wave of security lapses ZDNET INVESTIGATIONS US government pushed tech firms to hand over source code At the US border, expect discrimination, detention, searches, and interrogation Leaked: TSA documents reveal New York airport's wave of security lapses Meet the shadowy tech brokers that deliver your data to the NSA Trump aides' use of encrypted messaging may violate records law An unsecured database leaves off-the-grid energy customers exposed Inside the global terror watchlist that secretly shadows millions Security flaws in Pentagon servers "likely" under attack by hackers Revealed: How one Amazon Kindle scam made millions of dollars US government subcontractor leaks confidential military personnel data Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Security Slack's CSO calls for industry-wide security transparency Security Android security report: Google aims to clean up 'unwanted software' in 2017 Security Windows 10: DoubleAgent zero-day hijacks Microsoft tool to turn antivirus into malware Security Google: Hacked sites rose by a third in 2016 × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Scroll down to content Posts Posted on 23 March 2017 Sanatana Closes Private Placement VANCOUVER, BRITISH COLUMBIA–(Marketwired – March 23, 2017) – THIS NEWS RELEASE IS NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION TO U.S. NEWSWIRE SERVICES FOR DISSEMINATION IN THE UNITED STATES Sanatana Resources Inc. („Sanatana” or the „Company„) (TSX VENTURE:STA) has, further to its news releases of February 17 and February 27, 2017, closed a non-brokered private placement of 10,870,000 flow-through units (the „FT Units„) at $0.05 per Unit for gross proceeds of $543,500 (the „Tranche 1 Closing„). Each FT Unit consists of one common share in the capital of the Company that is a „flow-through share” within the meaning of the Income Tax Act (Canada) and one share purchase warrant (a „Warrant„). Each Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one additional non-flow-through common share (a „Warrant Share„) at a price of $0.10 per Warrant Share on or before March 21, 2019, subject to acceleration on terms summarized in the Company’s news release dated February 27, 2017. The Company paid an eligible finder a commission equal to $5,800 (the „Finder’s Fee„). The Finder’s Fee was paid by issuing 116,000 non-flow-through common shares of the Company at a deemed price of $0.05 per non-flow-through common share. All securities issued in connection with the Tranche 1 Closing are subject to a statutory hold period expiring on July 22, 2017, in accordance with applicable securities legislation. The proceeds from the Tranche 1 Closing will be used for exploration on the Company’s Jackfish Property. For details on the Company’s Jackfish Property and the terms governing the option earn-in, see Sanatana’s news release dated February 7, 2017. The Company expects to close the private placement of non flow-through units as announced in the news release dated February 27, 2017 before the end of March 2017. About the Company Sanatana Resources Inc. is a mineral exploration and development company. With an experienced management team and board of directors, the Company has the ability required to identify, develop and fund economic mineral properties. Sanatana is based in Vancouver and is listed on the TSX Venture Exchange (TSX VENTURE:STA). SANATANA RESOURCES INC. Peter Miles, President and Chief Executive Officer Cautionary Statement Regarding „Forward-Looking” Information Some of the statements contained in this news release are forward-looking statements and information within the meaning of applicable securities laws. Forward-looking statements and information can be identified by the use of words such as „plans”, „expects”, „intends”, „is expected”, „potential”, „suggests” or variations of such words or phrases, or statements that certain actions, events or results „may”, „could”, „should”, „would”, „might” or „will” be taken, occur or be achieved. Forward-looking statements and information are not historical facts and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties beyond Sanatana’s control. Actual results and developments are likely to differ, and may differ materially, from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in this news release. Accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to update publicly or otherwise revise any forward-looking statements, except as may be required by law. Neither TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulations Services Provider (as that term is defined in policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release. Posted on 23 March 2017 Canada Rare Earth Enters into a Second Set of Hedged Purchase and Sale Agreements VANCOUVER, BRITISH COLUMBIA–(Marketwired – March 23, 2017) – Canada Rare Earth Corp. (TSX VENTURE:LL) („Canada Rare Earth” or the „Company”) is pleased to announce increasing momentum in its concentrate trading business. The Company has entered into the next set of hedged contracts to purchase and sell 310 metric tons of rare earth concentrate with locked in gross profits. This volume of concentrate is twelve times the amount currently in international waters and scheduled to arrive at our customer’s selected port in early April, 2017. Peter Shearing, Chief Operating Officer of Canada Rare Earth explained, „we are confident of the ongoing buying we have arranged and we are driving to secure immediate, dependable supply meeting the specified criteria (price, quantities and array of rare earths) in the order of 300 metric tons to 500 metric tons per month on an ongoing multi-year basis.” Canada Rare Earth is also developing sources to supply medium and longer-term needs such as providing feedstock to the Company’s prospective proprietary rare earth processing plants. These facilities are designed to produce and supply high quality and high purity rare earth products such as individual oxides, metals and custom products especially to the non-China market. Peter Shearing continued, „regarding the second set of contracts, 272 metric tons of concentrate are scheduled to leave the mine sites within seven days, be loaded on a vessel on April 7, 2017 and arrive at the ultimate buyer’s selected port in mid-May 2017. The balance of 38 metric tons is being completed and will be shipped near the end of April 2017 along with product for a third set of transactions we are negotiating with the same supplier.” Tracy A. Moore, Chief Executive Officer of Canada Rare Earth remarked, ” we are thrilled with the trading momentum we have established so far and are building on it to establish a robust and consistent supply to our customer. The current set of orders will generate over $500,000 of revenues with determined gross profits and cash flow for our Company.” On behalf of the Board Tracy A. Moore, CEO and Peter Shearing, COO ABOUT CANADA RARE EARTH CORP. Canada Rare Earth is developing an international integrated business within the global rare earth industry. Our key focus is to generate revenues and positive cash flow from a variety of profit centres in the rare earth production and sales chain by sourcing, adding value and selling rare earths in all stages and forms. We are in the process of establishing our own mining, concentrating and refinery capabilities in addition to working with affiliated and third party organizations. „Neither the TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.” The information contained herein contains „forward-looking statements” within the meaning of applicable securities legislation. Forward-looking statements relate to information that is based on assumptions of management, forecasts of future results, and estimates of amounts not yet determinable. Any statements that express predictions, expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, objectives, assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be „forward-looking statements.” Forward-looking statements are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ from those reflected in the forward-looking statements. Investors are cautioned against attributing undue certainty to forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are made as of the date hereof and the Company does not assume any obligation to update or revise them to reflect new events or circumstances. Actual events or results could differ materially from the Company’s expectations or projections.” For more information on the Company, interested parties should review the Company’s filings that are available at www.sedar.com. Posted on 23 March 2017 South American Gold Corp Appoints New EVP and CFO LAS VEGAS, NV–(Marketwired – Mar 23, 2017) – South American Gold Corp (OTC PINK: SAGD) is proud to announce the appointment of its new Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer. SAGD is appointing Joseph (Jody) Hanks to the Executive Vice-President & CFO positions. Mr. Hanks is an accomplished international professional with a legal background, graduating from Vanderbilt Law School. Mr. Hanks brings to the company a vast background in business which will help the company grow and achieve greater brand awareness. Please view Mr. Hanks’ LinkedIn page http://www.linkedin.com/in/josephbhanks. President & Coo, David Reeves, stated, „I am extremely excited that Jody has accepted these positions with our Company. Ever since the first time I met with him I have been searching for a chance to work with him. With his recent relocation to Nashville, TN, this was the perfect time to make an offer to him.” South American Gold Corp is a small cap, publicly traded company traded on the OTC Marketplace under the ticker symbol SAGD. The company had previously been focused on supplying goods and services to the cultivators (farmers) in the emerging cannabis market in the country of Uruguay. Under the new leadership the company has moved from tools and supplies to the cultivators in Uruguay, on to a whole new realm of the cannabis industry. The company’s primary focus is its social media network project „PotCircles” which is focused on the LIFESTYLE of the cannabis and its users. The Company has recently announced the formation of Arkansas Medical Cannabis, Inc., a subsidiary created for the purpose applying for a Medical Cultivation License in the State of Arkansas. General Public Contact: username@potcircles.com Media Contact: info@sagdcorp.co Disclaimer This release contains forward-looking statements that are based on beliefs of South American Gold Corp. management and reflect South American Gold Corp.’s current expectations as contemplated under section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. When we use in this release the words „estimate,” „project,” „looks,” „believe,” „anticipate,” „intend,” „expect,” „plan,” „predict,” „may,” „should,” „will,” „can,” the negative of these words, or such other variations thereon, or comparable terminology, are all intended to identify forward looking statements. Such statements reflect the current views of South America Gold Corp. with respect to future events based on currently available information and are subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to, risks and uncertainties pertaining to development of mining properties, changes in economic conditions and other risks, uncertainties and factors, which may cause the actual results, performance, or achievement expressed or implied by such forward looking statements to differ materially from the forward looking statements. The information contained in this press release is historical in nature, has not been updated, and is current only to the date shown in this press release. This information may no longer be accurate and therefore you should not rely on the information contained in this press release. To the extent permitted by law, South American Gold Corp. and its employees, agents and consultants exclude all liability for any loss or damage arising from the use of, or reliance on, any such information, whether or not caused by any negligent act or omission. This press release may incorporate by reference the Company’s reports and other filings. Investors are encouraged to review all filings. There is no assurance South American Gold Corp. will identify projects of merit or if it will have sufficient financing to implement its business plan. There is no assurance that the Company’s due diligence on the potential projects and/or acquisitions will be favorable nor that definitive terms can be negotiated. Investors should consult their financial advisor before making an investment in a company. Posted on 23 March 2017 NetworkNewsWire Announces Publication of Editorial on Advantages, Challenges of Big Data in Health Care NEW YORK, NY–(Marketwired – Mar 23, 2017) –  NetworkNewsWire („NNW”), a multifaceted financial news and publishing company, today announces the publication of an editorial featuring ORHub, Inc. (OTC: ORHB), an NNW client providing its cloud-based health care software-as-a-service (SaaS) to decrease costs and improve outcomes in surgical care. The publication, entitled, „Big Data Poses Big Headaches as Health Care Industry Adopts HIT Systems,” provides an overview of the challenges often created by big data, and how several technology-based companies are addressing these issues.  To view the full article visit: https://www.networknewswire.com/big-data-poses-big-headaches-health-care-industry-adopts-hit-systems/ „This data collation and integration remains a goal of HIT systems such as the one offered by ORHub (ORHB). The ORHub Software is a cloud-based proprietary platform aiding the transformation of surgery from a traditional approach to a value-based model. Known as Surgical Resource Management, this software was specifically designed for surgery management, providing significantly enhanced capabilities compared to more traditional EHR solutions. The platform facilitates care providers at every stage of the surgical process to collaborate, organize, deliver, measure and reimburse in one intuitive, easy-to-use program. This significantly decreases cost and improves outcomes by eliminating inefficiencies and duplication of effort, as well as errors and omissions that result from siloed processes in outdated software and poor handoffs from one part of the care process to another.” About ORHub, Inc. ORHub is a cloud-based software platform focused on delivering value-based medicine in surgical care. The company enables all parties involved in surgical care to work together to organize, deliver, measure and reimburse in a single uniform process. This allows for significant decreases in cost and improvement in outcomes by eliminating inefficiencies, duplication of effort, and errors and omissions that result from siloed processes in software and poor handoffs from one part of the care process to another. The need for ORHub is clear. Health care comprises more than 17% of US GDP at over $3 trillion per year. With costs rising every year due to an aging population and more expensive treatments, providers are under severe pressure to become more efficient and reduce costs from payers who are aggressively reducing reimbursements and finally moving away from fee-for-service and toward performance-based reimbursement. ORHub enables providers to thrive in this new environment by addressing the single largest segment of health care, which is surgical care. ORHub replaces numerous legacy systems with a 360 degree system that is focused on tracking cost from diagnosis to discharge centered on treating a patient for a specific condition. ORHub has offices at Phoenix, Arizona; Newport Beach, California; and Bellevue, Washington. For more information, visit www.orhub.com About NetworkNewsWire NetworkNewsWire (NNW) provides news aggregation and syndication, enhanced press release services and a full array of social communication solutions. As a multifaceted financial news and distribution company with an extensive team of journalists and contributing writers, NNW is uniquely positioned to best serve private and public companies who need to reach a wide audience of investors, consumers, journalists and the general public. NNW has an ever-growing distribution network of more than 5,000 key syndication outlets across the country. By cutting through the overload of information in today’s market, NNW brings its clients unparalleled visibility, recognition and brand awareness. NNW is where news, content and information converge. For more information, visit https://www.NetworkNewsWire.com Please see full disclaimers on the NetworkNewsWire website applicable to all content provided by NNW, wherever published or re-published: http://nnw.fm/Disclaimer Forward-Looking Statements This release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain as they are based on current expectations and assumptions concerning future events or future performance of the company. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which are only predictions and speak only as of the date hereof. In evaluating such statements, prospective investors should review carefully various risks and uncertainties identified in this release and matters set in the company’s SEC filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause the company’s actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Posted on 23 March 2017 NetworkNewsWire Announces Publication of Discussion on the Diverse Operations of Leading Marijuana Companies NEW YORK, NY–(Marketwired – Mar 23, 2017) –  NetworkNewsWire („NNW”), a multifaceted financial news and publishing company, today announces the publication of an editorial featuring SinglePoint, Inc. (OTC: SING), an NNW client focused on diversifying its acquisition portfolio of small to mid-sized companies. The publication, entitled, „Mixed Marijuana Messages from Trump Administration Make Diversification Imperative,” looks at some of the marijuana-related messages coming out of the White House, and provides insight into the varying operations of several companies operating in the booming industry. To view the full publication visit: https://www.networknewswire.com/mixed-marijuana-messages-trump-administration-make-diversification-imperative/ „Particular defensive tactics vary, but most fall under a broad strategy of diversification and operations that involve servicing the broader industry by means of providing accessories, technological solutions, financial services and real estate, among others. „Case-in-point is SinglePoint (SING), a company that specializes in the acquisition of small- to mid-sized companies. Through its wholly owned SingleSeed.com subsidiary, which several years ago geared up to offer payment-processing services to marijuana dispensaries, SinglePoint continues to explore ways to provide financial services to marijuana establishments. „The provision of payment services is part of SinglePoint’s ‚no-touch’ strategy, an approach best demonstrated by its acquisition of a portion of Jacksam Corp., dba Convectium, a profitable California-based provider of equipment, branding, and packaging solutions for the cannabis industry.” About SinglePoint, Inc. SinglePoint, Inc. (SING) has grown from a full-service mobile technology provider to a publicly traded holding company. Through diversification into horizontal markets, SinglePoint is building its portfolio by acquiring an interest in undervalued subsidiaries, thereby providing a rich, diversified holding base. Through its subsidiary company SingleSeed the company is providing products and services to the cannabis industry. Connect on social media at: www.facebook.com/SinglePointMobile, www.twitter.com/_SinglePoint_, www.linkedin.com/company/SinglePoint and www.youtube.com/user/SinglePointMobile For more information visit www.SinglePoint.com or www.SingleSeed.com About NetworkNewsWire NetworkNewsWire (NNW) provides news aggregation and syndication, enhanced press release services and a full array of social communication solutions. As a multifaceted financial news and distribution company with an extensive team of journalists and contributing writers, NNW is uniquely positioned to best serve private and public companies who need to reach a wide audience of investors, consumers, journalists and the general public. NNW has an ever-growing distribution network of more than 5,000 key syndication outlets across the country. By cutting through the overload of information in today’s market, NNW brings its clients unparalleled visibility, recognition and brand awareness. NNW is where news, content and information converge. For more information, visit https://www.NetworkNewsWire.com Please see full disclaimers on the NetworkNewsWire website applicable to all content provided by NNW, wherever published or re-published: http://nnw.fm/Disclaimer Forward-Looking Statements This release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain as they are based on current expectations and assumptions concerning future events or future performance of the company. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which are only predictions and speak only as of the date hereof. In evaluating such statements, prospective investors should review carefully various risks and uncertainties identified in this release and matters set in the company’s SEC filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause the company’s actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Posted on 23 March 2017 Orion Acquires Vernalis, Strengthening Services & Solutions and Adding Sports & Entertainment to Growing Suite of Verticals Orion expands global footprint and further solidifies presence in the emerging technologies space MONMOUTH JUNCTION, N.J., March 23, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Orion (www.orioninc.com), a global IT business solutions firm, today announced the acquisitions of New York-based Vernalis Group, Inc. and India-based Vernalis Systems Private Limited (together, "Vernalis"). With this acquisition, Orion further solidifies its presence in the Professional Services industry vertical, and adds a new industry vertical of Global Sports & Entertainment. Vernalis provides custom software and technology solutions to a variety of enterprise clients in the financial services and professional athletics industries.  With consultants located in the United States, India and Australia, the company provides unparalleled expertise in using emerging technologies to simplify and automate complex business processes for its customers.  Over the years, Vernalis has established several key, stable and long-standing relationships with marquee customer accounts, therefore adding to Orion's already impressive list of strong customer partnerships. Orion focuses on delivering solutions across data, analytics, enterprise collaboration, risk and compliance, knowledge management and cloud; enabling its customers to drive their journey "from data to decision making".  The company has established itself as a strategic partner to numerous Fortune 1,000 and large enterprise clients in the financial services, telecom, healthcare, consumer products, education, and government industries.  Through its U.S. base and offshore development centers in India, Orion services a broad range of client engagements and delivers cutting edge and cost-effective solutions to clients.  Orion is an investment of Washington, DC-based private equity firm Potomac Equity Partners. "We are excited about the acquisition of Vernalis and the opportunities of our combined company," said Raj Patil, Chief Executive Officer of Orion. "Rarely do two firms bring such a similar customer engagement model to bear; and the resulting close partnerships that Vernalis has developed with its marquee customers will be a valuable addition to Orion's existing list of customer partners." He added: "The combination of Vernalis and Orion will enable both companies to become even more adept at providing its customers with world-class, innovative, scalable, high-performance, and value-added technology solutions." "Orion represents the ideal acquirer for Vernalis.  With its similar focus on developing meaningful partnership-oriented relationships with its customers via its efficient use of a global footprint like Vernalis, the two companies are naturally suited to work together," said Bala Chandra, Founder and CEO of Vernalis.  He added: "Many thanks to the firm of Sett & Lucas, the exclusive sell side advisors for the transaction." "Vernalis and our customers are looking forward to the expanded scale and capabilities that the combination with Orion will provide, as this transaction represents a true win for Orion, Vernalis and our collective customer base," said Nate Hanafy, Managing Director, New York of Vernalis. About Orion Founded in 1993 and headquartered in New Jersey, Orion is a global provider of IT solutions and services to the Fortune 1,000 and large enterprise clients. The Company serves as a strategic IT partner for leading financial services, healthcare, communications, consumer products, education, and government organizations. Orion delivers solutions across data, analytics, enterprise collaboration, risk & compliance, knowledge management and The Cloud.  Orion's ability to service a broad range of clients using its blended engagement models has resulted in delivering cutting edge and cost effective solutions to its clients, and the company has experienced revenue growth in 23 of the 24 years since its founding. For more information, visit www.orioninc.com About Vernalis Founded in 1999, Vernalis provides custom software and technology solutions to a variety of enterprise clients in the financial services and professional athletics industries. With nearly 400 consultants located in the United States, India and Australia, the company provides unparalleled expertise in using emerging technologies to simplify and automate complex business processes for its customers.  For more information, visit http://www.vernal.is/ About Potomac Equity Partners Potomac Equity Partners is a Washington, D.C.-based private equity investment firm focused on providing superior equity returns through the close partnership and collaboration with its portfolio company management team members. The firm strives to invest in companies with leading products and services, superior management teams, and in which its invested capital and collaborative efforts can enable companies to exponentially ramp their long-term growth prospects and overall performance. The principals of Potomac Equity Partners have a long and successful history of investing with management teams across a wide range of industries including software and technology, education and training, healthcare, and information services.  For more information, visit www.potomacequitypartners.com. Contact: Judith Murray: 877.456.9922   SOURCE Orion Posted on 23 March 2017 FinancialBuzz.com: The Growth of the Sample Preparation Market FinancialBuzz.com News Commentary NEW YORK, March 23, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- A research report by Mordor Intelligence indicates that the global sample preparation market is expected to reach USD 7.2 billion by the end of 2021 and growing at a CAGR of 7.1%. Sample preparation is a procedure in which a sample is preserved prior to its analysis. Preparation is a crucial step in most analytical procedures since the methods are often allowing repeated testing. The report explains that the sample preparation is one of the most shared procedures in the lab. In many life science labs, it can devour most of the lab's capacity, and often encompasses a number of physical error-prone steps. Pressure BioSciences, Inc. (OTC: PBIO), Danaher Corporation (NYSE: DHR), Hologic, Inc. (NASDAQ: HOLX), Koninklijke Philips NV (NYSE: PHG), Illumina, Inc. (NASDAQ: ILMN) The sample preparation market is segment of the medical devices market. Grace Market Data projects that the global medical devices (MD) market will see a steady growth over the coming years with the sales revenue and international trade value reaching $543.9 billion and $289.2 billion respectively by 2020, which is driven by the aging population, increasing healthcare expenditure and technology advancement. Medical devices are the equipment, instruments used in medical industries by professional surgeons, medical assistants and doctors for healthcare of patients. Companies in this industry manufacture medical devices, surgical equipment and appliances. Pressure BioSciences, Inc. (OTCQB: PBIO) develops, markets, and sells proprietary laboratory instrumentation and associated consumables to the life sciences sample preparation market. The products are based on the unique properties of both constant (i.e., static) and alternating (i.e., pressure cycling technology, or PCT) hydrostatic pressure. PCT is a patented enabling technology platform that uses alternating cycles of hydrostatic pressure between ambient and ultra-high levels to safely and reproducibly control bio-molecular interactions. To date, we have installed over 250 PCT systems in approximately 160 sites worldwide. Just yesterday Pressure BioSciences announced financial results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year ended December 31, 2016. The company stated, "55% Growth in Q4 2016 Products & Services Revenue, Including 70% Increase in Sale of Consumable Supplies, Helps Company Achieve 27% Growth in Products & Services Revenue for Fiscal Year 2016. New Product Releases and Expansion of Sales & Marketing Capabilities Expected to Augment Revenue in FY2017." Richard T. Schumacher, President and CEO of PBI, commented: "Our accomplishments over the past year have set the stage for what we believe will be a very successful 2017. These accomplishments have let us enter the new year with a stronger balance sheet; a broader product offering; an award-winning, next generation instrument; important additions to our hard-working and talented staff; a larger customer base; and an expanded and enhanced sales and marketing capability." Mr. Schumacher continued: "Our near-term goals are clear, focused, and attainable in 2017. We believe their achievement will subsequently position PBI to be a stronger, more valuable company. These goals include: (i) an up-list to the NASDAQ stock market in Q2 2017, (ii) measureable progress in completing and implementing a sound roadmap toward financial self-sufficiency and future growth and prosperity, (iii) continuation of the current expansion of our sales and marketing capabilities, and our reach into new countries, investigators, and fields-of-use; and (iv) a focus on sales, sales, and sales." Danaher Corporation (NYSE: DHR) designs, manufactures and markets professional, medical, industrial and commercial products and services. With more than 20 operating companies, Danaher's globally diverse team of over 62,000 associates is united by a common culture and operating system, the Danaher Business System. Pressure BioSciences, previously announced an exclusive co-marketing agreement with SCIEX, a company focuses on science analytical technologies, and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Danaher Corporation. Under the agreement, the companies will jointly promote Pressure BioSciences' PCT-based sample preparation systems and SCIEX's mass spectrometry equipment, with a focus on improved sample preparation. Hologic, Inc. (NASDAQ: HOLX) is a developer, manufacturer and supplier of diagnostics products, medical imaging systems and surgical products with an emphasis on women's health. The Company operates through four segments: Diagnostics, Breast Health, GYN Surgical and Skeletal Health. The diagnostics products include Aptima family of assays, ThinPrep system, the Rapid Fetal Fibronectin Test and Procleix blood screening assays. The company recently announced that it has completed the acquisition of Cynosure, Inc., a leader in medical aesthetics systems and technologies. Koninklijke Philips NV (NYSE: PHG) is a health technology company. The Company's segments include Personal Health businesses, Diagnosis & Treatment businesses, Connected Care & Health Informatics businesses, and Lighting. The Company's Personal Health businesses segment is engaged in the health continuum, delivering integrated, connected solutions that support healthier lifestyles and those living with chronic disease. Recently Philips that the results from two large clinical trials comparing patient outcomes using instant wave-free ratio (iFR) and fractional flow reserve (FFR) in the diagnosis and treatment of heart disease have been published in the New England Journal of Medicine. First released in 2013, iFR is an innovative pressure-derived index unique to Philips, a global leader in image-guided therapy solutions, allowing hyperemia-free physiological assessment of coronary blockages. Illumina, Inc. (NASDAQ: ILMN) is a provider of sequencing- and array-based solutions for genetic analysis. The Company operates through two segments: Core Illumina and the consolidated variable interest entities (VIEs), which include the activities of GRAIL, Inc. (GRAIL) and Helix Holdings I, LLC (Helix). On March 21st it was announced that Kailos Genetics, a personalized medicine company offering a leading-edge suite of tools for next-generation sequencing (NGS)-based assays, today announced it has entered into a co-marketing agreement with Illumina, Inc. Under the terms of the agreement, Illumina will market and promote the Kailos TargetRich™ line of research solutions for pharmacogenetics targets through its commercial channels. Please Sign Up Now at http://www.FinancialBuzz.com To Receive Alerts on Trending Financial News from all these companies. "The Latest Buzz in Financial News" Subscribe Now! Watch us report from NYSE https://www.youtube.com/FinancialBuzzMedia Follow us on Twitter for real time Financial News Updates: https://twitter.com/financialbuzz Follow and talk to us on Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/financialbuzz Facebook Like Us to receive live feeds: https://www.facebook.com/Financialbuzz/ About FinancialBuzz.com     FinancialBuzz.com, a leading financial news informational web portal designed to provide the latest trends in Market News, Investing News, Personal Finance, Politics, Entertainment, in-depth broadcasts on Stock News, Market Analysis and Company Interviews. A pioneer in the financially driven digital space, video production and integration of social media, FinancialBuzz.com creates 100% unique original content. FinancialBuzz.com also provides financial news PR branding, marketing and advertising for third parties for disseminating news and original content through our unique media platform that includes Newswire Delivery, Digital Advertising, Social Media Relations, Video Production, Broadcasting, and Financial Publications. Please Note: FinancialBuzz.com is not a financial advisory or advisor, investment advisor or broker-dealer and do not undertake any activities that would require such registration. The information provided on http://www.FinancialBuzz.com (the "Site") is either original financial news or paid advertisements provided [exclusively] by our affiliates (sponsored content), FinancialBuzz.com, a financial news media and marketing firm enters into service agreements with the companies which are the subject to the articles posted on the Site or other editorials for advertising such companies. We are not an independent news media provider and therefore do not represent or warrant that the information posted on the Site is accurate, unbiased or complete. FinancialBuzz.com receives fees for producing and presenting high quality and sophisticated content on FinancialBuzz.com along with other financial news PR media services. FinancialBuzz.com does not offer any personal opinions as we purely incorporate public market research along with financial and corporate news. FinancialBuzz.com only aggregates or regurgitates financial or corporate news through our unique financial newswire and media platform. For this release, FinancialBuzz.com has been compensated a total of ten thousand dollars for financial news dissemination and pr services by pressure biosciences, inc. Our fees may be either a flat cash sum or negotiated number of securities of the companies featured on this site, or a combination thereof. The securities are commonly paid in segments, of which a portion is received upon engagement and the balance is paid on or near the conclusion of the engagement. FinancialBuzz.com will always disclose any compensation in securities or cash payments for financial news PR advertising. FinancialBuzz.com does not undertake to update any of the information on the Site or continue to post information about any companies the information contained herein is not intended to be used as the basis for investment decisions and should not be considered as investment advice or a recommendation. The information contained herein is not an offer or solicitation to buy, hold or sell any security. FinancialBuzz.com, members and affiliates are not responsible for any gains or losses that result from the opinions expressed on the Site, company profiles, quotations or in other materials or presentations that it publishes electronically or in print. Investors accept full responsibility for any and all of their investment decisions based on their own independent research and evaluation of their own investment goals, risk tolerance, and financial condition. FinancialBuzz.com. By accessing this website and any pages thereof, you agree to be bound by the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, as may be amended from time to time. None of the content issued by FinancialBuzz.com constitutes a recommendation for any investor to purchase, hold or sell any particular security, pursue a particular investment strategy or that any security is suitable for any investor. This publication is provided by FinancialBuzz.com. Each investor is solely responsible for determining whether a particular security or investment strategy is suitable based on their objectives, other securities holdings, financial situation needs, and tax status. You agree to consult with your investment advisor, tax and legal consultant before making any investment decisions. We make no representations as to the completeness, accuracy or timeless of the material provided. All materials are subject to change without notice. Information is obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but its accuracy and completeness are not guaranteed. For our full disclaimer, disclosure and Terms of Use. Please visit: http://www.financialbuzz.com For further information: Media Contact: info@financialbuzz.com +1-877-601-1879 Posted on 23 March 2017 EMA accepterer Lundbecks og Otsukas ansøgning om brexpiprazol til behandling af voksne patienter med skizofreni Valby, 2017-03-23 14:00 CET (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — H. Lundbeck A/S (Lundbeck) og Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (Otsuka) meddeler i dag, at Det Europæiske Lægemiddelagentur (EMA) har accepteret en registreringsansøgning (MAA) for brexpiprazol til behandling af skizofreni i voksne. Posted on 23 March 2017 Lundbeck and Otsuka’s brexpiprazole for adult patients with schizophrenia accepted for review by EMA Valby, 2017-03-23 14:00 CET (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — H. Lundbeck A/S (Lundbeck) and Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (Otsuka) today announce that the European Medicines Agency (EMA) has accepted for review a Marketing Authorisation Application for brexpiprazole to treat schizophrenia in adults. Posted on 23 March 2017 Indkaldelse til ordinær generalforsamling Investeringsforeningen Gudme Raaschou indkalder til foreningens ordinære generalforsamling, der afholdes onsdag, den 19. april 2017, kl. 14.30. Indkaldelsen med sted og dagsorden samt bilag er vedhæftet. Posts navigation Page 1 Page 2 … Page 40,173 Next page Search Recent Posts Sanatana Closes Private Placement Canada Rare Earth Enters into a Second Set of Hedged Purchase and Sale Agreements South American Gold Corp Appoints New EVP and CFO NetworkNewsWire Announces Publication of Editorial on Advantages, Challenges of Big Data in Health Care NetworkNewsWire Announces Publication of Discussion on the Diverse Operations of Leading Marijuana Companies Business Contacts A Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 March 2017 by Military News Ariane 5 • Intelsat-33E & Intelsat-36 The article from SpaceFlights.NEWS Double payload from Intelsat during Arianespace VA232 mission. Arianespace possessed contract for delivering to orbit pair of broadcasting satellites from Intelsat. European Company will utilize during this mission Ariane 5 ECA launch vehicle. Intelsat-33e is manufactured by Boeing on BSS-702MP bus C and Ku band broadcasting satellite with weight around 6000 kg and operational life at 15 years. It will be placed on 60° East orbital slot. Intelsat-36 was contracted to Space Systems/Loral and manufactured on SSL-1300 bus. Satellite weighs 3400 kg and is also designed for 15 years mission. It has R-4D-11 engine as main propulsion, two deployable solar arrays and will be placed on 68.5° East orbital slot to extend Intelsat range of video services in South Asia with C and Ku band transponders. Both satellites will be delivered to GEO orbit by Ariane-5 ECA with cryogenic upper stage with 67 kN HM7B engine fueled with LH2/LOX. Rocket which weighs 780 t with length of 50.5 m and diameter at 5.4 m is able to deliver to GTO 10 t of payload, Read more at Ariane 5 • Intelsat-33E & Intelsat-36 CategoriesUncategorized TagsCompanies, company, Google News, rocket, satellite, satellites, satPRnews, Space, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious PSLV • Resourcesat-2A Next PostNext Long March 7 • Experimental scaled model Search Recent Posts World Meteorological Day celebrates importance of clouds for weather, climate and water IIROC Trade Resumption / L’OCRCVM permet la reprise de la negociation – IMM Atossa Genetics Opens Enrollment in Study of Endoxifen How the U.S. Keeps Herbal Dietary Supplements Safe Patriot One Announces Evaluation and Purchase Agreement with Iconic Las Vegas Property Business Contacts A Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Lifestyle People Channeling the power of arts into education . Charlie Neuman / San Diego Union-Tribune/Zuma Pre Merryl Goldberg, music professor at Cal State San Marcos and founder and executive director of Center ARTES. Merryl Goldberg, music professor at Cal State San Marcos and founder and executive director of Center ARTES. (Charlie Neuman / San Diego Union-Tribune/Zuma Pre) Lisa DeaderickContact Reporter The arts have long been an important part of Merryl Goldberg’s life, from the time she was a little girl, playing around on the bongos before she could walk to more recently teaching music and overseeing an organization that focuses on arts education and integrating the arts into primary and secondary schools. “I founded Center ARTES in 2003 to bridge the power of the arts with research in education,” she says. “Over the years, we have partnered with the San Diego County Office of Education, reached nearly every school district, and have facilitated programs with arts non-profits to provide professional development with classroom teachers.” As founder and executive director of Center ARTES at California State University, San Marcos — where she’s also been a music professor for the past 24 years — Goldberg and her team come up with ways to support students and teachers through the arts, bolstered by research. They write grants, partner with schools and organizations, and conduct research. She’s even written a book on the subject, “Arts Integration: Teaching Subject Matter Through the Arts in Multicultural Settings.” Goldberg, 58, lives in Carlsbad with her daughter, who’s a high school senior. She took some time to talk about her book, the research behind integrating arts with traditional education, her organization’s literacy initiative, and her mean left hook. Q: Why did you found Center ARTES? A: I’ve never met a kid who wasn’t capable; I have met a lot of kids who haven’t had opportunities. I was one of those kids for whom the arts opened a world of possibility. It enabled me to find solace when I was bullied in the fourth grade, and it literally brought me around the world after college as a professional musician on tour. The arts motivate students in the most wonderful ways. Like any language, the arts provide bridges and mirrors: bridges to the world and experiences, and a mirror to reflect on oneself. When arts are integrated into the classroom, I often hear teachers say, “I never knew this child could do so well; my shy students are coming out of their shells, my English language learners are participating!” Q: What led you to write your book on arts integration? A: For me, it’s about opportunity. Too many kids do not even have access to arts in their education, which puts them at a disadvantage in terms of a career path. For example, CEOs at companies (that include) Boeing and ViaSat specifically seek to hire individuals with arts backgrounds. The work in high-tech requires individuals who are engaged creative thinkers, can think outside the box, and work in cooperative teams. Twentieth century careers rely on the skills of cooperation, flexibility and empathy. Simply put, arts teach all those skills. Learning through the arts is a far cry from rote learning, which in the end doesn’t amount to much in the real world. Q: Overall, what would you say your book tells people about how to integrate arts in these settings? A: The book is a how-to on using the arts throughout the curriculum. For example, how to use a painting to study math, how writing a song can teach you about history, or how drawing from nature can be an effective science lesson. The book is really pragmatic in that it has chapters on how to teach reading, math, science, and social studies through art, music, dance, theater and media arts. What I love about Carlsbad … My neighborhood sits behind the Agua Hedionda lagoon — it is gorgeous. The entire neighborhood is awash in enjoyment over our slice of nature. Many of us have fire pits and we sit together enjoying a glass of wine while watching the nightly “crow show.” Thousands upon thousands of crows nest every night in the Agua Hedionda lagoon. It’s quite a show. Q: What can you tell us about this initiative to improve literacy through the arts? A: “ART=OPPORTUNITY” is a team effort involving leaders in arts, education and business. It is a research-based initiative that provides leadership training, literacy residencies, summits, workshops and anchor events for educators, parents, youth and teens and arts providers. To further our goals we’re creating hands-on materials. We’ve created baseball cards with the research-based messaging points to be used in teacher education settings, professional development, parent education and even in classrooms. … Our goals are to change public opinion from arts as fluff, to arts are essential, and then get schools to provide students with real opportunities to learn in, and through, the arts. To excel in education, attain better jobs and develop empathetic citizens; research shows arts can have a significant role in each of these. Q: What programs do you have planned for this year as part of this initiative? A: We just concluded a literacy residency with award-winning children’s book authors Sara Pennypacker and Jon Klassen. Our next event features the PASACAT Philippine Music and Dance ensemble in a workshop for teachers at the California Center for the Arts, Escondido on May 2. Next fall, we are planning two big summits, one for arts teachers and teaching artists, and a teen summit. We’ve also partnered with business executives to provide mentoring for district visual and performing arts coordinators. We will be also collecting stories from all segments of our community on how the arts have provided opportunities for success. Eventually, we’ll have an online platform for the stories and a museum exhibit. Q: How can literacy be improved through the arts? A: First off, I’d like to debunk the notion that literacy is separate from the arts. The arts are, in and of themselves, literacy. Have you read a picture book to your child lately? You’re literally reading pictures. As part of our recent literacy residency, author/illustrator and Caldecott Award-winner Jon Klassen engaged families at The New Children’s Museum in “reading” pictures. Dance, theater and music are also universal languages through which we express and interpret our understandings of the world, our emotions, and document our cultures. Q: You teach music and you also play in a Klezmer band? A: I was on the road for 13 years performing with the Klezmer Conservatory Band out of Boston. Klezmer is eastern European Yiddish music — think the wedding scene from “Fiddler on Roof,” tap your toes, and you’re there. I play the saxophone. Though I don’t tour any more, I play my saxophone for nearly every keynote talk I do. It’s an attention-getter and gives me an opportunity to engage audiences in an art experience firsthand. The band toured all throughout the U.S., Canada, Europe (including Poland), Australia and New Zealand. I also performed in the USSR (the former Soviet Union) in 1985, though our tour was cut short. In a wonderful twist of the universe, I’m slated to visit St. Petersburg, Russia, in April to deliver a keynote to a joint audience of musicians and scientists. I’m bringing my sax with me. Q: What was the first instrument you learned to play? A: Ha! When I was in second grade, I saw a picture of the saxophone in my music book. I knew I had to play it, but when I was in the fourth grade and we could choose an instrument, my parents wouldn’t let me play the saxophone. They said it was a “boy’s” instrument. So, I took guitar lessons. However, I snuck saxophone lessons, and look, it paid off. By high school my parents relented. Q: What’s been challenging about your work in arts education? A: A challenge for me is working with my students to catch up on all the arts education they’ve missed out on in their K-12 education. When I ask my student teachers to make a collage about the arts in their lives, the three most popular arts are: fashion, tattoos and cars. It saddens me that most of my college students have never had the opportunity to be on a stage, hold a paintbrush in their hand, or play an instrument. I can’t even begin to think about what talent has gone untapped. Q: What’s been rewarding about it? A: Being around people, especially young people who are imaginative, creative, innovative, is an amazing privilege. I also revel in being part of changing the landscape of education so that all kids (especially kids who have not had opportunities) have a chance to have arts too. Q: What has doing this work taught you about yourself? A: I think I’m pretty darn resilient, persistent, hopeful, and definitely dedicated to seeking out possibility; at the same time, I hope I’m kind. Q: What is the best advice you’ve ever received? A: These seven words: “I’ll have to get back to you.” Q: What is one thing people would be surprised to find out about you? A: I’m an avid boxer. I’ve been boxing for years and I have a wicked left hook. Seriously. Q: Describe your ideal San Diego weekend. A: I always start out my weekend with a boxing workout at the UFC gym in Carlsbad, then a walk at the beach or on the Oceanside pier, and happy hour at Vigilucci’s market in Carlsbad Village with friends. Sunday morning is reserved for hanging in my backyard reading the New York Times, a nature walk at the lagoon off of Manchester, where fish fly out of the water, capped off with a theater performance at one of San Diego’s fabulous theaters. Three must-see headlines  <h1>'Die-in' at Issa's office protests changes to health care</h1> <h1>San Diego may change sidewalk policy in wake of $5M injury settlement</h1> <h1>At the bottom of the world: Boy, 8, sets a record</h1>     'Die-in' at Issa's office protests changes to health care San Diego may change sidewalk policy in wake of $5M injury settlement At the bottom of the world: Boy, 8, sets a record   See more videos Email: lisa.deaderick@sduniontribune.com Twitter: @lisadeaderick Copyright © 2017, The San Diego Union-Tribune Educators Art Arts and Culture Carlsbad Latest Most Popular Today's Paper Sports Jobs Homes Cars Contact Us 58°
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Learn more msn back to msn home news Web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines UK News World Report Weird News Video Photos My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel News Sections UK News World Report EU Referendum US News Weird News Photos Videos AdChoices Advanced US Military Communications Satellite Launches Into Orbit Space.com Irene Klotz Space.com Contributor 4 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Love-cheat golf legend sues wife for £5m in divorce battle Islamic State claims it was behind Westminster terror attack © United Launch Alliance A United Launch Alliance Delta IV rocket carrying the Wideband Global SATCOM 9 communications satellite for the U.S. military lifts off from Space Launch Complex-37 of Florida's Cape Canaveral Air Force Station at 8:18 pm ET on March 18, 2017. CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. — A Delta IV rocket blasted off Saturday night (March 18) to deliver a $445 million U.S. military communications satellite into orbit, the ninth member of a planned network of 10 satellites. Built and flown by United Launch Alliance, the 22-story tall booster lifted off from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station here at 8:18 p.m. EDT (0018 March 19 GMT), soaring out over the Atlantic Ocean after a 34-minute delay to resolve an issue with ground support equipment. United Launch Alliance is a partnership of Lockheed Martin Corp and Boeing Co. Perched on top of the rocket was the U.S. Air Force's ninth Wideband Global SATCOM (WGS) satellite, built by Boeing. Once in position more than 22,000 miles (35,400 km) above the equator, the satellite, known as WGS-9, will join a constellation that provides the military's highest capacity communications service. The WGS network is used to relay television broadcasts, video conferences, images and other high-bandwidth data to and from ships, aircraft, ground forces, operations centers, the U.S. Department of State, the White House and select partners worldwide. The spacecraft support both X-band and Ka-band communications, which are parts of the electromagnetic spectrum used for data transmission. The satellites can seamlessly cross the bands to accommodate voice, data, video and other types of communications over a broad range of ground-based and mobile terminals.  "WGS provides anytime, anywhere communications for soldiers, sailors, airmen, Marines and international partnership through broadcast, multicast and point-to-point connections," said Robert Tarleton, director of the Military Satellite Communications Systems Directorate at Air Force Space Command in Los Angeles. © Provided by Space.com In exchange for part-time use of the WGS network, Canada, Denmark, Luxembourg, the Netherlands and New Zealand picked up the $442 million bill to manufacture WGS-9. The United States has a similar partnership with Australia, which paid for the WGS-6 spacecraft that was launched in 2013. International partners receive proportional access to the bandwidth provided by the WGS constellation based on financial contribution, the Air Force said. The 10th and final member of the WGS constellation is targeted for launch in late 2018.  Follow Irene Klotz on Twitter @Free_Space. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook and Google+. Original article on Space.com. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More From Space.com Hubble Telescope snaps sparkly photo of hypergiant star's home Space.com Collapsing cliff caused comet's brilliant outburst Space.com Student-built rocket soars to record altitude, college says Space.com Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Anti-Spam Did you find the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues with searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 March 2017 by Military News WGS-9 already tomorrow ! Military communications satellite called WGS-9 designed for U.S. Army and for its allies will be launched tomorrow on the top of the Delta IV rocket. This is latest communications satellite built by Boeing for U.S. Army and partially sponsored by following countries: Canada, Denmark, the Netherlands, Luxembourg and New Zealand. Each country expressed will of starting deeper cooperation with Department of Defense and allow U.S Army to control satellite communications of their armed forces.  WGS-9 is worth $424 million and was based on BSS-702 bus with 3 axis attitude control,  4 × XIPS-25 Ion engines and R-4D-15 HiPAT thrusters fueled with NTO / MMH. Two deployable solar arrays will provide power for X and Ka band transponders; thanks to them, satellite will be able to provide 10 spots on X band and 8 on Ka band independently. Weighing almost 6 t satellite will be operate from GEO orbit for at least 14 years. Satellite was delivered to Cape Canaveral on January 11, 2017 from Boeing’s factory in El Segundo, California. Launch of the Delta IV was planned for tomorrow at 23:44 UTC from SLC-37B at Cape Canaveral. United Launch Alliance decided to use Delta IV in Medium+ (5, 4) variant. it Read more at WGS-9 already tomorrow ! CategoriesUncategorized Tagsarmy, Cape Canaveral, defense, Delta IV, Google News, military, rocket, satellite, satPRnews, SLC-37B, Space, ULA, WGS-9 Post navigation Previous PostPrevious UKCloud Discuss Societal Responsibility And Business Growth Plans With Sir Gerald Howarth MP Next PostNext Airwheel A3 2 wheeled Electric Scooter Offers a Comfortable Ride Search Recent Posts World Meteorological Day celebrates importance of clouds for weather, climate and water IIROC Trade Resumption / L’OCRCVM permet la reprise de la negociation – IMM Atossa Genetics Opens Enrollment in Study of Endoxifen How the U.S. Keeps Herbal Dietary Supplements Safe Patriot One Announces Evaluation and Purchase Agreement with Iconic Las Vegas Property Business Contacts A Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Log In 1 of 3 Premium Clicks used this month Print + Online Subscriber Activation Register Subscribe News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries E-Edition Autos Jobs Real Estate Classifieds Member Rewards log in Bicyclist killed in hit-and-run collision with truck Saturday Mar 18, 2017 at 5:32 PM Mar 18, 2017 at 5:32 PM Nicholas Filipas Record Staff Writer @nicholasfilipas STOCKTON — A man riding a bicycle was killed in a hit-and-run collision Friday night in southeast Stockton. The Stockton Police Department said the victim was in the 3000 block of Boeing Way near Highway 99 when he was struck by a red tractor-trailer truck pulling a flatbed trailer at 9:04 p.m. The driver fled the scene. The victim, a 43-year-old man, died at the scene. The driver is described as a Middle Eastern man, between 25 and 32 years old, 5 feet 9 inches tall, 220 pounds with an unshaven beard and last seen wearing a dark blue shirt, reflective vest and denim shorts. Officer Joe Silva, a spokesman for the Police Department, said the investigation into the collision is ongoing. Anyone with information about the case is asked to call the Police Department at (209) 937-8377, the Investigations Unit at (209) 937-8323 or Crime Stoppers at (209) 946-0600. Crime Stoppers pays cash rewards up to $10,000. Callers can remain anonymous. Cellphone users can text information to 274637 (CRIMES) by entering the keyword “TIPSPD” followed by their tip. Internet users can visit the Police Department's Facebook page and click “Submit a Tip.” — Contact reporter Nicholas Filipas at (209) 546-8257 or nfilipas@recordnet.com. Follow him at recordnet.com/filipasblog or on Twitter @nicholasfilipas. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Reader Services Subscriptions Subscriber controls Contact us Submissions Photos Events Letters to the editor Corrections Announcements & Obits Story ideas Alerts Email alerts RSS feeds Text Alerts Advertise Media Kit Home Products and services Ad rates Advertising contacts Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. recordnet.com ~ 530 East Market Street, Stockton, CA 95202 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Crime & Courts Government Education Environment Fitzgerald column Weather Shareable Databases Sports Prep Football High School Sports College Sports Motorsports Outdoors Pro Sports Auto Racing Entertainment Dining Music Travel Theater Things To Do Calendar Life Family Food & Wine Health & Fitness Home & Garden People Pets Business Agriculture Local Business Retail Opinion Columns Letters Editorials Obituaries Area Deaths More Photos Videos Calendar Blogs myRecord Record Press Club Specialty Publications Member Rewards Contests TV Guide Branded Content Subscriber E-Edition Subscriber services Subscribe Email alerts Text Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Limelight Deals Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications false
DVIDS DIRECT ADMIN WELCOME REGISTER LOGIN LOGOUT MY DOWNLOADS OPTIONS Notifications See All Notifications (e.g. yourname@email.com) Remember me Forgot Password? Or login with Facebook Home DVIDS Hometown News Secretary Mattis Military Unit Pages Combatant Commands Podcasts Webcasts Newswire Alerts Digital Portfolios Hometown Heroes Features Images Most Recent Most Popular Video HD Holiday Greetings Map B-Roll Briefings Commercials Greetings Interviews Newscasts Package PSA Series News Top Stories Most Recent Most Popular Press Releases Audio Most Recent Most Popular Publications Recent Issues Archived Issues Media Requests Create Request Media Press Kit REGISTER LOGIN DVIDS DIRECT ADMIN OPTIONS MY DOWNLOADS LOGOUT Home DVIDS Hometown News Secretary Mattis Military Unit Pages Combatant Commands Podcasts Webcasts Newswire Alerts Digital Portfolios Hometown Heroes Features Images Most Recent Most Popular Video HD Holiday Greetings Map B-Roll Briefings Commercials Greetings Interviews Newscasts Package PSA Series News Top Stories Most Recent Most Popular Press Releases Audio Most Recent Most Popular Publications Recent Issues Archived Issues Media Requests Create Request Media Press Kit About DVIDS Personnel Bios. Contact Us Privacy & Security FAQs Copyright Information Accessibility Information Customer Service DVIDS Hub works best with JavaScript enabled Air Force Successfully Launches WGS-9 Satellite LOS ANGELES AIR FORCE BASE, CA, UNITED STATES 03.18.2017 Courtesy Story Secretary of the Air Force Public Affairs ✔ ✗ Subscribe 11 “WGS-9 launch marks an important occasion for the Wideband constellation as it is a major milestone in a 20-year partnership with Canada, Denmark, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, and New Zealand,” said Mr. Bob Tarleton, director of Space and Missile Systems Center’s Military Satellite Communications Systems Directorate. “This accomplishment is the result of the remarkable relationship with our international partners and our exemplary operations at the 45th Space Wing, 50th Space Wing, and industry,” said Tarleton. “Thanks to the astounding commitment, focus on the mission, and team work, we successfully launched the next satellite in the WGS satellite constellation.” This mission demonstrates the Air Force’s continued commitment to deliver secure and reliable satellite communications around the globe to U.S. forces and her allies. WGS satellites play an integral part in the strategic and tactical coordination of military operations. With this launch, WGS-9 will significantly enhance the current WGS constellation by providing increased communication capacity and coverage. Improving on previous WGS satellites, WGS-9 utilizes a state-of-the-art channelizer, which increases the communication capacity by approximately 45% compared to the first seven WGS satellites. Over the next few months, Boeing will begin on-orbit testing of WGS-9 to verify performance and prepare the satellite for operational use. Ultimately, WGS-9 will be controlled by the U.S. Air Force’s 3rd Space Operations Squadron at Schriever Air Force Base. The WGS-9 satellite will enter operations in October 2017. With one more satellite in production, the WGS constellation is planned to have a total of 10 satellites on orbit by 2019. LEAVE A COMMENT NEWS INFO Date Taken: 03.18.2017 Date Posted: 03.20.2017 08:47 Story ID: 227375 Location: LOS ANGELES AIR FORCE BASE, CA, US  Web Views: 82 Downloads: 1 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN   This work, Air Force Successfully Launches WGS-9 Satellite, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law. MORE LIKE THIS TAGS WGS9 launch Add Tag OPTIONS   Validate Your Account to Download   Register/Login to Download   Download Story   Add to My Downloads   Create TinyURL   Connect to Placements   Add to Playlist   Add News & Images to Playlist   Distribute Story   Schedule Social Post   Edit Story   Printable Version LEAVE A COMMENT Features Images Most Recent Most Popular Video HD Holiday Greetings Map B-Roll Briefings Commercials Greetings Interviews Newscasts Package PSA Series News Top Stories Most Recent Most Popular Press Releases Audio Most Recent Most Popular Publications Recent Issues Archived Issues Media Requests Create Request Media Press Kit About DVIDS Personnel Bios. Contact Us Privacy & Security FAQs Copyright Information Accessibility Information Customer Service 24 Hour Media Hotline 678-421-6612
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business Comment GMB urges investors to defend the Unilever model. They need to listen Insecurity is helping to fuel an ugly wave of populism that will ultimately harm investors’ best interests. Unilever has shown that there is a better way. It would be a tragedy if that were to be lost as a result of Kraft Heinz’s rejected takeover approach James Moore Chief Business Commentator @JimMooreJourno Monday 20 March 2017 11:00 GMT Click to follow The Independent Online Union leaders are concerned that workers will reap a Kraft-style whirlwind despite the latter’s retreat back across the Atlantic Is there still room for a better sort of capitalism? With a fog of uncertainty hanging over all those working at Unilever, the GMB union has written to its leading investors, including BlackRock Investment Management and Legal & General Investment Management, in the wake of a pledge by the company’s management to turbo-charge shareholders’ returns.  Unilever bosses have promised a “comprehensive review of options available to accelerate delivery of value for the benefit of our shareholders” after sending suitor Kraft Heinz packing.  Read more Unilever 'considering selling' brands including Flora and Stork spread Unilever Set to Change Compensation Structure to Instil Owner's Mindset Unilever promises more profit. Can it stay cuddly too? While not a saint, the Marmite maker has long stood for a better sort of capitalism. Indeed, the GMB highlights Unilever’s “proven track record of investment, decent pensions, good working conditions and recognising trade unions like GMB”, its “proud history of treating workers with respect” and its “status as a model employer”.   However, union leaders are concerned that the aforementioned statement points to the impending sacrifice of this on the altar of “accelerated delivery for the benefit of our shareholders”, and that workers, whom CEO Paul Poulman last week said should be considered when a UK champion receives a takeover approach, will reap a Kraft-style whirlwind despite the latter’s retreat back across the Atlantic.  After all, when big company bosses like Mr Poulman talk about boosting returns for shareholders it doesn’t usually involve cutting their bloated packages.  The tried and tested tactic is to cut, cut and cut again, with the pay, pensions and conditions of workers lower down the corporate food chain directly in the firing line.  The insecurity, and anxiety, created by this sort of behaviour on the part of big employers is undoubtedly a factor in the rise of the ugly populism that stalks Europe, the UK and the US. Brexit is just one of the malign consequences to have emerged from it. Still worse could follow.  Investors, large and small, will suffer from that along with everyone else. The sharper minds among them might care to reflect on that, and consider how the destruction of the Unilever model will only serve as fuel for the fires that are raging. It would ultimately prove to be, as the GMB notes, counter productive. Occasionally there are hints that the controlling brains at the top of the big money managers recognise the issue. L&G’s group chief executive Nigel Wilson, for example, headed a panel on so-called “mission-led businesses” – profit-driven enterprises that nonetheless have a commitment to social impact – that reported to the Government a while back.  It was, if we’re being honest here, a little bit woolly. But the hearts of those involved were at least in the right place.  Unilever could be seen as an example of what Mr Wilson was calling for. What the GMB has said about Unilever as an employer – high praise from a union – is certainly indicative of that.  Perhaps Mr Wilson might have a word in the shell likes of his fund managers? It would be a start.  Business picture of the day 37 show all Business picture of the day 1/37 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 2/37 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 3/37 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 4/37 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 5/37 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 6/37 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 7/37 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 8/37 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 9/37 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 10/37 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 11/37 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 12/37 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 13/37 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 14/37 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 15/37 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 16/37 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 17/37 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 18/37 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 19/37 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 20/37 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 21/37 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 22/37 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 23/37 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 24/37 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 25/37 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 26/37 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 27/37 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 28/37 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 29/37 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 30/37 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 31/37 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 32/37 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 33/37 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 34/37 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 35/37 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 36/37 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 37/37 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters After all, if you want to invest in a company like Kraft Heinz, with all that entails, then there’s nothing stopping you from investing in Kraft Heinz. The company will turn its hungry eyes elsewhere before too long, so you’ll ultimately get all the slashing and burning you want.  Personally, I’d rather see my pension money directed towards something a bit better. It’s not as if Unilever isn’t a highly profitable company. Its shares have been on the rise as a result of all the recent fuss, but they still offer a prospective dividend yield of close to 3 per cent.  If any group can influence the direction of Unilever it is the big fund managers. They should consider carefully what the GMB has had to say. Then, perhaps they might care to follow up on its letter with one of their own to Mr Poulman. Something like this would do the trick: “We’d obviously like to see better returns, but we also like the Unilever model. So please don’t break it.”  More about: Unilever GMB Kraft Heinz Legal & General ethical investment Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News Uber president Jeff Jones quits after just six months and issues damning criticism of company 'The beliefs and approach to leadership that have guided my career are inconsistent with what I saw and experienced at Uber,' the marketing expert said Heather Somerville Monday 20 March 2017 08:38 GMT Click to follow The Independent Online A former Uber employee last month published a blog post describing a workplace where sexual harassment was common and went unpunished Carl Court/Getty Ride services company Uber has been thrust deeper into turmoil with the departure of company president Jeff Jones, a marketing expert hired to help soften its often abrasive image. Mr Jones quit less than seven months after joining the San Francisco company, an Uber spokesman said on Sunday. In a statement to Reuters, Mr Jones said he could not continue as president of a business with which he was incompatible. Read more Uber uses 'secret program' Greyball to avoid regulators “I joined Uber because of its mission, and the challenge to build global capabilities that would help the company mature and thrive long term,” Mr Jones said. “It is now clear, however, that the beliefs and approach to leadership that have guided my career are inconsistent with what I saw and experienced at Uber, and I can no longer continue as president of the ride sharing business,” he added. Mr Jones wished the “thousands of amazing people at the company” well. Mr Jones' role was put into question after Uber earlier this month launched a search for a chief operating officer to help run the company alongside chief executive Travis Kalanick. Read more What Uber looks like around the world from Bali to Brazil Why Uber and Snapchat can tell us so much about the world economy Uber drivers must pass written English test, High Court rules Uber's PR problems growing, but they aren't slowing its revenues Uber executive Amit Singhal resigns over sexual harassment allegations Uber investors attack company over ‘bullying and lack of diversity’ Mr Jones had been performing some of those COO responsibilities. He joined Uber from Target, where he was chief marketing officer and is credited with modernising the retailer's brand. “We want to thank Jeff for his six months at the company and wish him all the best,” an Uber spokesman said in an emailed statement. Uber's vice president of maps and business platform, Brian McClendon, said separately he plans to leave the company at the end of the month to explore politics. “I'll be staying on as an adviser,” Mr McClendon said in a statement to Reuters. “This fall's election and the current fiscal crisis in Kansas is driving me to more fully participate in our democracy.” Business picture of the day 37 show all Business picture of the day 1/37 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 2/37 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 3/37 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 4/37 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 5/37 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 6/37 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 7/37 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 8/37 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 9/37 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 10/37 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 11/37 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 12/37 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 13/37 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 14/37 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 15/37 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 16/37 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 17/37 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 18/37 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 19/37 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 20/37 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 21/37 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 22/37 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 23/37 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 24/37 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 25/37 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 26/37 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 27/37 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 28/37 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 29/37 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 30/37 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 31/37 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 32/37 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 33/37 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 34/37 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 35/37 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 36/37 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 37/37 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters Jones and McClendon are the latest in a string of high-level executives to leave the company. Last month, engineering executive Amit Singhal was asked to resign due to a sexual harassment allegation stemming from his previous job at Alphabet's Google. Earlier this month, Ed Baker, Uber's vice president of product and growth, and Charlie Miller, Uber's famed security researcher, departed. Technology news site Recode first reported Jones' departure on Sunday. Uber, while it has long had a reputation as an aggressive and unapologetic startup, has been battered with multiple controversies over the last several weeks that have put Mr Kalanick's leadership capabilities and the company's future into question. A former Uber employee last month published a blog post describing a workplace where sexual harassment was common and went unpunished. The blog post prompted an internal investigation that is being led by former US Attorney General Eric Holder. Then, Bloomberg released a video that showed Mr Kalanick berating an Uber driver who had complained about cuts to rates paid to drivers, resulting in Mr Kalanick making a public apology. And earlier this month Uber confirmed it had used a secret technology program dubbed “Greyball,” which effectively changes the app view for specific riders, to evade authorities in cities where the service has been banned. Uber has since prohibited the use of Greyball to target local regulators. Uber is also facing a lawsuit from Alphabet's self-driving car division that accuses it of stealing designs for autonomous car technology known as Lidar. Uber has said the claims are false. Mr Jones joined Uber in August and was widely expected to be Mr Kalanick's No. 2. Mr Jones was tasked with overseeing the bulk of Uber's global operations, including leading the ride-hailing program, running local Uber services in every city, marketing and customer service, and working with drivers. The Independent Drivers Guild, an organization that advocates for Uber drivers, on Sunday was critical that Mr Jones “has left the company without making a single improvement to help drivers struggling to make a living,” said Ryan Price, executive director of the guild. Reuters More about: Uber Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
  News Magazines Media Industry Directory Events Products   Home >> News: March 20th, 2017 >> Story Satnews Daily March 20th, 2017 China Strives to Imitate SpaceX...  Recover and Reuse Launch Rockets The launch of a Chinese manned space mission on a Long March carrier rocket in October last year. Photo Xinhua SpaceX's successful return of their rockets to Earth after launches is an accomplishment China is attempting to emulate. China is developing a system to recover parts of rockets used in space launches to bring down costs and make its space program more commercially competitive, according to researchers involved in the project. The system would bring the rocket engine and booster safely back to the ground so they can be reused in future launches. Besides saving operational costs, the recovery would also reduce the threat of debris falling to the ground, the researchers said. The recovery system is under development at the China Academy of Launch Vehicle Technology in Beijing. It involves using a set of multiple parachutes, which are stored in the first stage of the rocket, which is released from the rest of the craft before it burns its way through the Earth’s atmosphere. An airbag inflates under the discarded part of the rocket, which cushions impact when it finally hits the ground. Launch of China’s most powerful rocket helps Beijing close gap with US The technology differs from the system used by the commercial company SpaceX on its Falcon 9 rockets. As the first stage of Falcon 9 falls back to Earth, its engines reignite when it reaches a speed of 3km per second, slowing it down to reduce impact as it lands vertically on the ground. In an article on the academy’s website, Deng Xinyu, a researcher on the Chinese rocket recovery program, said that vertical landing involved many challenges and was extremely difficult to achieve. SpaceX has performed a series of successful vertical landings which demonstrate the technology’s feasibility, but Chinese researchers have rejected the approach, the article said. Deng wrote that the vertical landing system needed carrying extra fuel for landing, which meant rockets could only carry smaller payloads into space. The Falcon rocket also uses nine small rocket engines to generate thrust, which reduces the launch vehicle’s overall reliability and efficiency. “The mainstream trend of modern rocket development is to increase the thrust and reduce the number of rocket engines. That is also why China, as well as Airbus, Boeing and Lockheed Martin did not use the technology,” Deng said. China’s government has funded research into both approaches before concentrating efforts on the parachute system. China to develop space rockets to launch from planes A large scale test experiment using the technology was carried out two years ago. Bao Weimin, professor of aerospace technology at Peking University and a science advisor to the China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation, told the state-run news agency Xinhua this week that the reuse of rockets was essential to cut costs. “Compared to mainstream rockets overseas, Long March rockets in China have lower costs, but with the increase of Chinese space exploration, the costs must be trimmed further,” he was quoted as saying. China has yet to officially rule out the vertical landing technology to recover rockets, according to Xinhua. A final decision will be made before 2020, the report said. The Chinese launch vehicle academy researchers have said on their website that the parachute-airbag system will be assisted by multiple sensors and a sophisticated flight control system to guide the descent. The final goal was to hit a small recovery zone as precisely as the vertical landing technology can achieve. Space debris in northern China confirmed as from recently launched satellites However, Professor Sun Yi, the director of the aerospace science and mechanics department at the Harbin Institute of Technology, said he had concerns about the parachute-assisted landing system as it could easily miss a target area in high winds. “Falcon 9 can be brought back to the launch pad, or even land on a ship. With a parachute you may hit a mountain top or end up in thick forest on a tropical island,” he said. Sun also doubted whether the air bag could absorb enough impact during the landing of a heavy rocket. “Even a mild shock can cause damage to the components in rocket engines,” he said. This article appeared in the South China Morning Post print edition as: China shoots for the stars in recycled rocket technology Topical Tags :  Agencies    Regulatory/Government    Launch    Satellite Operator    Service Provider      Regional Tags :  Asia/Asia Pacific    North America                 FREE SUBSCRIPTIONS Today's Top News First Images from SBIRS GEO-3 Received Disaster Response and Connecting Affected Communities Enabled by SES ULA's Delay of Orbital ATK's Cygnus™ Launch  SATCOM Enhancements for Green Reefers by NSSLGlobal The ISRO's South Asian Satellite's New Participant is Bangladesh More News Payloads from US National Laboratory Research Prepped and Ready for Orbital ATK CRS-7 Launch Seeing Double with UHP Networks at CABSAT... New Products and New Ideas Presented at Singtel Seminar  Application of GaN-on-Diamond Materials Foundation of New Akash SATCOM Firm Complete Vessel Visibility Via ORBCOMM, Pole Star and Weatherdock Product Partnership Es’hailSat Brings Solutions for 4K UHD Transmission to CABSAT 2017 SpeedCast Opens a Shop in Papua New Guinea ... Familiar Territory Last Week's Top Stories A Double Celebration as USAF's WGS-9 Launches on the Air Force's 70th Anniversary  GEE There's No Time for Sea Sickness ... Airtime Portal on Cruise Ships Keeps Folks Busy and Happy at Sea COMSAT Awarded Contract to Provide Department of Defense with Global Xpress SATCOM as a Service (SaaS) Three Diamonds will Soon Fly... GomSpace to create satellite constellation for Sky and Space Global SpeedCast's Unprecedented Connectivity to Cruise Ships ... New Larger Ships Drive Consumption SpaceX Sends Off EchoStar XXIII to a Geostationary Transfer Orbit Globalstar's STINGR Takes The Bite Out Of Asset Tracking  USAF Delivers GPS III Launch Contract to SpaceX Globalstar and Inmarsat's partnership ... will cross-sell satellite services Contract Mod Received by Lockheed Martin for SBIRS Constellation Ground Works News Topics All Topics Agencies Analysis/Reports Business Moves Consumer Applications Events Executive Moves Finance Launch Manufacturing Military New Products Regulatory/Government SatBroadcasting Satellite Operator Service Provider SmallSat Systems News Regions All Regions Asia/Asia Pacific Europe Global Middle East/Africa North America South/Central America Past News Magazine Articles News & Data Current Satellite News Last Week's Top Stories News Topics News Regions Past News Magazines About Us Main Office / Sales Editorial Contacts History Staff Industry Industry Directory Free Publications Products Satellite Events China Content Broadcasting Network(CCBN) 33nd Space Symposium Sea Air Space 2017 The Digital Ship Maritime CIO Forum Med India Satcom 2017 NAB 2017 Digital Ship Maritime Cyber Resilience Forum Athens
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     At 2.50% CAGR the Military Satellite Market to Reach US$10.1 Billion by 2027   View as PDF  Print View    The Global Military Satellite Market 2017-2027 report says cumulative market for global expenditure on Military Satellite systems is valued at US$93.3 billion over the forecast period. The market is expected to be led by North America with a share of 39.2% over the forecast period. Pune, India - March 20, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ -- Global expenditure on Military Satellite systems market is expected to show robust growth over the forecast period, primarily due to the increased importance of Military Satellite systems in modern or fourth-generation warfare. Browse 13 leading company's competitive analysis, spread across 138 pages available @ http://www.reportsnreports.com/reports/916010-the-global-military-satellite-market-2017-2027.html . The global Military Satellite Systems market is expected to be led by North America with a share of 39.2% over the forecast period, followed by Europe with 29.3% and Asia-Pacific with a share of 21.1%. The Middle Eastern market is expected to account for 5.5%, followed by Latin America with 3.3%, and the African markets with a share of 1.6%. Over the forecast period, governments are expected to invest in cheaper alternatives such as microsatellites. This class of satellites is much cheaper and faster to design, build, and launch, although the reliability and longevity of these systems has not been proved yet. One of the reasons for their rapid development timelines is the use of commercial-off-the-shelf (COTS) technology, which makes the assembly of these satellites simple and fast. With pressure on a number of major defense spending countries to reduce defense spending, these satellites are expected to be a major area for investment as they accomplish most of the tasks performed by traditional satellites. The report "The Global Military Satellite Market 2017-2027" offers detailed analysis of the global Military Satellite market over the next 10 years, and provides market size forecasts. Furthermore, it covers key technological and market trends in the industry and analyzes factors influencing demand for Military Satellite systems. Additionally, the report highlights challenges faced by industry participants. Order a copy of report @ http://www.reportsnreports.com/purchase.aspx?name=916010 . In particular, it provides an in-depth analysis of the following - Overview: Snapshot of the Military Satellite market during 2017-2027, including highlights of the demand drivers, trends, and challenges. It also provides a snapshot of the expenditure with respect to regions as well as segments Market Dynamics: Insights into the technological developments in the Military Satellite market and a detailed analysis of the changing preferences of governments around the world. It also analyzes changing industry structure trends and the challenges faced by the industry participants Segment Analysis: Insights into the Military Satellite market from a segmental perspective and a detailed analysis of factors influencing the market for each segment Regional Review: Insights into modernization patterns and budgetary allocation for the top countries within a region Regional Analysis: Insights into the Military Satellite market from a regional perspective and a detailed analysis of factors influencing the market for each region Trend Analysis - Key Defense Market: Analysis of the key markets in each region, providing an analysis of the Military Satellite segments expected to be in demand in each region Key Program Analysis: Details of the top programs in each segment expected to be executed during the forecast period Competitive landscape analysis: Analysis of competitive landscape of the global Military Satellite industry. It provides an overview of key defense companies, together with insights such as key alliances, strategic initiatives, and a brief financial analysis. Check for Discount on this Report @ http://www.reportsnreports.com/contacts/discount.aspx?name=916010 . Companies reviewed in this report: The Boeing Company, Lockheed Martin Corporation, The Raytheon Company, QinetiQ Group plc, Northrop Grumman Corporation, Airbus Defence and Space, Harris Corporation, Israel Aerospace Industries, Intelsat General Corporation, ISS-Reshetnev, Mitsubishi Electric Corporation, Telespazio, Thales. About Us: ReportsnReports.com is single source for all market research needs. Our database includes 500,000+ market research reports from over 95 leading global publishers & in-depth market research studies of over 5000 micro markets. Contact Info: Name: Ritesh Tiwari Email: sales@reportsandreports.com Organization: ReportsnReports.com Address: Magarpatta City, Pune, Maharashtra, India Phone: +1-888-391-5441 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/at-2-50-cagr-the-military-satellite-market-to-reach-us10-1-billion-by-2027/178825 For more information, please visit http://www.reportsnreports.com/reports/916010-the-global-military-satellite-market-2017-2027.html Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 178825 Recent Press Releases By The Same User The Worlds First Youtube Simulator Game Hits 2.5 Million Downloads (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Bias Tire Market 2017 Share, Growth, Key Manufacturers Analysis and Regional Forecast (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Bozeman MT Ranch Real Estate Broker Releases Montana Bull Sale Auction Report (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Canal Hearing Aids Market Growing at 5.51% CAGR during 2017 to 2021 (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Global Software defined perimeter (SDP) Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Precision Farming Market To Reach $5.5 Billion With 12.64% CAGR Forecast To 2020 (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
Home World news 500 Limousines, 1,200 hotel rooms, 100 bodyguards: Here’s what Saudi King Salman spent his money on during Asian adventure 500 Limousines, 1,200 hotel rooms, 100 bodyguards: Here’s what Saudi King Salman spent his money on during Asian adventure Remember, Saudi Arabia's King Salman who created quite a flutter when he visited Indonesia earlier this year as he descended slowly on his personal escalator from the plane and also accompanied by an entourage that could number up to 1,500. By: FE Online | Published: March 20, 2017 12:39 PM He was recently on an official tour in Asia and most recently visited China where he not only signed deals worth potentially billion but got down from his personal plane on a golden escalator. Remember, Saudi Arabia’s King Salman who created quite a flutter when he visited Indonesia earlier this year as he descended slowly on his personal escalator from the plane and also accompanied by an entourage that could number up to 1,500. He was recently on an official tour in Asia and most recently visited China where he not only signed deals worth potentially $65 billion but got down from his personal plane on a golden escalator. His official tour to Asia is over now and now is back in his kingdom. Apart from the golden escalator, according to media reports, here’s a list of all the things where he spent his money, while on his Asian adventure: 1) 500 Limousines: King Salman flew two Mercedes-Benz S600 limousines with him on his trip. Apart from this, he ordered 500 Limousines in Tokyo for him and his crew. 2) 1,200 hotel rooms: According to media reports, the King booked a reported 1,200 hotel rooms at Tokyo’s top hotels to accommodate his staff and delegates. 3) A Lockheed C-130 Hercules: In the Saudi King’s arsenal, it is reportedly used to carry his nearly 500 tonnes of luggage — limousines and escalators included. 4) 100 bodyguards: King Salman’s 1,500-strong squad includes 25 prince, 10 ministers, and over 100 security personnel. The retinue has a combined net worth in the multi-billions. 5) Six Boeing passenger jets: In order to transport the King’s entourage of 1,500 people, six Boeing passenger jets were chartered for the trip — including his personal 747, painted in gold. Saudi Arabia’s octogenarian monarch, who has overseen the launch of an ambitious economic reform plan since his accession two years ago, was on a month-long tour of Asia that took him to Malaysia, Indonesia, Japan, and China. The visits to countries that are some of the world’s biggest importers of Saudi oil aim to promote investment opportunities in the kingdom, including the sale of a stake in national oil company Saudi Aramco. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now IPL 2017: After JP Duminy, Delhi Daredevils may not get Quinton De Kock's services as well SC asks states to upload information on mid-day meal scheme on website Narayan Rane rubbishes rumors of quitting Congress Pakistan has to vacate PoK, Gilgit-Baltistan: Union Minister Jitendra Singh Lawyers' strike affects work in district courts India hits back at Pakistan's shocking remark on Kashmir, asks it to take affective action against terrorism Kapil Sharma-Sunil Grover spat: Raju Srivastava to lend his magic touch on a permanent basis? MCD Polls 2017: Delhi HC disposes pleas seeking delimitation of wards No proposal to enhance quota percentage: Thaawar Chand Gehlot India notifies amended tax treaty with Singapore When Kirron Kher hit Navjot Singh Sidhu's 'Kapil Sharma Show' bouncer for a six! Assembly Election Results 2017 Uttar pradesh Assembly Elections 2017 Punjab Assembly Elections 2017 Goa Assembly Elections 2017 Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2017 Manipur Assembly elections 2017  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Hindi News यूपी पुलिस की एंटी रोमियो स्क्‍वैड की हरकतों पर धारा 499 के तहत सीएम आदित्‍य नाथ पर बन सकता है मानहानि का केस कर्मचारी को चप्‍पल से पीटने वाले शिव सेना सांसद के खिलाफ एयर इंडिया ने कराई FIR, स्‍टाफ बोला- देश को भगवान बचाए नवजोत सिंह सिद्धू ने कहा-घर चलाने के लिए मेरा टीवी पर आना जरुरी Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Robotics Energy Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Biotech Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Geek Life & Style Celebrities Features Tech Culture Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg WATCH: Delta IV Rocket Carrying Advanced WGS-9 US Military Communications Satellite Takes Off For Space 19 March 2017, 3:46 am EDT By Arrianne Del Rosario Tech Times Space Travel - Five Cool FactsNow Playing Fascinating Facts About NASANow Playing Delta IV rocket launched the ninth Wideband Global SATCOM (WGS-9) space mission for the U.S. Air Force on Saturday, March 18. See the launch highlights here.  ( Getty Images ) Advertisement United Launch Alliance (ULA) Delta IV rocket launched the ninth Wideband Global SATCOM (WGS-9) space mission for the U.S. Air Force on Saturday, March 18. The 22-story payload lifted off from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. The launch, which was broadcasted live on YouTube and ULA's official website, reportedly experienced a 34-minute delay because of a glitch with its ground support equipment. Check out the highlights of WGS-9's launch. The Penultimate: WGS-9 US Military Satellite The WGS-9, which has a jaw-dropping price tag of $445 million, is the second to last in the 10-fleet state-of-the art satellite communication system for the U.S. military. Once in its target position at approximately 22,000 miles above the equator, the latest addition to the advanced WGS network is expected to take the country's military communication service to a whole new level — transmitting real-time television broadcasts and video conferences and high-bandwidth data to and from U.S. Air Force ships, aircraft, ground troops, operations centers, the U.S. Department of State, the White House, and various allies from around the world. International partners are allowed proportional access to the bandwidth provided by the WGS constellation based on financial contribution, according to the Air Force. Canada, Denmark, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, and New Zealand shared a total of $442 million to produce WGS-9. Australia, on the other hand, paid a part of the 2013 WGS-6 project. WGS-10 is currently in the works with a target launch of 2019. X-band And Ka-band Support WGS satellites support both X-band (weather monitoring, air and marine vessel traffic control, defense tracking, and vehicle speed monitoring) and Ka-band (close-range targeting on military aircraft) radar frequencies. The satellite can support 8.088 gigahertz of bandwidth, with an expected downlink speed of up to 11 Gbps. "WGS provides anytime, anywhere communications for soldiers, sailors, airmen, Marines and international partnership through broadcast, multicast, and point-to-point connections," Robert Tarleton, director of the Military Satellite Communications Systems Directorate at Air Force Space Command in Los Angeles, said. WGS Program And Delta IV The mission marks the seventh flight of the Delta IV in the Medium+ (5,4) configuration for the WGS-9 mission and its 35th launch since its inauguration in 2002. It has launched all WGS satellites in orbit today. The Boeing Co. was awarded the first contract to develop the WGS system, which initially proposed two satellites, in 2001. With its expendable launch vehicles Atlas and Delta, it has facilitated numerous U.S. government space missions in the last five decades. The U.S. Department of Defense, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), the National Reconnaissance Office, and the U.S. Air Force are among the prominent organizations in its launch portfolio. The United Launch Alliance is a 50-50 venture between the Lockheed Martin Corp. and the Boeing Co., established in 2006. TAG Delta IV, Satellites, Rocket '69, Rocket launch, U.S. Air Force © 2017 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Advertisement Related Articles SpaceX Successfully Launches Falcon 9 Rocket Carrying EchoStar 23 Satellite NOAA GOES-16 Satellite Sends Back First Images Of Earth And They Are Stunning SpaceX Wins $96 Million Contract To Launch Satellites For Air Force Look: Lightning Storm On Earth Captured By NOAA Weather Satellite US Ally Takes Down $200 Drone From Amazon With Patriot Missile Worth $3 Million From Our Sponsor How To Shop Smart: 5 Characteristics Of A Smart Shopper You may love shopping, you may be a bargain hunter....but are you a smart shopper? SPONSORED BY Packsize Advertisement Most Popular 1 Google How To Install Google's Android O Developer Preview On Your Pixel Or Nexus Device 2 Video Games The Nintendo Switch Was Almost An Android Device, But Cyanogen Said No 3 Apps/Software iTunes 12.6 Introduces New ‘Watch Anywhere’ Feature For Easier Movie Rental Playback Across Devices Advertisement 4 Ancient Scientists Discover Piece Of Early Earth Crust In Canada Dating Back 4.3 Billion Years 5 Computers Intel Unveils First Optane SSD With High Memory Capacity 6 Public Health Surviving Prostate Cancer: Studies Show Which Treatment Offers Better Quality Of Life Advertisement 7 Earth/Environment How Trump’s Science Budget Cuts Will Make America Stupid, According To Neil deGrasse Tyson 8 Microsoft Authentication Issue Hits Microsoft Outlook, OneDrive, Skype Once Again 9 Earth/Environment Stephen Hawking Raises Concerns Over Trump’s Environmental Policy 10 Apps/Software How To Install Kodi On Amazon Fire TV Stick, Roku TV, Or Apple TV EDITOR'S PICKS Stephen Hawking Raises Concerns Over Trump’s Environmental Policy Stephen Hawking Predicts Human Destruction From Technological Advances Amazon Tribe Offers Clues To Preventing Heart Disease Google Home Reportedly Playing ‘Beauty And The Beast’ Ads: Google Denies They’re Ads Following Negative Reactions Cheerios Offers Free Wildflower Seeds To Save The Bees: Why You Should Not Plant Them How Trump’s Science Budget Cuts Will Make America Stupid, According To Neil deGrasse Tyson Total Solar Eclipse To Cross US First Time In 99 Years Hungry Spiders Eating 800 Million Tons Of Insects Per Year Are Nature's Free Pest Control Grand Theft Auto 6 Rumors: Release Date, Female Protagonist, And Everything So Far About 'GTA 6' Life & Style More Life & Style Starbucks’ Secret Menu Features Another Pink Purple Drink Cannot Spot That Your Partner Is Hiding Emotions? Study Reveals Couples May Miss Cues Sistine Chapel Frescoes Digitized For Future Restoration Work Starbucks’ New Macchiato Drinks Will Be Your New Obsession This Spring Instagram User Wins All-Expense-Paid Cruise For Summer Intern-Ship Tesla Owner Who Sacrificed His Model S To Save Another Driver Gets Surprise From Elon Musk British Airways Hostesses Sleep In Cars, Can Only Afford Pot Noodles Monopoly Ditches Thimble Token, New Ones Will Arrive In August TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideosArchives About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2017 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved.
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Travel Business Travel Northern Ireland could see tax on tourism and flights slashed after Brexit Tourism-related businesses in Northern Ireland pay 20 per cent VAT, compared with 9 per cent by their counterparts in the Republic Michael Mchugh Monday 20 March 2017 00:08 GMT Click to follow The Independent Travel Last year, 2.5 million visitors to Northern Ireland fuelled an industry worth £800m Getty/iStock Tax on tourism and flights in Northern Ireland could be slashed once the UK leaves the EU, an influential committee of MPs said. The hospitality industry pays VAT at a rate more than twice that of competitors in the Republic of Ireland. EU law prevents member states from setting different levels of the charge for different regions. That power will be repatriated to the UK after Brexit. Read more A united Ireland would not be beneficial for the North Northern Ireland Affairs Committee chairman Laurence Robertson said: “Levels of VAT and Air Passenger Duty (APD) are making businesses less competitive than their equivalents in the Republic of Ireland. “We are calling on the UK Government to examine options for reducing these tax burdens on tourism and creating the right environment for the sector to flourish.” Tourism-related businesses in Northern Ireland pay 20 per cent VAT, compared with 9 per cent by their counterparts in the Republic. Northern Ireland is the only part of the UK sharing a land border with another state. The tax difference creates a competitive disadvantage where businesses in Northern Ireland are forced to reduce prices, hampering their ability to invest or risking losing out on business by being too expensive, the committee said. Last year, 2.5 million visitors fuelled an industry worth £800m and directly employing 43,000 people. Business picture of the day 37 show all Business picture of the day 1/37 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 2/37 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 3/37 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 4/37 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 5/37 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 6/37 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 7/37 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 8/37 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 9/37 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 10/37 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 11/37 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 12/37 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 13/37 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 14/37 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 15/37 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 16/37 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 17/37 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 18/37 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 19/37 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 20/37 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 21/37 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 22/37 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 23/37 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 24/37 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 25/37 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 26/37 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 27/37 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 28/37 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 29/37 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 30/37 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 31/37 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 32/37 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 33/37 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 34/37 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 35/37 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 36/37 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 37/37 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters New attractions like the Titanic Belfast visitor centre and Game Of Thrones tours helped establish tourism as a pillar of the economy. The committee warned: “However, long-term growth may be at risk.” It added: “The tourism industry in Great Britain does not face the same form of competition and the Government must now consider if a one-size-fits-all policy is any longer appropriate.” Similar concerns exist over the impact of APD on the competitiveness of airports. In Northern Ireland, passengers pay the £13 short haul levy while in the Republic it has been abolished. Sinn Fein calls for referendum on Northern Ireland leaving the UK ‘as soon as possible’ The committee said: “There is compelling evidence that Northern Ireland's tourism industry is missing out on significant levels of business because the region's airports find it increasingly difficult to obtain crucial new routes. “With two million passengers a year travelling to Northern Ireland via Dublin Airport, the UK's aviation tax system places Northern Ireland at a significant competitive disadvantage.” Removing APD would incur a direct cost offset by benefits like new routes, increased tourism and business links and a boost for the economy, the committee said. It said the UK Government and the Northern Ireland Executive should re-examine the economic case for abolishing APD on flights to and from Northern Ireland and seek the full devolution of power over the duty, so that the decision and cost implications reside where they will be most felt. Cuts to APD separately from the rest of the UK would see Treasury reducing the amount it provides the devolved administration to run public services. Stormont's former Department of Enterprise, Trade and Investment (Deti) has said reducing APD was not a strong tool for promoting economic development. Press Association More about: Northern Ireland Tourism Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us כ"ד אדר תשע"ז   |   Wednesday, March 22, 2017 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Business FOCUS: Businesses Hope Trump Fixes Struggling Ex-Im Bank FOCUS: Businesses Hope Trump Fixes Struggling Ex-Im Bank By Jim Puzzanghera Sunday, March 19, 2017 at 4:47 pm | כ"א אדר תשע"ז The Export-Import Bank of the U.S. in Washington. (AP Photo/Jacquelyn Martin, File) WASHINGTON (Los Angeles Times/TNS) - FirmGreen Inc., a Newport Beach, Calif., renewable energy company, is preparing to start construction on a solar project in the Philippines. The job could have yielded about $180 million in contracts to U.S. manufacturers to supply most of the equipment — but the work most likely will be done in China instead. When FirmGreen was unable to get the necessary loan guarantees from the U.S. Export-Import Bank, it had to seek them from China’s version of the federal export-credit agency, Chief Executive Steve Wilburn said. And that financial assistance was available only if FirmGreen promises to manufacture the project’s equipment in China. “I’m a patriot. I’m a former Marine, a 100 percent disabled Vietnam vet, and for me to have to go to China and other overseas sources for manufacturing goes against my grain,” Wilburn said. “But I have to survive as a businessman.” Now exporters such as Wilburn, along with the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and other business groups, are urging President Trump to help fix the Ex-Im Bank — a move they said would boost the White House’s efforts to increase U.S. manufacturing jobs and reduce the nation’s trade deficit. Two administration Cabinet secretaries have indicated they support the bank. But it’s unclear whether Mr. Trump will take action, adding to the uncertainty that has plagued the controversial agency in recent years. Many conservatives would like to kill it altogether. The bank, opened during the Great Depression, helps U.S. companies sell their products overseas by providing loan guarantees to foreign buyers and other assistance for sales of goods manufactured domestically. It has strong support from Democrats and business-friendly Republicans. About 85 other countries have similar export-credit agencies. Such aid is crucial for projects in developing nations, which often require government-backed financing and scare private banks because of fears of default. But the Export-Import Bank has been hobbled for more than a year by board vacancies that prevent it from approving financial assistance to any project of more than $10 million. That means FirmGreen hasn’t been able to get financing for its Philippines project — and Wilburn said he can’t wait any longer. In the 2016 fiscal year, the bank authorized just $5 billion in financing — a quarter of what it did in its last fully operational year in 2014 and the smallest amount in four decades. The Trump administration has sent mixed messages about the bank, which many conservatives strongly dislike even though it costs the government no money and has generated a total profit of $3.8 billion for taxpayers since 2009. Those opponents, including groups such as Heritage Action for America and the Club for Growth, say the bank’s assistance is corporate welfare that largely helps mega-companies such as Boeing Co. and General Electric Co. that don’t need the aid. The bank’s default rate is well below 1 percent. But conservatives worry because taxpayers are on the hook for any losses the bank can’t cover on about $87.2 billion in outstanding assistance. House Republican leaders blocked the bank’s reauthorization in 2015, leading to its closure for five months. After supporters pushed through legislation authorizing the bank to operate until Sept. 30, 2019, a key Senate Republican committee chairman blocked confirmation of President Obama’s nominees to fill vacancies on the board. The five-person board has only two members, one short of the quorum needed to approve assistance for larger projects. As a result, the bank said, 40 such projects with a total value of $30 billion are waiting for approval. During the presidential campaign, Mr. Trump said he didn’t think the bank was needed. “It’s sort of a featherbedding for politicians and others, and a few companies,” he told the conservative National Review in 2015. “And when you think about free enterprise, it’s really not free enterprise. I’d be against it.” And the bank reportedly is on a hit list of programs that the White House budget office wants to eliminate in the upcoming federal budget. White House budget director Mick Mulvaney voted against the bank’s 2015 authorization when he served as a Republican House member from South Carolina. The bank is funded by interest and fees on its aid, and it sent $284 million in profit to the Treasury last year. Although the bank receives no appropriations, lawmakers each year set the amount it can spend to pay salaries and other overhead. But recently, Mr. Trump has appeared to do an about-face, signaling support for the bank. Sen. Heidi Heitkamp, D-N.D., a bank proponent, said Mr. Trump promised her after a Feb. 9 White House meeting that he would nominate a third board member. “I specifically talked with the president about the need to get the Export-Import Bank up and running,” she said in a Senate speech a week later. “The great news is that President Trump agrees, and he informed me that we can in fact say he supports the Ex-Im Bank and that he would be nominating someone soon to serve on the Export-Import Bank.” White House spokeswoman Natalie Strom said last week that she could provide no update on Mr. Trump’s plans for the bank. The only action Mr. Trump has taken came last month, when he withdrew Obama’s January nomination of Democrat Claudia Slacik to fill one of the board’s vacancies. That could have indicated he doesn’t plan to fill the vacancies or simply that he wants to make his own nominations. Two key Cabinet members, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, have publicly indicated support for the bank recently, although with changes to focus its aid on small businesses. Filed under: Bank, Export, Import Print Email Gmail Related Ex-Im Bank Earned a Profit of $432 Million Last Year Lawrence Summers Joins Fight to Save Export-Import Bank Supporters in Congress Plan to Revive Export-Import Bank With Highway Bill Export-Import Bank Supporters Relieved, Worried by 9-Month Extension House GOP to Extend Export-Import Bank Authority More in Business Mexico Emerges as Most Alluring Emerging Market, India Worst Bank Leumi and Chinese Insurance Giant Ping An to Cooperate in Promoting Israeli High-Tech in China FOCUS: Currency Fallout Seen as Israel Closes in on Citi’s Bond Index One Day After Steep Stock-Market Drop, S&P and Nasdaq Rise as Investors Seek Bargains Existing-Home Sales Slowed in February After Surge in January OP-ED The Unpleasant Truth About Purim A Breath of Fresh Air for Israel Unfair Play Working for a Solution Juggling Act The Real World of Obamacare Repeal We Didn’t Think we Agreed on Undocumented Immigration. We Were Wrong. The “Trial” of Neil Gorsuch President Trump’s Foreign Policy Doctrine: Escalate to De-Escalate Leave the Constitution Alone Beware the Cyber-Bear Erasure, Inscription and Mesirus Nefesh What the FDA Gets Wrong About E-Cigarettes The Intelligence Committee’s Hearing On Russia Won’t Satisfy Democrats Features Great Granola Nichum Aveilim 25 Adar/March 23 This Day In History 25 Adar/March 23 Nichum Aveilim 24 Adar/March 22 This Day In History 24 Adar/March 22 Beware the Ice of March Sudoku – March 22, 2017 Get Moving The Odd Side – March 21, 2017 This Day In History 23 Adar/March 21 World of Wonder – March 21, 2017 Small Change Nichum Aveilim 23 Adar/March 21 Sudoku – March 21, 2017 Weather » Brooklyn 32°F Sunny See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 5,821.64 +27.82 (+0.48%) S&P 500 2,348.45 +4.43 (+0.19%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.9262 GBP 0.8008 ILS 3.6440 CHF 0.9918 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News Next poised to report fall in full-year profits amid plunging pound The retailer is expected to reveal a 4 per cent slide in annual pre-tax profits to £792m, down from £821.3m last year Ben Woods Sunday 19 March 2017 16:30 GMT Click to follow The Independent Online An increase in import costs due to the weak pound is said to have hit the group hard Getty High street giant Next is poised to report a fall in full-year profits this week, as the market looks for any signs of price hikes to mitigate the effects of the plunging pound. The retail bellwether is expected to reveal a 4 per cent slide in annual pre-tax profits to £792m, down from £821.3m last year, as a shift in spending away from clothing and footwear takes its toll on sales. The group said in January that it predicts overall full-price sales to fall by 1 per cent after tough trading over Christmas sparked a 0.4 per cent fall in the quarter to 24 December. Read more Fitch: Retailers Being 'Battered' by Shift to Online Shopping and Changes to How People Buy Clothes Chief executive Lord Wolfson, a pro-Brexit campaigner, has also warned that the cost pressures driven by the Brexit-hit pound could see it hike prices by up to 5 per cent. Graham Spooner, investment research analyst at The Share Centre, said: “The market will be hoping for better news from clothing retailer Next following its fourth-quarter trading update in early January which showed Christmas sales at high street stores below expectations. “A major issue for the group is the increase in import costs due to the weak pound and investors are keen to see if that is going to be passed on to customers or absorbed by the company.” Lord Wolfson offered a gloomy outlook for Next when he updated the market in January, forecasting 2017 to be “even tougher” for the firm and 2018's profits to tumble to between £680m and £780m. He said that while the Government was right not to be rushed into a Brexit plan, fears over the negotiations would heap further pressure on an embattled retail sector. Business picture of the day 37 show all Business picture of the day 1/37 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 2/37 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 3/37 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 4/37 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 5/37 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 6/37 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 7/37 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 8/37 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 9/37 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 10/37 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 11/37 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 12/37 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 13/37 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 14/37 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 15/37 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 16/37 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 17/37 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 18/37 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 19/37 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 20/37 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 21/37 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 22/37 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 23/37 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 24/37 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 25/37 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 26/37 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 27/37 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 28/37 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 29/37 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 30/37 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 31/37 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 32/37 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 33/37 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 34/37 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 35/37 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 36/37 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 37/37 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters “It will take them time and we have to be patient, but there will be uncertainty in the meantime.” It comes after high street rival Marks & Spencer saw its flagging clothing arm return to sales growth for the first time in nearly two years when it updated on Christmas trading in January. The firm said like-for-like sales in its clothing and home division rose 2.3 per cent in the 13 weeks to 31 December, the first growth since the January to March quarter in 2015. Read more Pound sterling remains near eight-week lows against US dollar This is what will happen to the pound once Article 50 is triggered Morrisons profits surge 50% but supermarket warns of price rises ahead Post-Brexit pound slump drives online export boom for UK companies However, chief executive Steve Rowe stressed there was more work to do in turning clothing sales around and suggested this quarter may not mark a return to sustained sales growth. Retailers face a choppy road ahead as consumers brace for a spending squeeze, with inflation reaching a two-and-a-half-year high at 1.8 per cent in January and retail sales unexpectedly falling by 0.3 per cent in the month. Ballooning import prices triggered by the Brexit-hit pound are a key factor behind the rise in everyday prices as companies pass their soaring costs to consumers. Press Association  More about: Next Shopping high street Business weak pound Sterling Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Subscribe & Save 33% Off the cover price Subscribe Now Gift Subscription Subscription Services Washington Monthly Newsletter Get email updates from the Washington Monthly. Sign Up The Magazine Group Current Issue Past Issues Group Political Animal Blog Politics 2016 College Guide and Rankings Economy Government Education K-12 Higher Education Law and Justice Health Care Books Group Republic 3.0 Special Reports Successes of Philanthropy Column 2 About Advertise Contact Careers Privacy Policy Donate Subscribe Share Tweet Print Email Quick Takes: What GOP Leadership Thinks About Trump’s Budget by Nancy LeTourneau March 16, 2017 6:05 PM Political Animal Blog Donate Subscribe Share Tweet Print Email * Of all the things I saw and read today about Trump’s budget, this is the one that struck me as the most significant: Senior aide to Hill GOP leadership on Trump/budget: 'its a joke…we've learned not to listen to anything he says or does. We're on our own' — Glenn Thrush (@GlennThrush) March 16, 2017 * This statement pretty much sums up the Trump administration’s position on climate change: Mulvaney: "We are not spending money on climate change anymore. We view it as a waste of your money." — Dan Primack (@danprimack) March 16, 2017 * Here’s something in Trump’s budget that hasn’t gotten the attention it deserves: President Donald Trump is calling for privatizing the nation’s air traffic control operations in his budget proposal, a top priority of the airline industry. The proposal says spinning off air traffic operations from the Federal Aviation Administration and placing them under an “independent, non-governmental organization” would make the system “more efficient and innovative while maintaining safety.” * Trump tries to pretend that his executive orders on lobbying are how he’s keeping his promise to drain the swamp. But who needs lobbyists when the entire administration is made up of swamp dwellers. Trump’s latest Goldman [Sachs] hire is Jim Donovan, a two-decade veteran of the Wall Street bank, who was nominated to the No. 2 position at the Treasury Department on Tuesday… This week, Trump also reassigned former Goldman Sachs partner Dina Powell to the more prominent role of deputy national security adviser for strategy… Donovan will join a handful of other Goldman alumnus in the Trump administration. Gary Cohn…Jay Clayton…Steve Bannon… * In other swamp news: President Trump on Thursday nominated a top Boeing executive to be the second-highest-ranking civilian at the Pentagon. Trump announced Patrick Shanahan’s nomination to be deputy Defense secretary… * At this point I’m not sure that it matters what Mike Huckabee thinks. But this tweet is the perfect example of the kind of advice you get from the confederate insurgency. Hoping @POTUS tells Hawaii judge what Andrew Jackson told overreaching court-"I'll ignore it and let the court enforce their order." — Gov. Mike Huckabee (@GovMikeHuckabee) March 15, 2017 * After diving into all that ugliness, I need to go to a different place. I don’t know where these ladies are headed, but I’m going to let them take me there. Nancy LeTourneau Nancy LeTourneau is a contributing writer for the Washington Monthly. Related Posts Quick Takes: We’d Like to Know What You Think! by Nancy LeTourneau March 22, 2017 6:04 PM * Please take this brief survey and tell us what you think of our website, and your reading ...read more Gage Skidmore/Wikimedia Commons Devin Nunes Intends to Obstruct Justice by Martin Longman March 22, 2017 4:00 PM The House Intelligence Chairman said he will go to the White House to share classified FBI ...read more iStock How Conservatives Are Dealing With the Cloud Over the Trump Administration by Nancy LeTourneau March 22, 2017 3:10 PM Denial appears to be the preferred elixir. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Most Popular Political Animal Blog An Era of Breathtaking Lies by Martin Longman March 21, 2017 12:08 PM Donald Trump and his administration have no regard for truth and honesty. Magazine Stanford’s Big Health Care Idea by Heather Boerner How an unconventional team of doctors figured out how to provide high-need university employees with better health care, for less money. Political Animal Blog Fred Trump and Roy Cohn: The Voices Inside Trump’s Head by Nancy LeTourneau March 22, 2017 10:12 AM The president can't shake the oppressive, domineering beliefs of his two biggest role models. Magazine How to Make the Electoral College Work for Everyone by Steve Silberstein The Constitution asks us to elect a president of the United States, but what we get is a president of Ohio and Florida. There’s an easy way to fix that. Political Animal Blog Maddow vs. the Madhouse by D.R. Tucker March 18, 2017 11:00 AM Imagine how much how much dumber cable news would be without her. Washington Monthly Newsletter Get email updates from the Washington Monthly. Sign Up Donate Subscribe Washington Monthly Newsletter Get email updates from the Washington Monthly. Sign Up The Magazine Group Current Issue Past Issues Group Political Animal Blog Politics 2016 College Guide and Rankings Economy Government Education K-12 Higher Education Law and Justice Health Care Books Group Republic 3.0 Special Reports Successes of Philanthropy Column 2 About Advertise Contact Careers Privacy Policy © 2017 Washington Monthly.
Search Newsweek Search form Search Search form Search U.S. World Business Tech & Science Culture Sports Opinion Subscribe To Newsweek This Week Edition Sign In Account Subscribe To Newsweek Subscribe To Newsweek $14.99 Print & Digital 3 Month Trial—Save 85% off cover $4.99 Digital Only 3 Month Trial—Save 45% off cover See All Subscription Options Subscribe To The Newsletter Please enter a valid email This Week Edition This Week's Edition March 24 The New Alamo Photos: Choking Down the Air in Delhi Visual Artist Julian Opie Is Heading East The New Alamo View All Features Change Your Edition US Europe Middle East Espa&ntildeol 日本 한국 Pakistan Polska Srbija Česká Republika Sign In Account Your Subscription You have days remaining on your subscription Renew Account Settings Sign Out Opinion Brilliant Immigrants Reveal America's True Greatness By Quora Contributor On 3/19/17 at 11:40 AM Close Opinion Immigration Donald Trump Quora Questions are part of a partnership between Newsweek and Quora, through which we'll be posting relevant and interesting answers from Quora contributors throughout the week. Read more about the partnership here. Answer from Aaron Yip, software engineer: With the turn of the 1900s, Germany was perfectly poised to become the greatest superpower in written history, one of the most industrialized nations at the time (next to UK and Argentina) paired with the biggest military for the following 50 years. The German empire and territories would soon give birth to an overwhelming portion of future Nobel Laureates and many of the greatest minds of the 20th century including Max Born, Hans Bethe, Alexander Grothendieck, Bernard Katz, Henry Kissinger, Madeleine Albright, Walter Kohn, Hans Adolf Krebs, Charles Proteus Steinmetz, and Albert Einstein. All of these people would be forced to flee the German empire. Where did they go? Well… The United States is universally renowned for its universities and industry giants today like Apple, Google, YouTube, WhatsApp, Instagram, Dropbox and Uber; as well as Sun Microsystems, Intel, Yahoo!, IBM all the way to Pfizer, Procter & Gamble, AT&T, Goldman Sachs, eBay, United States Steel, Ford, and General Electric. Albert Einstein, fleeing Germany, would find refuge at Princeton and change the world forever in many ways. On the eve of World War II, he penned a letter to President Franklin D. Roosevelt which would establish the Manhattan Project. There, future Nobel Laureates Hans Bethe and Enrico Fermi, refugees from Italy, ran the labs that invented the atomic bomb to end WW2 for the United States. Picture shows a German 55 euro cents special edition stamp commemorating the the 100th anniversary of the publication of late German-born physicist Albert Einstein's Theory of Relativity in Berlin June 15, 2005. Reuters Nobel Laureates With Immigrant Roots Abdul Fattah Jandali is a political migrant from Homs, a city now destroyed by the Syrian civil war. Jandali started university at the American University of Beirut, but protests ultimately forced him to flee Lebanon. He finished his degree at Colombia University in the U.S. and continued with an economics PhD at Wisconsin University. There he met and dated Joanne Carol Schieble, a German-Swiss Catholic. She became pregnant, and they placed their child for adoption in San Francisco. The couple that adopted their baby named him Steve Jobs. In the late 1960s, Michael and Eugenia Brin left the USSR to escape anti-Semitism with their son. Michael Brin became a professor at the University of Maryland, and Eugenia Brin became a research scientist at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center. Their son, Sergey Brin, received a NSF fellowship that took him to Stanford University. He met Larry Page; the duo became fast friends and transformed information technology. Google was born with an investment of $100,000 by Stanford alum and Sun Microsystems co-founder Andy Bechtolsheim, a German immigrant. Steve Chen, born in Taiwan, founded YouTube. Jan Koum from Ukraine founded WhatsApp. Brazilian Mike Krieger founded Instagram. Arash Ferdowsi, Dropbox founder, is an Iranian-American. Travis Kalanick, Uber founder, was born to Polish and Russian Jewish immigrants. Andrew Grove, born in Hungary, founded Intel. Jerry Yang from Taiwan founded Yahoo, Herman Hollerith from Germany founded IBM and Charles Pfizer and Charles Erhart from Germany founded Pfizer. AT&T? Alexander Graham Bell from Scotland; P&G? William Procter from England and James Gamble from Ireland; Goldman Sachs? Marcus Goldman from Germany. Pierre Omidyar, France, founded eBay. Scottish American Andrew Carnegie founded US Steel as well as Carnegie Mellon University. Irishman William Ford and Mary Ford, daughter to Belgian immigrants, raised Henry Ford who in turn founded the Industrial Revolution, automobiles, and the Ford Motor Company. General Electric's Thomas Edison was born to a Canadian father. Walt Disney, Amazon, Boeing, Citigroup, Kroger, Costco, Home Depot, Walgreen, State Farm Insurance, Lockheed Martin, Oracle, McDonalds — the list goes on and on and on. Fortune 500 Companies With Immigrant Roots These companies employ more than 19 million people globally with combined revenues of $4.8 trillion (2014) for the United States. This figure exceeds the GDP of every country in the world except the U.S., China, and Japan. Immigrants are twice as likely to start a new business than non-immigrants. Seven of the 10 most valuable brands in the world come from American companies founded by immigrants or children of immigrants. A Luo boy was born on the shores of Lake Victoria outside Kendu Bay, British Kenya in 1936. As he grew up, he traveled widely — visiting Europe, India and Zanzibar — and became a cook for missionaries and a local herbalist in Nairobi. In 1960, he attended the University of Hawaii where he met and dated Stanley Ann Dunham, an American woman. Their son, Barack Obama, would become the seventh US president with immigrant parents—a lineage that includes Thomas Jefferson. Stanford Professor Maryam Mirzakhani was born in Iran in 1977. Twenty-two years later, she started her PhD at Harvard University. At 37, she became the first woman to win the Fields Medal—the highest honor in mathematics—putting her in a very small circle that includes Terence Tao, an Australian-American mathematician. Harvard Professor Pardis Sabeti was born in Iran in 1975 and left before the Iranian Revolution. Sabeti pioneering the use of genetic sequencing to track and monitor Ebola during its 2014 outbreak; she established critical measures to control the virus and prevent future epidemics. For 36 years, Iranian-American Firouz Naderi served the U.S. government at NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory. There, he led the deployments of the Spirit and Opportunity rovers to Mars. For his contributions to advancing space exploration, Naderi received NASA's highest honor—the Distinguished Service Medal. SpaceX and Tesla founder Elon Musk. Reuters South African Elon Musk builds on the Martian dream with his work at SpaceX. In his biography, answering why he choose to move to the U.S., Musk says, "The United States is definitely ahead in culture of innovation. If someone wants to accomplish great things, there is no better place than the U.S.” This is absolutely correct. But let us imagine a slightly different world. A world where Maryam Mirzakhani and Pardis Sabeti are Canadian Professors; where Apple and Google are Canadian companies; where Carnegie Mellon University and the Industrial Revolution were founded in Canada; and so were YouTube, WhatsApp, Instagram, Dropbox, Uber, Sun Microsystems, Intel, Yahoo!, IBM, Pfizer, Procter & Gamble, AT&T, Goldman Sachs, eBay, Boeing, Citigroup, Kroger, Costco, Home Depot, Walgreen, State Farm Insurance, Lockheed Martin, Walt Disney, Oracle, Amazon, McDonalds, and innumerable other companies. Imagine Satya Nadella, Sundar Pichai, and Vinod Khosla running Canadian internet giants. For our entire history, our country has been defined by welcoming when other nations oppressed. The most American thing is unconditional love — love that ended wars; love that helped build everything from YouTube and Instagram to McDonalds and Disney; love that uncovered new laws of physics, advanced the frontiers of space, and saved countless millions of lives on earth. The most American thing ever is exclaiming boldly and unyieldingly, "Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free; the wretched refuse of your teeming shore. Send these, the homeless, tempest-tost to me.” Those were the greatest minds of the last century who came and helped transform America into the global center of innovation from technology and politics to sciences and the arts. That is our American brand. That is true greatness. Let’s make America great again. What is the most American thing ever? originally appeared on Quora—the place to gain and share knowledge, empowering people to learn from others and better understand the world. You can follow Quora on Twitter, Facebook, and Google+. More questions: Culture of the United States of America: What are some common American customs that are seen as offensive in other countries? Immigration: What is it like being the child of immigrants? Trump Immigration Ban Order and Fallout: Do you agree with Trump's temporary ban on refugees? Request Reprint or Submit Correction Join the Discussion Most Read Most Read Related Stories A History of Steve King's Anti-Immigrant Rhetoric The New Alamo Trump Dumps Due Process to Target All Immigrants © 2017 Newsweek LLC Please enter a valid email About Us Corrections Contact Us IBT Media Careers Advertise Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Archive Recent Issues Subscribe March 17 Issue How the 'Green Book' Saved Black Lives on the Road What Trump Can Push Through Congress Kim Jong Un and the Looming Nuclear Crisis March 10 Issue Life Inside Alabama's Sadistic Christian Bootcamp Restaurant Review: Facebook’s Full Circle Cafe How Donald Trump Is Fueling ISIS March 03 Issue The Case of the Missing ‘Knight Rider’ Cars Peter Thiel Will Pay You to Drop Out of College The Race to Save Jewish Heritage in the Middle East February 24 Issue The New Offensive on Alzheimer’s Disease Manzanar, a History Lesson for Trump's Extreme Vetting The Scorecard That Makes it Easier to Fight Ebola Browse Archives
March 23, 2017 Search for: Home News Archive Launch Schedule Mission Reports Antares Ariane 5 Atlas 5 Delta 4 Falcon 9 H-2A Soyuz Space Station Subscribe Members Astronomy Now Store Breaking News [ March 22, 2017 ] Rosetta’s comet shows scars from swing through inner solar system News [ March 20, 2017 ] Ariane 5 launch pushed back to Wednesday by labor strikes in Kourou Ariane 5 [ March 20, 2017 ] Europe’s ExoMars spacecraft begins lowering its orbit News [ March 19, 2017 ] Photos: Additional shots of successful Delta 4 rocket launch Delta 4 [ March 19, 2017 ] SpaceX’s Dragon supply carrier wraps up 10th mission to space station Mission Reports Twitter Facebook SpaceX’s Dragon supply carrier wraps up 10th mission to space station March 19, 2017 Stephen Clark Updated at 1:40 p.m. EDT (1740 GMT) with image and splashdown time. SpaceX’s Dragon capsule descends under parachutes toward the Pacific Ocean early Sunday. Credit: SpaceX SpaceX’s Dragon cargo craft ended a four-week mission Sunday with a parachute-assisted splashdown in the Pacific Ocean, returning from the International Space Station with more than 3,600 pounds of cargo, blood and urine samples, and specimens from a rodent research experiment aimed at helping patients with catastrophic bone injuries and osteoporosis. Flying northwest to southeast over the Pacific Ocean, the 12-foot-wide (3.7-meter) automated spaceship streaked through the upper atmosphere, its carbon ablative heat shield weathering temperatures up to 3,000 degrees Fahrenheit (1,650 degrees Celsius). Two drogue parachutes deployed to stabilize the descending ship, then three orange and white main parachutes, each stretching 116 feet (35 meters) in diameter, unfurled to slow the spacecraft to a gentle splashdown speed. The capsule was scheduled to reach the Pacific Ocean around 200 miles southwest of Long Beach, California, at 10:46 a.m. EDT (1446 GMT; 7:46 a.m. PDT), where a small SpaceX recovery crew was on standby to hoist the spacecraft on a vessel for the trip back to the Port of Los Angeles. Once Dragon is back in California, SpaceX will hand over time-sensitive samples to NASA for delivery to science teams around the world. The items inside Dragon’s pressurized compartment include tissue from mice euthanized in orbit. Researchers sent 40 mice into space on Dragon to examine how bone fractures heal in the absence of gravity, and search for the biological reasons why most animals, including humans, cannot regrow lost limbs. “We’re trying to understand what happens in the body as the bones start healing,” said Rasha Hammamieh, the rodent research project’s chief scientist from the U.S. Army Center for Environmental Health Research. The military is co-sponsoring the bone health experiment, with an eye toward learning lessons that could be applied to helping injured soldiers recover from catastrophic bone injuries. There are also implications for civilians, such as elderly patients with osteoporosis. “Up in space, you lose bone,” said Melissa Kacena, co-investigator for the bone experiment and an associate professor of orthopedic surgery, anatomy and cell biology, and biomedical engineering at Indiana University. “In fact, astronauts lose about 1 to 3 percent of their bone density in a month. Someone with advanced osteoporosis loses closer to 1 percent per year.” Kacena added that scientists want to test drugs on rodents that might be able to “rebuild your bone systematically, so it could have applications not only for bone healing, but also for osteoporosis.” Bacterial and stem cell researchers also had a stake in Dragon’s nearly month-long mission. “We are excited to put MRSA, which is a superbug, on the International Space Station and investigate the effects of microgravity on the growth and mutation patterns of these bugs,” said Anita Goel, chairman and science director of Nanobiosym, which developed the experiment with the Center for the Advancement of Science in Space. “I have this hypothesis that microgravity will accelerate the mutation patterns,” Goel said before Dragon’s Feb. 19 launch. “If we can use microgravity as an accelerator to fast forward and get a sneak preview of what these mutations will look like, then we can esssentially build smarter drugs back on Earth.” A science team led by a Mayo Clinic biologist sent human adult stem cells to the space station, pursuing research that could help transplant patients and stroke victims. Materials from the stem cell experiment, which will also help researchers learn how human cancers start and spread, also came back to Earth. SpaceX’s Dragon spacecraft is the only vehicle currently capable of returning large amounts of cargo from the space station to Earth intact. The Dragon supply ship is seen just before release Sunday from the International Space Station’s robotic arm. Credit: NASA/ESA/Thomas Pesquet The station crew packed 3,642 pounds (1,652 kilograms) of cargo and research samples inside Dragon’s internal cabin for re-entry, according to a NASA spokesperson. The items included 2,034.9 pounds (923 kilograms) of science equipment, 825.2 pounds (374.3 kilograms) of vehicle hardware, 279.5 pounds (126.8 kilograms) of crew supplies, 228.6 pounds (103.7 kilograms) of miscellaneous spacewalking gear, and 9 pounds (4.1 kilograms) of computer resources. Several items were loaded into the Dragon capsule’s trunk for disposal during its destructure re-entry, including disused hardware from NASA’s Robotic Refueling Mission, an experiment that tested technologies and techniques for future satellite servicing missions. Other gear tagged for disposal include OPALS, an external payload developed by NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory, which arrived at the station in April 2014 and tested a high-speed laser communications link between the space station and ground stations on Earth. Another package that was fixed outside the space station discarded Sunday was one in a series of Materials on International Space Station Experiments, or MISSE payloads, that tested the radiation tolerance of a new computer system built for long-duration spaceflight. The unpressurized cargo complement that burned up inside Dragon’s trunk on re-entry accounted for around 1,788 pounds (811 kilograms). Dragon’s total cargo load at departure was approximately 5,430 pounds (2,463 kilograms). The Dragon capsule will go to SpaceX’s test facility in Central Texas for inspections, decommissioning and potential refurbishment for another flight. Sunday’s splashdown concluded the 10th visit of a SpaceX Dragon capsule to the space station since May 2012, and the first Dragon flight of the year. The mission launched Feb. 19 atop a Falcon 9 rocket from pad 39A at NASA’s Kennedy Space Center in Florida, and reached the space station four days later. Astronauts Thomas Pesquet and Shane Kimbrough oversaw the ship’s departure from the complex earlier Sunday, sending the command to release Dragon from the station’s robotic arm at 5:11 a.m. EDT (0911 GMT). Ground controllers at mission control in Houston took control of the Canadian-built robotic arm Saturday to detach Dragon from its temporary berthing port on the research lab’s Harmony module, taking the opportunity to use the cargo craft’s laser navigation sensor and thermal camera to inspect and test a docking adapter installed last year that will eventually be the parking spot for commercial crew carriers in development by Boeing and SpaceX. The SpaceX Dragon cargo craft is pictured during a night pass, with its navigation and strobe lights switched on, just before departing the space station Sunday. Credit: NASA/ESA/Thomas Pesquet Once Dragon was released from the robot arm, the spacecraft conducted three firings of its Draco thrusters to depart the vicinity of the space station. “Houston, it looks like it’s time to say goodbye to Dragon,” Pesquet said. “There’s a part of us that will come back to down to Earth with her, and I mean that literally because it carries lots of important scientific samples, and some obtained directly from the crew. “I know scientists can’t wait to get their hands on their results, and thanks to return vehicles like Dragon, the ISS is able to fulfill its mission of science and discovery,” Pesquet said. “From all the crew of Expedition 50, many thanks and congratulations to all the teams involved in this CRS-10 mission.” Michael Hopkins, an astronaut servicing as spacecraft communicator in mission control in Houston, replied: “Thanks for those words, Thomas, and congratulations to the crew as well. You guys did a fantastic job, as well, always staying ahead of the timeline, and it’s going to be great to get Dragon back on Earth.” Dragon’s Draco thrusters fired again around 10 a.m. EDT (1400 GMT) to slow its velocity for re-entry, and the spacecraft jettisoned its disposable unpressurized trunk section minutes later, discarding the three external payloads at the ends of their missions. The next Dragon resupply mission under SpaceX’s multibillion-dollar contract with NASA is expected to launch no earlier than May, flying with a previously-used pressure shell for the first time. SpaceX’s two cargo contracts with the space agency cover at least 26 logistics deliveries through 2024. Meanwhile, NASA’s other commercial resupply contractor, Orbital ATK, is set to launch its next Cygnus cargo craft to the space station Thursday or Friday from Cape Canaveral aboard a United Launch Alliance Atlas 5 booster. Email the author. Follow Stephen Clark on Twitter: @StephenClark1. Dragon Expedition 50 International Space Station ISS Cargo MISSE OPALS Robotic Refueling Mission Rodent Research Shane Kimbrough SpaceX SpaceX-10 Splashdown Thomas Pesquet Related Articles Atlas 5 Atlas 5/Cygnus post-launch news conference December 7, 2015 Mission Reports Space station module moved to clear path for cargo ships May 28, 2015 Falcon 9 SpaceX to forgo booster recovery on Wednesday’s launch February 11, 2015 News Headlines Rosetta’s comet shows scars from swing through inner solar system March 22, 2017 Ariane 5 launch pushed back to Wednesday by labor strikes in Kourou March 20, 2017 Europe’s ExoMars spacecraft begins lowering its orbit March 20, 2017 Photos: Additional shots of successful Delta 4 rocket launch March 19, 2017 SpaceX’s Dragon supply carrier wraps up 10th mission to space station March 19, 2017 Home News Archive Launch Schedule Mission Reports Antares Ariane 5 Atlas 5 Delta 4 Falcon 9 H-2A Soyuz Space Station Subscribe Members Astronomy Now Store © 1999-2017 Spaceflight Now Inc. Do NOT follow this link or you will be banned from the site!
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 March 2017 by Military News Dream Chaser at Edwards Air Force Base Sierra Nevada Corporation delivered on January 25, 2017 prototype of their spaceplane Dream Chaser to Edwards Air Force Base in California. It is in fact return – previous test on airfield like towing and first landing after deploying from helicopter Dream Chaser performed at Edwards Air Force Base. Now after another 4 years, spaceplane returned to perform series of flights under another program by NASA – second edition of Commercial Resupply Services Program. Dream Chaser was chosen along with CST-100 by Boeing and manned version of Dragon spacecraft offered by SpaceX. To remind, tests performed in 2013 were performed under under NASA Commercial Crew Development program from which Dream Chaser was rejected in later phase. First flight tests planned for Spring 2017 will be done again after delivering Dream Chaser to certain altitude by cargo helicopter and deploying to one minute controlled flight. Dream Chaser will perform landing on own wheels at Edwards airfield. After successful tests and confirming that Dream Chaser is able to perform stable, fully controlled flight, Sierra Nevada will finalize project and manufacture first cargo version of Dream Chaser in 2019. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAir Force, base, Boeing, crew, CST-100, Dream Chaser, Edwards AFB, force, Google News, NASA, satPRnews, Sierra Nevada, Sierra Nevada Corporation, spacecraft, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Hacked By Shade Next PostNext First commercial airlock for ISS Search Recent Posts World Meteorological Day celebrates importance of clouds for weather, climate and water IIROC Trade Resumption / L’OCRCVM permet la reprise de la negociation – IMM Atossa Genetics Opens Enrollment in Study of Endoxifen How the U.S. Keeps Herbal Dietary Supplements Safe Patriot One Announces Evaluation and Purchase Agreement with Iconic Las Vegas Property Business Contacts A Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 March 2017 by Military News Spacecom starts using AsiaSat-8 Business as usual – this motto shows how Spacecom is trying to deal with lack of their latest communications satellite which burned on the top of exploding Falcon-9 rocket on September 1, 2016. Under agreement signed in December 2016, Spacecom started to offer their services via satellite hired from Asiasat. In this way company is going to fill the gap after loss of Amos-6 and lost Amos-5 which turned off in November 2015. Hard times for Spacecom started in 2015 and already resulted with prolonged negotiations regarding selling Company to Chinese investors. Spacecom is trying to do their best and keep Company in good condition – in December 2016 Spacecom signed agreement with Boeing, which covers purchase of new satellite which will replace Amos-6. Worth $161 million contract covers Amos-17 satellite which will be ready in 2019. Amos-6, which was designed to cover with range Africa, Europe and the Middle East still remains without replacement. AsiaSat-8 will be moved from current position at 105.5 degrees east, 4 degrees west where it will start to support Amos-3 and cover with its range  Africa, Europe and the Middle East. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, Google News, rocket, satellite, satPRnews, Space, Spacecom, Telecommunications, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious First reboost of International Space Station in 2017 Next PostNext Dragon docked to International Space Station Search Recent Posts World Meteorological Day celebrates importance of clouds for weather, climate and water IIROC Trade Resumption / L’OCRCVM permet la reprise de la negociation – IMM Atossa Genetics Opens Enrollment in Study of Endoxifen How the U.S. Keeps Herbal Dietary Supplements Safe Patriot One Announces Evaluation and Purchase Agreement with Iconic Las Vegas Property Business Contacts A Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump ObamaCare Sunday shows SPONSORED: The Latino Economy Just In... What the GOP’s plan to kill essential health benefits means Healthcare — 6m 44s ago Tillerson to embassies: ID groups for tougher screening Administration — 11m 10s ago Democrats can either help solve healthcare challenges or stew in their partisanship Contributors — 11m 38s ago Israeli police arrest suspect in connection to JCC bomb threats News — 19m 1s ago Women’s group report: Fox News website best for gender parity Media — 37m 7s ago ISIS: London attacker a 'soldier of the Islamic State' International — 37m 20s ago Dem rep: Nunes ‘betrayed’ Intelligence panel’s independence House — 39m 30s ago Jessica Chastain hopes new Holocaust film teaches Trump 'compassion' In The Know — 50m 6s ago view all   Pro-border tax group launches TV ad By Naomi Jagoda - 03/19/17 10:00 AM EDT 1   A coalition of businesses that back the House GOP's border-adjustment tax proposal is launching its first television ad. The commercial, from the American Made Coalition, is airing on NBC’s “Meet the Press” on Sunday and will appear on cable news channels in the D.C. metropolitan area and several states through April 9. The ad will also run online, according to a coalition spokesman. The ad is the latest example of advocacy efforts on the border-adjustment proposal, which has divided GOP lawmakers and businesses. The proposal, part of the House GOP tax-reform blueprint, would subject imports to U.S. taxes and exempt exports. ADVERTISEMENT Supporters argue that the border tax would level the playing field for American-made products, while opponents argue that it would lead to consumers paying higher prices for goods. Senate Republicans are looking at alternatives to border adjustability, because a growing number of senators have raised concerns about the provision. The ad from the American Made Coalition — which includes Boeing, GE and Merck — references the conservative-leaning Tax Foundation’s estimate that the House GOP tax blueprint would lead to 1.7 million more jobs. The commercial starts with images of lights going out in a factory while somber music plays, and the end of the ad shows lights being turned on. “For years, lights have been turned out in American factories. Lights that likely won't be turned on again,” text displayed in the ad states. “Because of old tax policies, our country has lost millions of American jobs. Stop favoring foreign-made imports over American-made goods. Support tax reform and create 1.7 million new American jobs.” Groups that oppose the border-adjustment proposal have also been running TV ads. Late last month, the National Retail Federation launched an infomercial-parody ad that has aired on “Fox and Friends” and “Saturday Night Live.” The Club for Growth, a free-market group, has run an ad urging Rep. Kristi Noem (R-S.D.) to oppose the proposal.   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Top Dem calls for investigation... Rep. Elijah Cummings (D-Md.) on Thursday called for an investigation into... 2,813 Shares 2 Freedom Caucus, Trump reach '... Freedom Caucus Chairman Mark Meadows (R-N.C.) said Wednesday night he and... 847 Shares 3 Intelligence chairman sparks storm... In an extraordinary move, the chairman of the House panel investigating... 817 Shares 4 Trump dismisses risk of falsehoods... "Hey look, in the mean time, I guess, I can’t be doing so badly, because I... 797 Shares 5 McCain: Congress doesn't have '... Congress no longer has the credibility to independently tackle a probe of... 666 Shares 6 Healthcare fight pits Trump... The battle on the right over the GOP’s ObamaCare repeal-and-replace... 460 Shares 7 Schiff: I have 'grave concerns'... The top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee said Wednesday that... 350 Shares 8 High drama for ObamaCare vote President Trump and GOP leaders are pulling out all the stops to win over... 304 Shares 9 FBI has info suggesting... The FBI has information suggesting that associates of President Trump may... 295 Shares 10 Trump defends several... President Trump appeared to double down on several unsubstantiated claims... 270 Shares 11 White House distances Trump from... The White House on Wednesday rushed to distance itself from President... 250 Shares 12 US probes Manafort’s banking:... The Treasury Department has obtained information as part of an anti-... 205 Shares 13 McCain: Nunes actions 'very... Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) on Thursday said House Intelligence Chairman... 201 Shares 14 The Hill's Whip List: Where... Assuming all Democrats vote against the legislation, GOP leaders cannot... 195 Shares 15 Obama and Trump haven’t talked... Lines of communication between President Trump and former President Barack... 167 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News World Saudi Arabia's billionaire king is on a lavish Asian adventure — here's what he's spending his money on His essentials include plenty of limousines and far too many golden escalators Tom Murray, Business Insider Sunday 19 March 2017 12:26 GMT Click to follow The Independent Online King Salman descends on one of his golden escalators from a plane AFP Saudi Arabia's King Salman bin Abdulaziz al Saud, who has an estimated net worth of over $17 billion (£13.8 billion), is not one for subtlety. He's currently on a lavish tour of Asia, and has arrived in every country on his itinerary — most recently China — on a golden escalator from his personal plane. He also isn't travelling alone — when he landed in Indonesia, he was joined by an entourage of 620 staff and a further 800 delegates. The pomp and pageantry on display during the tour has caught the world media's attention — and not for the first time. In 2015, he and his 1,000-person entourage caused the closure of a French Riviera beach for three days. Salman's group poured concrete on the beach to install an elevator directly on the sand. The King's most recent trip has lived up to his reputation. Scroll down to see the various extravagant things he's spent his money on while on his Asian adventure. 500 limousines King Salman flew two Mercedes-Benz S600 limousines with him on his trip. You may be thinking: "But what limousines will his entourage travel in?" Don't worry, the Saudi King had 500 limousines ordered into Tokyo to ferry him and his crew around the capital. 1,200 hotel rooms Bad news for luxury travellers in Tokyo at the time of King Salman's visit — they may have struggled to find a spare room. The King booked a reported 1,200 hotel rooms at Tokyo's top hotels to accommodate his staff and delegates. Two golden escalators Because one is never enough. A Lockheed C-130 Hercules How do you transport a pair of golden escalators? You take your military transport aircraft, of course. The Hercules is designed to haul tanks, artillery, and paratroopers over long distances — it can even fly with one engine. In the Saudi King's arsenal, though, it is reportedly used to carry his nearly 500 tonnes of luggage — limousines and escalators included. 100 bodyguards King Salman's 1,500-strong squad includes 25 princes, 10 ministers, and over 100 security personnel. The retinue have a combined net worth in the multi-billions. Six Boeing passenger jets In order to transport the King's entourage of 1,500 people, six Boeing passenger jets were chartered for the trip — including his personal 747, painted in gold. 459 tonnes of luggage The airfreight firm charged with the colossal task of handling the King's luggage said that 63 tonnes of his cargo were unloaded at Jakarta, and the rest were taken with him to his holiday destination in Bali. It's unclear what luxury items are included in King Salman's luggage — besides the escalators and limousines— but there's only so many Fabergé eggs you can fit in a suitcase. • Here are the ages you peak at everything throughout life • The 10 best airports in the world • 34 movies to watch in your 20s Read the original article on Business Insider UK. © 2016. Follow Business Insider UK on Twitter. More about: Saudi Arabia Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH  • Science •  Technology Computer Industry Internet Automotive One News Page > Science > ULA launches eighth Wideband Global SATCOM satellite ULA launches eighth Wideband Global SATCOM satellite Sunday, 11 December 2016 Cape Canaveral, Fla. (UPI) Dec 8, 2016 United Launch Alliance successfully launched the eighth installment of the Wideband Global SATCOM satellite constellation for the U.S. Air Force. The launch, conducted by the joint venture between Lockheed Martin and Boeing, support's the Air Force's mission of bolstering communication services for every U.S. military branch. The Wideband Global SATCOM, or WSG, also provides high-capaci » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Source: News unlimited - on December 7, 2016< > Embed Watch: ISRO launches PSLV-C36 rocket carrying remote sensing satellite RESOURCESAT-2A 00:42 Sriharikota, Dec 07 (ANI): The Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) launched PSLV-C36 rocket carrying remote sensing satellite RESOURCESAT-2A at 10:24 hrs (IST) on Wednesday. The Space agency launched the satellite from the First Launch Pad (FLP) at Satish Dhawan Space Centre SHAR, Sriharikota.... Recent related news Sky and Space Global signs new deal ahead of nano-satellite launchSky and Space Global (ASX:SAS) has signed a non-binding agreement with Globalsat Group LLC to provide Sky and Space’s satellite services to Globalsat’s... Proactive Investors 6 days ago - BusinessAlso reported by •bizjournals •BGR India Elon Musk’s SpaceX finally launches EchoStar 23 communications satelliteSpaceX on Thursday launched the EchoStar 23 communications satellite after high winds delayed a previous attempt. The launch took place at the historic Launch... BGR India 3 days ago - TechnologyAlso reported by •bizjournals You Might Like Other recent news in Science Rock and roll legend CHUCK BERRY dies PARIS ORLY AIRPORT Attacker Said he Wanted ‘to Die for Allah’ Pence Campaigns for Republicans' Health CARE PLAN Boxing - GOLOVKIN edges Jacobs by decision to defend titles Resurgent IRELAND deny England rugby grand slam PUJARA, Saha frustrate Australia as India close on lead BRAZIL Sees Largest Yellow Fever Outbreak in Years Erdogan sees TURKEY parliament restoring capital punishment SPACEX&#039;s Dragon cargo spacecraft all set to leave space station on Sunday! Report: KELLYANNE CONWAY’s Husband Chosen for Justice Post Twitter Facebook Page People Donald Trump Chuck Berry Ryan Reynolds Jake Gyllenhaal Roger Federer Current Topics Karachi Parking South Korea Analysis Paris Orly Airport Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories Disney Removes Movie From Malaysia In Defense Of Gay Character Pokemon GO Is Still GOing - And There's Legendary Changes Due A Trump Tax Return Has Been Revealed - But What Does It Tell Us? One News Page Joins The European Cloud Alliance Which Pop Superstar Is Set To Pop Up In Game Of Thrones? MOVIE REVIEW: Fist Fight Could Marine Le Pen Still Win The French Election? MOVIE REVIEW: Kong: Skull Island Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
News Sports Business Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com People March 19, 2017 3:03 AM Love of aviation takes off for first-time fliers By ANDY FILLMORE Ocala Star-Banner LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story OCALA, Fla. Caroline Morris was giggling so hard the 8-year-old could barely tell people how she felt about her first airplane flight at the Girls Fly event March 11 at Ocala International Airport. "It was scary but awesome," Caroline managed to get out between laughs as local pilot and aviation writer Judie Betz helped unfasten the first-time flier's safety harness and earphones following a 15-minute introductory flight. The flight reached an altitude of 2,000 feet and a cruising speed of about 120 mph. Caroline got to take the controls and turn the aircraft. "I saw trees and beautiful houses," Caroline said. She was at the event with her mother Carolyn and sister Victoria, 17. The family lives in Summerfield. Caroline loved it so much she said she would definitely go flying again. Betz, a pilot for 30 years, was one of several pilots providing the introductory flights. Betz flew her pink plane named "Bella Rose," which is painted with flowers. The annual event, which is offered by the Women of Aviation Worldwide during Women in Aviation Week, is aimed at encouraging girls in the sport and business of aviation. It included a ground-instruction class on aircraft fundamentals, a tour of the airport control tower and seminars by women involved in different aspects of aviation. Women in Aviation week is observed in March when the first woman received a private pilot's license in 1910, according to Carol Ann Garratt, 62, who has made three flights around the world in her Mooney airplane. Garratt, an invited presenter who conducted several of the programs, said only about 6 percent of people involved in aviation are women. The programs' message is "you can do it," Garratt said. The introductory flight for participants are organized by the Experimental Airplane Association's local chapter 812. According to Warren Levin with the EAA chapter, 23 girls in the Young Eagles program were set to take introductory flights and receive a Log Book that contains information on financial support for a ground school. EAA chapter president Bob Law said information about aviation scholarships is also available at Young Eagles.org. Trinity Catholic High School senior Alexandra Sexton — a 17-year-old who earned her private pilot's license in November 2016 — conducted several of the programs. On March 11, she talked about aircraft operation fundamentals, pointing out the flaps, rudder and other controls on an airplane in a hangar. Alexandra, who told the group to "never stop learning," is the first student in the TCHS aeronautical science classes backed by Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University to attain her private pilot's license. Embry-Riddle adjunct professor John Edsall said about 33 percent of students in his classes at TCHS are female. Alexandra's sister, Charlene, 15, enjoyed an introductory flight and thinks her sister is "pretty cool." Charlotte McGillicuddy of Williston attended with her daughters, Courtney, 17, Amber, 12, and family friend Elizabeth, 12. Courtney said she sees flying as "less scary than driving." Remi Gray of Jacksonville accompanied her daughters Ayanna, 13, and Amaya, 11. The three were part of a group that took a tour of the 90-foot-tall control tower. Eric Park with airport operations led the group to the top where 360-degree windows provide panoramic views. Ground controller Paul Ragan told the visitors that the airport's air space extends up to 1,500 feet and covers a 4-mile-diameter circle and that controllers work the tower form 7 a.m. to 8 p.m. At a closing seminar, several women shared their aviation experiences with the group. Garratt spoke of a "shortage of pilots" and encouraged the students to reach out for ground- and flight-training scholarships Retired airline captain Ann Edmonson, 66, of the Spruce Creek fly-in community near Daytona, told the group she began flying at age 38 and has flown such jet aircraft as Boeing 747s and Airbus 330s. Edmonson, a former Delta Airlines captain, flew a Boeing 767 for about four years during her 25-year-plus commercial flying career, which ranged from flying cargo including livestock to making international flights to South America, Europe and Asia. Caroline Rimes, 21, of Lake Butler, who has earned her private pilot's license and plans to become a commercial pilot, told the participants to "have confidence in themselves." Aircraft mechanic Daniella Radyvonyuk, 23, said she worked on aircraft engines and now installs electronic equipment in planes. She said that as she progressed in the profession she had a simple reply whenever male co-workers challenged her with a repair job. "I will fix it," she said. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story People Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:20 Guerrilla artist: A Colombian rebel and painter emerges from the jungle Pause 0:42 An off-duty cop went unconscious in a drive-thru. He jumped though the window to help. 2:17 Spoonbills indicator for health of Florida Bay 0:51 Researchers tag and release Weimar, a mature male tiger shark 1:44 Gorsuch is an Originalist. What’s That? 2:29 Miami Heat's Whiteside talks about hand injury 2:42 Miami Dolphins coach Adam Gase meets the press at combine 1:06 FHP trooper critically hurt in Dolphin Expressway accident 1:42 Biden rallies Democrats on anniversary of Affordable Care Act 0:50 Manhunt for suspect closes Hialeah streets Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 2 days ago Wyclef Jean being handcuffed by Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department 0:59 2 days ago Wyclef Jean being handcuffed by Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department 1:33 14 days ago Interview with reggaeton-pop singer Maluma 1:02 15 days ago Actor Faizon Love arrested after airport altercation View more video About Madeleine Marr @madeleinemarr Follow @madeleinemarr Former fashion and food writer Madeleine Marr joined the Miami Herald in 2003. The native New Yorker's celebrity coverage includes features, interviews, events, red carpets, premieres, award ceremonies, style, news and gossip in the South Florida area and beyond. People Ear plugs, please: When Ultra is in your back yard After closing his SoBe practice, celebrity plastic surgeon living a less stressful life Who gets dead politico’s Maserati? Miami court to decide Venus Williams plays DJ at foodie event in Miami Hip-hop star Wyclef Jean, handcuffed by LA cops, seeks racial profiling investigation Entertainment Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contests Events Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Place A Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Manage Subscriptions March 23, 2017 61° Dothan, AL (36303) Today Overcast. High near 75F. Winds E at 10 to 20 mph.. Tonight Cloudy skies this evening will become partly cloudy after midnight. Low near 55F. Winds ESE at 10 to 15 mph. Updated: March 23, 2017 @ 8:06 am Full Forecast Toggle navigation Contests Events Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Place A Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local AP Love of aviation takes off for first-time fliers By ANDY FILLMORE Ocala Star-Banner Mar 19, 2017 (…) OCALA, Fla. (AP) — Caroline Morris was giggling so hard the 8-year-old could barely tell people how she felt about her first airplane flight at the Girls Fly event March 11 at Ocala International Airport. "It was scary but awesome," Caroline managed to get out between laughs as local pilot and aviation writer Judie Betz helped unfasten the first-time flier's safety harness and earphones following a 15-minute introductory flight. The flight reached an altitude of 2,000 feet and a cruising speed of about 120 mph. Caroline got to take the controls and turn the aircraft. "I saw trees and beautiful houses," Caroline said. She was at the event with her mother Carolyn and sister Victoria, 17. The family lives in Summerfield. Caroline loved it so much she said she would definitely go flying again. Betz, a pilot for 30 years, was one of several pilots providing the introductory flights. Betz flew her pink plane named "Bella Rose," which is painted with flowers. The annual event, which is offered by the Women of Aviation Worldwide during Women in Aviation Week, is aimed at encouraging girls in the sport and business of aviation. It included a ground-instruction class on aircraft fundamentals, a tour of the airport control tower and seminars by women involved in different aspects of aviation. Women in Aviation week is observed in March when the first woman received a private pilot's license in 1910, according to Carol Ann Garratt, 62, who has made three flights around the world in her Mooney airplane. Garratt, an invited presenter who conducted several of the programs, said only about 6 percent of people involved in aviation are women. The programs' message is "you can do it," Garratt said. The introductory flight for participants are organized by the Experimental Airplane Association's local chapter 812. According to Warren Levin with the EAA chapter, 23 girls in the Young Eagles program were set to take introductory flights and receive a Log Book that contains information on financial support for a ground school. EAA chapter president Bob Law said information about aviation scholarships is also available at Young Eagles.org. Trinity Catholic High School senior Alexandra Sexton — a 17-year-old who earned her private pilot's license in November 2016 — conducted several of the programs. On March 11, she talked about aircraft operation fundamentals, pointing out the flaps, rudder and other controls on an airplane in a hangar. Alexandra, who told the group to "never stop learning," is the first student in the TCHS aeronautical science classes backed by Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University to attain her private pilot's license. Embry-Riddle adjunct professor John Edsall said about 33 percent of students in his classes at TCHS are female. Alexandra's sister, Charlene, 15, enjoyed an introductory flight and thinks her sister is "pretty cool." Charlotte McGillicuddy of Williston attended with her daughters, Courtney, 17, Amber, 12, and family friend Elizabeth, 12. Courtney said she sees flying as "less scary than driving." Remi Gray of Jacksonville accompanied her daughters Ayanna, 13, and Amaya, 11. The three were part of a group that took a tour of the 90-foot-tall control tower. Eric Park with airport operations led the group to the top where 360-degree windows provide panoramic views. Ground controller Paul Ragan told the visitors that the airport's air space extends up to 1,500 feet and covers a 4-mile-diameter circle and that controllers work the tower form 7 a.m. to 8 p.m. At a closing seminar, several women shared their aviation experiences with the group. Garratt spoke of a "shortage of pilots" and encouraged the students to reach out for ground- and flight-training scholarships Retired airline captain Ann Edmonson, 66, of the Spruce Creek fly-in community near Daytona, told the group she began flying at age 38 and has flown such jet aircraft as Boeing 747s and Airbus 330s. Edmonson, a former Delta Airlines captain, flew a Boeing 767 for about four years during her 25-year-plus commercial flying career, which ranged from flying cargo including livestock to making international flights to South America, Europe and Asia. Caroline Rimes, 21, of Lake Butler, who has earned her private pilot's license and plans to become a commercial pilot, told the participants to "have confidence in themselves." Aircraft mechanic Daniella Radyvonyuk, 23, said she worked on aircraft engines and now installs electronic equipment in planes. She said that as she progressed in the profession she had a simple reply whenever male co-workers challenged her with a repair job. "I will fix it," she said. ___ Information from: Ocala (Fla.) Star-Banner, http://www.starbanner.com/ Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags General News Horror Fiction Fiction Books And Literature Entertainment Arts And Entertainment Locations Ocala Florida United States North America Popular Clark Cinema 10 on track for April opening Ronnie Gilley thankful for experiences, optimistic about future Police respond to Carroll High shooting threat Police: Barbaree created false corporation, stole $11k investment Case of body found in Dale County being treated as a homicide Ozark mayor, others in Dale County oppose concealed weapon, pharmacy bills Lawsuit against Flowers Hospital over theft of personal information attains class action status Deveridge out as Eufaula coach; Cliatt hired as next coach Death sentence given in Wicksburg nightclub triple killing Former Dothan commissioner Taylor Barbaree arrested on felony charges Featured Businesses Miles of Flowers 4143 W Main St, Ste 5, Dothan, AL 36305 334-699-5773 Currently Open McLeod's Publick House 5540 W Main St, Dothan, AL 36305 334-648-1912 Jim Skinner Honda 3823 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-671-8100 Currently Open Bondy's Ford Lincoln 3615 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-792-5171 Currently Open Vehicles Conestoga Steak House 3549 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-794-4445 US Mobile Homes of Alabama 5214 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-983-5658 Hearing Associates Of Dothan 1891 Honeysuckle Rd, Dothan, AL 36305 334-702-4327 Currently Open Beltone 2115 Denton Rd, Ste 2, Dothan, AL 36303 334-712-6778 Currently Open Bondy's Nissan 3693 W Main St, Dothan, AL 36305 334-794-6736 Currently Open Bama Rv 5386 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-678-9510 Bryant's Outdoor Equipment 2200 S Brannon Stand Rd, Dothan, AL 36305 334-794-4419 Currently Open Alabama Eye Physicians & Surgeons 5937 W Main St, Dothan , AL 36305 334-446-0872 Currently Open All Metal Building Systems 409 S Broad St, Cowarts, AL 36321 800-440-1307 Derrel's Sewing and Vacuum Center 2507 Montgomery Highway, Dothan, AL 36303 334-794-0824 Billy Lawrence Buick GMC 525 Kirkland St, Abbeville, AL 36310 334-585-3551 Currently Open Miracle-Ear of Dothan - Southern Hearing 4440 W Main St, Ste 3, Dothan, AL 36305 334-377-4065 Currently Open Center for Vein Restoration 3280 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-678-9494 Currently Open The Dothan Eagle 227 N Oates St, Dothan, AL 36303 334-792-3141 Currently Open Coupons Contests Fix My Yard Bracket Challenge Subscriber Services Dothan Eagle Subscriber Services e-Edition online Subscriber log-in Demo ePaper Print edition Subscribe for delivery Manage subscription Sections News Sports Lifestyles Obituaries Photos Weather Services Contact Us Subscription Rates Submission Forms Newspapers Enterprise Ledger Jackson Co. Floridan Eufaula Tribune Army Flier Contact Information dothaneagle.com 227 N. Oates Street Dothan, AL 36303 Phone: 334-792-3141 Email: webmaster@dothaneagle.com Follow Us Dothan Eagle, Dothan AL ©2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East LOGIN REGISTER You are on: MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط السعودية الإمارات Search   Dubai 23 Mar 2017 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology 1MDB-hit UAE-owned Swiss bank Falcon posts $130mln loss for 2016 Two Indian self-made billionaires among richest in Gulf Britain's financial watchdog revisits Barclays' bank Qatari cashcall probe UAE's DP World eyes Panama Canal opportunities Bank Muscat extends baituna home finance for Telal Al Qurm project Dubai developers pile on incentives with rental guarantees Qatar approves amendments to property leasing law Saudi retail property developer shows faith in Egypt Oman's Duqm SEZ contract awards top $1.8bln Dubai developers pile on incentives with rental guarantees Value of Lebanon's industrial sector falls 16% in 2011-2015 UAE's Etihad Rail updates national network design Saudi pledges stable oil supply as market confused by data Oil bounces off November lows, but bloated US stockpiles pressure market Dubai announces crude oil price for June delivery ACWA Power expects Saudi Electricity to sell first asset by yr-end 1MDB-hit UAE-owned Swiss bank Falcon posts $130mln loss for 2016 Two Indian self-made billionaires among richest in Gulf Britain's financial watchdog revisits Barclays' bank Qatari cashcall probe Bank Muscat extends baituna home finance for Telal Al Qurm project 1MDB-hit UAE-owned Swiss bank Falcon posts $130mln loss for 2016 Islamic finance aims for easier sukuk investment with proposed new standards Turkey hires banks for benchmark US dollar sukuk Saudi Aramco starts meeting investors before debut sukuk issue Dubai Duty Free expects $2mln sales hit from electronics ban Pakistan seeks Facebook meeting, threatens action over blasphemy LinkedIn tries to hook more users with business news section Instagram says advertising base tops 1mln businesses Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global UAE credit growth picks up pace in February Qatar's fiscal deficit projected to shrink further Saudi spends money to make money in foreign investment drive Death toll in London attack rises to five: police Two Indian self-made billionaires among richest in Gulf Abu Dhabi's Waha Capital seeking to invest in Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabia's economic fundamentals strong Amazon to buy Dubai-based online retailer Souq.com Fierce clashes persist in Syria ahead of renewed peace talks Syrians' healthcare costing Jordon Euromoney Jordan Conference forecasts 'difficult economic year' Jordanian expatriates increase remittances Ten Egyptian soldiers killed in Sinai fighting Egypt emerges as the world's fastest growing real estate market Saudi retail property developer shows faith in Egypt Rescuers foil fight against migrant smugglers London attack won't delay start of Brexit process "Worst is yet to come" with 400,000 trapped in west Mosul, UN says US embassies ordered to identify population groups for tougher visa screening Britain's financial watchdog revisits Barclays' bank Qatari cashcall probe Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Saudi remains China's top oil supplier Saudi outperforms in mostly flat region; Dubai's DSI up on asset sale Dubai's Arabtec to offer rights issue at higher rate Egypt to keep higher wheat moisture limit till November Saudi outperforms in mostly flat region; Dubai's DSI up on asset sale Dubai's Arabtec to offer rights issue at higher rate ACWA Power expects Saudi Electricity to sell first asset by yr-end Oil near $50 dents sentiment in Gulf Dollar edges up from 4-mth low vs yen EBRD targets $1.1bln investments in Egypt this year after float Dollar near 4-mth low vs yen as Treasury yields, stocks slide Turkish lira firms to strongest level since end of February Saudi pledges stable oil supply as market confused by data Saudi remains China's top oil supplier Egypt to keep higher wheat moisture limit till November Oil bounces off November lows, but bloated US stockpiles pressure market Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law US embassies ordered to identify population groups for tougher visa screening Employees left in the lurch as magazine owners flee Dubai UAE cracks down on traffic violators; introduces strict penalties Qatar approves amendments to property leasing law US embassies ordered to identify population groups for tougher visa screening Earth Hour: Think beyond switching off lights for 60 minutes Laptop ban hits Gulf airlines in battle for business travellers Saudi: Residency defaulters can settle status in amnesty drive UAE boasts one of the stringent anti-money laundering regulations Driver arrested for performing stunts in Abu Dhabi Former AFP photographer detained in Bahrain, agency says Pakistan seeks Facebook meeting, threatens action over blasphemy UAE boasts one of the stringent anti-money laundering regulations Britain's financial watchdog revisits Barclays' bank Qatari cashcall probe Employees left in the lurch as magazine owners flee Dubai Qatar approves amendments to property leasing law Warning over unclean reused clothes at tourist sites, events in UAE US embassies ordered to identify population groups for tougher visa screening UAE cracks down on traffic violators; introduces strict penalties Twitter suspends more than 636,000 accounts to tackle extremism Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports India doubles cricketers' salaries, hikes match fees What happens to your body when you stop drinking water Dubai World Cup: Your ultimate fashion guide Earth Hour: Think beyond switching off lights for 60 minutes What happens to your body when you stop drinking water Rise of superbug tuberculosis hampers global control efforts Schools advised to counsel students regularly UAE launches Diabetes Early Detection Programme Education sector employs 12% of Qatari workforce Saudi: 30% university students drop out without degrees Tuition hike suspended for 2 years in Saudi schools The business of education and the rising school fees in Dubai Dubai World Cup: Your ultimate fashion guide Five Emirati businessmen among world's richest billionaires US's Apple unveils updated iPad with lowest-ever price How much did Trump sons' visit to Dubai cost taxpayers? Beirut a top food tourism destination Warning over unclean reused clothes at tourist sites, events in UAE Dubai airport chief says electronics ban will have minimal impact Laptop ban hits Gulf airlines in battle for business travellers Rebooted Power Rangers return to big screen Kuwait suspends 'Beauty and the Beast’ movie Afghani rapping barber wins music contest Wyclef Jean says 'treated like criminal' in LA handcuffing incident India doubles cricketers' salaries, hikes match fees New British jockeys to be cut to focus on quality Egypt camel racers hope desert sport will gain popularity Abu Dhabi Dhow race has appealing prizes for all Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Education Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Article global markets How to protect your wealth from inflation 19 March, 2017 Mark Leigh Mark Leigh is the Chief Operating Officer of Xtrade. With over 20 years of trading experience, Mark has amassed a wealth of knowledge with regards to training and teaching online traders across the world. Mark is a recognised pioneer in the retail currency trading industry and has achieved great success since forex trading was introduced to the retail online trading market in 1997. He founded PowerTraders in Vancouver Canada in 1997, the first educational company offering training classes for forex training and during his career he was employed as a forex instructor by the Online Trading Academy. Mark graduated 1981 from the University of Witwatersrand in South Africa, earning a Bachelor of Arts Degree with Specialized Honors. Website: www.xtrade.com 19 March 2017 Changes in the global political climate have resulted in increasing uncertainty in trading markets and economies around the world. For investors, this could be either a great time to invest in assets or a better time to protect their net worth. Although positions may vary, the one thing that many economists believe is that inflation is set to rise in the lead up to 2020. The introduction of value-added tax (VAT) could push the cost of living and doing business within the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) region higher. This is because VAT will increase business costs and this will be passed on to the consumer which would, eventually, lead to a rise in prices and therefore result in inflation. For the United Arab Emirates, inflation rates are projected to reach 2.5 percent by Q4 of 2017 and potentially reach 3.3 percent by 2020. Furthermore, Saudi Arabia is projected to realise a 3.5 percent inflation rate in Q2 of 2017 and forecast to reach 3.1 percent by 2020. On the other hand, with the adoption by the Bahrain Finance Minister and the Shura Council in Saudi Arabia of the GCC Value Added Tax (VAT) Framework Agreement, greater regional integration and commerce can be expected in 2018 when compliance is set to begin. This has the potential to lower compliance costs and to be highly stimulative, generating new business opportunities throughout the region.  Given that the economy is set to grow and inflation is forecast to rise it is evident that individuals in the region need to educate themselves on how to protect their wealth in real-terms and make decisions that will enhance the opportunity to achieve financial freedom. Advertisement A diversified portfolio will usually help protect any individual from inflation. However, the portfolio needs to be balanced with commodities, stock and currencies that are carefully chosen based on how they react to rising prices. Gold is the one commodity that everyone should have in their portfolio. Gold is a store of value and when prices rise, so too will the price of gold, thus protecting an individual’s wealth in real-terms. Certificates of Deposit (COD) are quite popular in this region as people purchase and hold these from local and international banks for a certain period of time in return for interest. Usually speaking, the interest rate is higher than the inflation rate, however in some situations there is risk involved if inflation rises faster than interest rates. Another form of investment is Treasury Inflation Protected Securities (TIPS) which are quite popular in the West as the principal is always adjusted to account for inflation. For example, if you purchase a $100 TIPS with a 2 percent inflation rate, then the principal amount after adjusting for inflation will now be valued at $102. TIPS are available in many countries and it is advisable to contact a bank and request more information about this kind of security. In terms of stocks, with the introduction of President Trump’s Manufacturing Council consisting of many C-Level executives from renowned multinational companies, it is worth mentioning that these companies are the forerunners when it comes down to shaping the future of the global manufacturing industry. Some of these companies include: Intel Corporation; Dell Technologies, Ford Motor Company, Johnson & Johnson, General Electric, Tesla, Boeing, Under Armour, 3M and many more The potential for growth of these companies has significantly increased and by investing in them or perhaps the companies that they collaborate with in the automotive, technology, aviation, fast moving consumer goods (FMCG) industries and more, will certainly contribute to protecting investors from inflation and increase their overall net worth in the long-run. Lastly, currency trading. Search engines, mobile newsfeeds and push notifications are keeping people at the forefront of what is happening during the age of information. Furthermore, online trading Apps like Xtrade empower investors to make trades in real-time. Global events shape the rise or fall of certain currencies and by being aware of the macro- and micro-economic environments, individuals can make educated decisions on which currencies are on path to inflation and make trades to mitigate the losses incurred from a weakening currency. Protecting oneself from inflation is not a simple task. It is very complex and involves a plethora of economic, financial and political factors. However, by equipping oneself with the knowledge on options and how to react, the chances to succeed in protecting the real-value of their wealth are in fact, quite high. Any opinions expressed here are the author’s own. © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. More from: precious metals uae currencies gcc Advertisement Trending on Zawya In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News US's Parsons engineering welcomes Navalurkar as Vice President and program director 1 day ago Emrill appoints head of business development and work winning UAE integrated facilities management firm Emrill has appointed Sally Harrison as head of business development. 1 day ago US's Digital Shadows digital risk management announces key executive appointment with Alex Seton as VP Business and Corporate Development 1 day ago  from OAK Consulting Autodata appoints Ian Batey as the new General Manager Autodata appointed Ian Batey as its new GM to expand the brand’s presence in the Middle East. 2 days ago India's Shapoorji Pallonji Engineering and Construction group appoints Cyrus Engineer as Managing Director in the Gulf 21 Mar 2017 Camille Saade appointed new General Manager of Villa Rotana Dubai 20 Mar 2017 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2017 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
null
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out16:37 GMT +323 March 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search BREAKING: Belgium Police Prevent Terrorist Attack in Antwerp 'Dark Matter': Wikileaks Releases New Batch of 'Vault-7' on CIA Hacking Techniques US Delta IV Rocket With Communications Satellite Takes Off in Florida © REUTERS/ Steve Nesius US 04:51 19.03.2017(updated 04:54 19.03.2017) Get short URL 142513 Delta IV took off from the US state of Florida with ninth Wideband Global SATCOM (WGS-9) communications satellite on board for US Air Force, local media reported. WASHINGTON (Sputnik) – The United Launch Alliance (ULA) launched Delta IV at 8:18 p.m. local time (00:18 GMT) on Saturday from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida, according to NASA SpaceFlight news portal. Mission success! ULA commemorates U.S. Air Force's 70th anniversary with #DeltaIV #WGS9 launch https://t.co/ETqEcUVSeh pic.twitter.com/zSRFXWengx — ULA (@ulalaunch) March 19, 2017 The ULA made its 35th successful Delta 4 flight, 118th in a row overall. The ULA is a joint venture owned by Lockheed Martin and the Boeing Company. It brings together two of the launch industry’s most experienced and successful teams — Atlas and Delta — to provide reliable, cost-efficient space launch services for the US government. It was reported that the use of the Delta IV space launch vehicle will be discontinued in favor of the Atlas V that uses the Russian made RD-180 rocket to launch US national security payloads into space, United Launch Alliance (ULA) President and Chief Executive Officer Tory Bruno said. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 13 Related: Delta IV Heavy Rocket With US Spy Satellite Blasts Off from Cape Canaveral Niger Delta Avengers Claim Responsibility for Oil Pipeline Blast in Nigeria Tags: Delta IV, rocket launch, United Launch Alliance (ULA), U.S. Air Force, United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Reply cast235 10:09 19.03.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete Unless the rhetoric was changed, Russia told U.S NOT to use the RD 180 for military etc,... U.S BRANDS itself , as that T RESPECTS those treaties to the last dot. Russia should then call and send docs indicating the approval.. Military strict is one thing nat security could use them. I would allow that .. wehy not? Anyways,, U.S WILL have carriers to do that too. Maybe private.. The more is ionvested the better. The BEST would be to seek , what is needed for certain challenges for some rockets to be possible. But the First be the NK systems.. brought the Oxygen. But the RD 170 were not related to NK. Russia showed and Russia received ultra light materials that probably the world didn't knew it was possible. The metal made them lighter. And other perks. But well. RD 180 will be in U.S for a while. something THAT good is not easy o come by. But eventually they will be phased out as OBSOLETE. And for what I heard it be very soon. Specially in Russia. Where some will make the RD 180 look, like the first sling shot vs the most modern weapon today.Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 16:34US Buildup in Northeast Asia Destabilizes Region - Russian Foreign Ministry 16:33UK Public Figures Slammed for Exploiting London Attack, Bandwagon Jumping 16:29Belgium Police Prevent Terrorist Attack in Antwerp 16:28Trump's Path to Putin Lies Through NATO, G7 Summits 16:28Oh, the Irony! 'Eco-Friendly' Biodiesel Found Environmentally DestructiveAll news Iranian Sea Vessels Greet US Aircraft Carrier in Strait of Hormuz 11846 Billionaire David Rockefeller Dies at Age 101 11038 This is Why Crimea is Russia's 'Unsinkable Aircraft Carrier' in the Black Sea 8243 Westminster Attack in London: Live Updates 8168 Russia-China S-400 Deal and Other Defense Agreements Unnerve Washington 8084All news Dozen Most Insane Statements From US Congress’ Hearing on ‘Russian Spying’ 47 Israel Vows to Continue Launching Airstrikes on Targets in Syria 39 Israeli Threats to Destroy Syria’s Air Defense Aimed at 'Advancing Own Interest' 38 Why Israel is 'Deeply Interested' in Continuation of Syrian War 37 Seven Nations to Join Israel in Biggest Air Drill in Country’s History 35All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Top Ten Best and Worst Places to Live in 2017 You Made It a Question Death From the Sky: The US Air Force's Mistaken Airstrikes News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Top Local Stories Weather forecast: Temperatures to reach low to mid 40s today in SE Michigan Weather LIVE CAM: Downtown Mount Clemens Live Metro Detroit weather: Single digit wind chills to start the day Weather Get ready: Temps about to crash Weather Metro Detroit weather: Warming to the 50s Weather Metro Detroit weather forecast: Get ready for a big temperature swing Weather Metro Detroit weather: Rain and thunder chance Weather 21-month-old girl dies after being found unresponsive in Warren home News Getty Images Lincoln Hall of Justice to be closed Monday News Fire damages west Detroit apartment building News Metro Detroit Weather: Showers possible Monday; Highs near 50 News Remembering America's worst tornado ever: The Tri-State Tornado of 1925 Weather Politics Trump falling far behind in nominating State officials Employees filling in to handle responsibilities By AARON KESSLER , CNN Posted: 8:26 PM, March 18, 2017 Updated: 9:07 PM, March 18, 2017 2017 Getty Images More Politics Headlines Pence stumps for health care bill in Florida Trump hits pause between a tough week and a critically important one Obamacare on the ropes Senators: Carl Icahn already using Trump role for 'personal gain' Russian bank claims effort to frame it for connections to Trump Organization WASHINGTON (CNN) - As President Donald Trump proposes to slash nearly a third from the State Department's budget, the nation's diplomatic agency grapples with a more immediate problem: a lack of top officials. Not only have no deputies been confirmed to join Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, but they haven't even been nominated in the first place. As of Friday, the President has yet to send a single nomination to the Senate for top posts at the State Department, aside from Tillerson himself. The totals do not count ambassadorships because they are not considered jobs charged with running the department. That puts him far behind the last three presidents. Presidents Barack Obama and George W. Bush had already nominated seven top officials each by this time in their first terms. President Bill Clinton had nominated nine people to help lead the State Department by now, according to data from the nonpartisan Partnership for Public Service. Although the process generally took through March and April for previous nominees to complete their confirmations, that has only heightened concerns that without even a nominee announced for many roles, it could be months before Trump's State Department has the key people in place to run the nation's foreign policy. Positions such as the deputy secretary of state and deputy secretary of state for management are some of the workhorse jobs that keep the trains running on time at Foggy Bottom. During Obama's first term, both roles had Senate-confirmed officials in place in January, with nominees to other positions on the way. So far, Trump has not named who he'd like to see in either spot. Mark Toner, acting spokesman for the State Department, said the administration was "working on identifying qualified candidates for senior department positions and trying to fill them as quickly as possible." Other employees stepping in Toner cautioned that the department was not rudderless, as employees are filling in to handle responsibilities while the process plays out. "I think it's also important to stress that there's a very capable diplomatic corps and civil service corps within the State Department," he said. "And many of these individuals have stepped into acting roles or remained in acting roles in order to provide consistency through the transition." Another State Department spokesperson declined to comment further on the issue Friday, instead referring back to Toner's previous statements. But although officials working temporarily on an acting basis do play an important role to help the government keep running during a transition, their power can be limited, according to Max Stier, president of the Partnership for Public Service, which shared some of its data with CNN. "An acting person is a bit like the substitute teacher," Stier said. "They may be a wonderful teacher, but the fact that they're the substitute teacher means they get no respect, they have no perceived authority to solve things, they don't set the lesson plan, and you also don't build the same kind of rapport with your peers across government, which is also super important." At places like the State Department, this can be particularly true for the jobs like deputy secretary of state, as that person tends to manage much of the day-to-day operations. Stier compared deputy secretaries to chief operating officers, saying little effective management can be done without them. Moreover, with the boss -- in this case, Tillerson -- constantly traveling the world as the nation's top diplomat, that creates extra logistical challenges. For example, Tillerson is currently in Asia, visiting with counterparts in Japan and South Korea, and soon China. Back in Washington, if a world leader or top foreign official comes to town during that time, like German Chancellor Angela Merkel did Friday, it would generally fall to Tillerson's deputy to handle such a visit in his absence. Copyright 2017 by CNN NewSource. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Trending http://www.clickondetroit.com
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Election / Trump falling far behind in nominating State officials Trump falling far behind in nominating State officials Posted on Saturday, March 18, 2017 by CNN in Election As President Donald Trump proposes to slash nearly a third from the State Department’s budget, the nation’s diplomatic agency grapples with a more immediate problem: a lack of top officials. Not only have no deputies been confirmed to join Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, but they haven’t even been nominated in the first place. As of Friday, the President has yet to send a single nomination to the Senate for top posts at the State Department, aside from Tillerson himself. The totals do not count ambassadorships because they are not considered jobs charged with running the department. That puts him far behind the last three presidents. Presidents Barack Obama and George W. Bush had already nominated seven top officials each by this time in their first terms. President Bill Clinton had nominated nine people to help lead the State Department by now, according to data from the nonpartisan Partnership for Public Service. Although the process generally took through March and April for previous nominees to complete their confirmations, that has only heightened concerns that without even a nominee announced for many roles, it could be months before Trump’s State Department has the key people in place to run the nation’s foreign policy. Positions such as the deputy secretary of state and deputy secretary of state for management are some of the workhorse jobs that keep the trains running on time at Foggy Bottom. During Obama’s first term, both roles had Senate-confirmed officials in place in January, with nominees to other positions on the way. So far, Trump has not named who he’d like to see in either spot. Mark Toner, acting spokesman for the State Department, said the administration was “working on identifying qualified candidates for senior department positions and trying to fill them as quickly as possible.” Other employees stepping in Toner cautioned that the department was not rudderless, as employees are filling in to handle responsibilities while the process plays out. “I think it’s also important to stress that there’s a very capable diplomatic corps and civil service corps within the State Department,” he said. “And many of these individuals have stepped into acting roles or remained in acting roles in order to provide consistency through the transition.” Another State Department spokesperson declined to comment further on the issue Friday, instead referring back to Toner’s previous statements. But although officials working temporarily on an acting basis do play an important role to help the government keep running during a transition, their power can be limited, according to Max Stier, president of the Partnership for Public Service, which shared some of its data with CNN. “An acting person is a bit like the substitute teacher,” Stier said. “They may be a wonderful teacher, but the fact that they’re the substitute teacher means they get no respect, they have no perceived authority to solve things, they don’t set the lesson plan, and you also don’t build the same kind of rapport with your peers across government, which is also super important.” At places like the State Department, this can be particularly true for the jobs like deputy secretary of state, as that person tends to manage much of the day-to-day operations. Stier compared deputy secretaries to chief operating officers, saying little effective management can be done without them. Moreover, with the boss — in this case, Tillerson — constantly traveling the world as the nation’s top diplomat, that creates extra logistical challenges. For example, Tillerson is currently in Asia, visiting with counterparts in Japan and South Korea, and soon China. Back in Washington, if a world leader or top foreign official comes to town during that time, like German Chancellor Angela Merkel did Friday, it would generally fall to Tillerson’s deputy to handle such a visit in his absence. Car and bomb claim at White House sets off security alert What is Neil Gorsuch's religion? It's complicated Related Posts Supreme Court upholds Obamacare subsidies Trump on Clinton: ‘I can be nastier than she ever can be’ Can Brexit be undone? Clinton and Sanders fight over who has the New York state of mind Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices SpaceX Dragon capsule splashes down in Pacific USA TODAY James Dean 3 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL States where the middle class is being left behind Forbes 2017 billionaires list: Meet the richest people on the planet © Provided by USA Today The SpaceX Dragon officially splashed down in the Pacific. Popular Searches Apple Inc AAPL ▼ 141.06 -0.41 -0.29% Wells Fargo & Co WFC ▼ 55.25 -0.08 -0.14% Cousins Properties Inc CUZ ▼ 8.11 -0.05 -0.61% LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton SE LVMUY ▲ 43.14 +0.30 +0.70% After carrying nearly 5,500 pounds of supplies and experiments to the International Space Station on Feb. 23, the SpaceX Dragon capsule detached and began its descent to earth early Sunday morning before deploying its chutes and landing in the ocean at 11:48 a.m. ET Sunday. Just after 5 a.m., NASA and SpaceX announced that the capsule had detached from the space station and completed its necessary three departure burns to begin making its way back to earth. The Dragon was carrying science and research cargo back from the ISS. "Today we said good bye to the #Dragon! She is taking part of us back to the ground with her – important scientific samples, some from the crew!" Tweeted French astronaut Thomas Pesquet, who is on a six-month mission aboard the ISS. It was a busy weekend for space fans. On Saturday night, a Delta IV rocket bearing the Air Force’s 70th anniversary “breaking barriers” logo roared from Cape Canaveral to deliver a military communications satellite to orbit. The 217-foot United Launch Alliance rocket lit a main engine and four solid rocket motors at 8:18 p.m. ET to leap from Launch Complex 37 with 1.7 million pounds of thrust, about a half-hour later than planned after engineers resolved a launch pad arm problem. At 9 p.m., the rocket deployed the ninth Wideband Global Satcom spacecraft, the latest addition to the Department of Defense’s highest-capacity space-based communications network. Each WGS satellite provides 10 times more bandwidth than the entire constellation that preceded the program, supporting everything from tactical operations to drone video to communication between military leaders. “WGS is just one of many examples of advances in military technology, and I can’t think of a better mission to recognize the Air Force’s 70th birthday,” said Bob Tarleton, director of military satellite communications systems at the Air Force’s Space and Missile Systems Center in Los Angeles. International collaboration made the WGS-9 mission possible. Five allies in 2012 agreed to pay for the Boeing-built satellite, which have an average cost of $424 million. The deal gave Canada, Denmark, Luxembourg, the Netherlands and New Zealand access to the network proportional with their investment. Australia paid for the sixth satellite in the series. “Military operations are increasingly dependent on capabilities based in space,” said Brig. Gen. Blaise Frawley of the Royal Canadian Air Force. Follow James Dean on Twitter: @flatoday_jdean © NASA The SpaceX Dragon capsule detached from the ISS early Sunday morning. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From USA TODAY Congress vote may overturn Net privacy rules USA TODAY It's #NationalPuppyDay! America, here are your adorable puppies USA TODAY Security heightened after deadly London attack USA TODAY USA TODAY View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 March 2017 by Military News Mileage Earning App Mileslife Achieved Cooperation with EVA Air SHANGHAI, March 20, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Mileslife, an innovative mileage earning App in China announces its official partnership with Infinity MileageLands, the frequent flyer program of EVA Air. Users of Mileslife can now earn Infinity MileageLands miles directly through daily lifestyle spending. Mileslife App provides a seamless way to combine your favorite loyalty programs with lifestyle spending and travel scenario. It enhances the engagement and vitality of airline loyalty programs as well as providing an alternative for the frequent flyers to earn miles through daily spending. Mileslife well selects over 2,000 merchants of restaurants, premium spas, tour packages, boutique hotels and luxury resorts in China, Singapore and other popular destinations around the globe. Users pay via Mileslife App and can be rewarded with airline miles and points of 11 airline loyalty program partners worldwide at up to 7 miles per USD$1 spending. Miles and points will be directly credited into users' airline loyalty program accounts within 3-5 business days. Infinity MileageLands is the frequent flyer program of EVA Air, a Star Alliance member and one of the SKYTRAX 5-star airlines in the world. Members can redeem EVA Air, UNI Air and Star Alliance member airlines award tickets or upgrades with Infinity MileageLands miles. With Mileslife App, members can now earn 1 Infinity MileageLands bonus miles per RMB 1-4 spending. The partnership with Mileslife offers more miles earning channels for Infinity MileageLands members on the ground. Also, Mileslife users have wider selections on frequent flyer programs and mileage accumulations. Troy Liu, Founder and CEO of Mileslife mentioned, "After successful partnership with 10 worldwide airline loyalty programs across Asia, Europe and America in 2016, it is a right time to reinforce our partnership portfolio in Greater Asia. Infinity MileageLands members will have an alternative mile earning channel when they come to China. Besides, the diversity of the frequent flyer program is a key for future oversea expansion, especially the Asian market like Singapore and Taiwan." As a renowned loyalty program expert in China, he has performed consultant and training instructor for many international hotel chains and airlines. Travelled to over 100 countries by earning and burning miles and points in the past 15 years, he also cast light on these by his million-word blogs on Boardingarea. About Mileslife (www.mileslife.com) Mileslife is the first App for consumers to earn airline miles and points directly through their everyday lifestyle and travel spending and help the local business to target potential high-caliber customers. Launched in November 2015, Mileslife quickly partnered with thousands of restaurants, premium spas, tour packages, boutique hotels and luxury resorts in China, Singapore and other popular destinations around the globe. Along with the rise of Chinese middle class, Mileslife aspires to awaken the class's sense to realize the value and unleash the power of airline miles and fulfil their wishes to travel around the world. About EVA Air: EVA Air, a Star Alliance member, is one of only nine 5-Star airlines globally and is widely recognized for exceptionally high service and safety standards. The carrier was established in 1989 as Taiwan's first privately owned international airline. It is part of the respected Evergreen Group and a sister company to global container-shipping leader Evergreen Line. It flies a fleet of over 70 Boeing and Airbus aircraft to more than 60 international destinations throughout Asia, Oceania, Europe and North America. With just one easy stop in Taipei, travelers can connect onward to most major cities throughout Asia, including 27 destinations in Mainland China. Travelers can learn more about EVA's services, schedule and book and buy tickets at www.evaair.com and become acquainted with it Hello Kitty and Sanrio family planes and routes at http://www.evakitty.com/tw/. CategoriesUncategorized Tagsaircraft, Airlines/Aviation, Books, Business, carrier, Companies, company, fleet, Leisure & Tourism, Licensing/Marketing Agreements, Lifestyle, major, Markets, New Products/Services, service, star, Travel, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Golden Circle Agency Launches First International Event portal (Mobile app on Android & Website) in Dubai,Middle East Next PostNext 东芝荣获 “2017年度创新产品奖” Search Recent Posts World Meteorological Day celebrates importance of clouds for weather, climate and water IIROC Trade Resumption / L’OCRCVM permet la reprise de la negociation – IMM Atossa Genetics Opens Enrollment in Study of Endoxifen How the U.S. Keeps Herbal Dietary Supplements Safe Patriot One Announces Evaluation and Purchase Agreement with Iconic Las Vegas Property Business Contacts A Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Arrow-right Camera Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather Search E-edition Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Obits OpinionClassifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Washington Idaho Nation World Business Health Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Movie times Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts Wash. Idaho Business Health Nation World Elections Photos Business Front & Center: The long and fulfilling days of Addison Pemberton, president of Liberty Lake manufacturer Scanivalve SUNDAY, MARCH 19, 2017, 5 A.M. By Michael Guilfoil For The Spokesman-Review Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS Five facts Business started: 1955 Employees: 42 Products: intelligent pressure and temperature scanning equipment for aerospace research and development Clients: Pratt & Whitney, General Electric, Boeing, Lockheed Martin, Honeywell More information: www.scanivalve.com, (509) 891-9970 Addison Pemberton keeps one foot firmly in the future, the other planted in the past. By day he is president and co-owner of Scanivalve, a Liberty Lake manufacturer of sophisticated pressure instrumentation used in wind tunnels to measure the aerodynamics of aircraft, cars, bridges and skyscrapers. At night, he and a cohort of volunteers painstakingly restore vintage airplanes, including an iconic 1942 twin-engine Grumman Goose that hasn’t flown in decades … but may next month. During a recent interview at one of his two Felts Field hangars, Pemberton discussed dropping out of college, ice cream and how he got the name Addison. S-R: Where did you grow up? Pemberton: San Diego. S-R: What was your favorite class in high school? Pemberton: Physics. S-R: How about extracurricular activities? Pemberton: When not at school, I spent all my waking hours either learning to fly or working at Scanivalve, my parents’ business. I started doing machine work there with my brother when I was 12. By high school I was making three bucks an hour – enough to buy all the aviation gas I could burn. S-R: Did you assume you’d go into the family business? Pemberton: I did. My dad and I spent hours in the lab together and really bonded. S-R: What’s one lesson that stuck? Pemberton: Any technical or life problem you have, you can approach someone of consequence. For instance, when we read about (Paul) MacCready’s human-powered Gossamer Albatross in Popular Science we were fascinated, and my dad said, “Let’s call this guy. He lives in Bakersfield.” So we called him up, flew to Bakersfield the next weekend, and became lifelong friends. Another time we contacted an inventor in Germany, went to visit him, and his son ended up living with us for a year. Try to get the best gunfighter you can get, because they’re usually approachable. S-R: Are you the best gunfighter for somebody? Pemberton: Everybody has their niche, including me. One of the biggest privileges I have at Scanivalve is the technical interchange with customers. Quite often I’ll send them to a competitor, because they’re trying to overbuy. My stuff is very fast and accurate but expensive, and all they need is a Walmart-type solution. S-R: Where did you go to college? Pemberton: Initially two private Christian schools, and ended up at San Diego State. But I never graduated. I was 24 and one semester shy of a degree in mechanical engineering when Scanivalve found itself in a desperate state. We were transitioning from a smoky machine shop to an electronic company, I was working 80 hours a week, and suddenly our machine shop manager quit. My parents were overseas, so I left school to help run the business with my brother Jim. Those were crazy years. S-R: Is he still involved? Pemberton: Yes, we’re co-owners and business partners. Jim is the money guy, and I’m the technical guy. S-R: Besides morphing from analog to digital, how has the company evolved during the past 35 years? Pemberton: We’ve grown. We had 90 people at one time, but were very labor-intensive. Today we have eight CNC machine centers, each doing the work of 10 people. We farm more stuff out than we ever did, because we don’t want to be over 50 people. Annual revenue is around $7 million. S-R: What have been some best and worst times? Pemberton: The early ’80s were the worst. What saved our necks was being able to store-buy a PC in 1985 that would interface with my analog equipment. S-R: And the best time? Pemberton: The ’90s. Digital turned out to be quite lucrative. Then 9/11 hit us hard. The aerospace market evaporated for about two years. But that pushed us into wind engineering – the aerodynamic study of buildings and bridges – and turbine performance testing for power plants. S-R: How about today? Pemberton: These are trying times for small businesses. We do more paperwork than we ever did. S-R: How many other manufactures do what you do? Pemberton: Two. One in Virginia and one in Massachusetts. S-R: Why did you relocate your company from San Diego to Spokane in 1995? Pemberton: I wanted to leave California, which had become very restrictive and expensive, with too many dang people. S-R: Why did you choose Spokane? Pemberton: We could have been anywhere in the world. We looked at six small West Coast cities, including Bend, Oregon. We wanted to live where it was pretty, and Spokane offered the infrastructure we needed. I’d been here repeatedly in the late ’70s, because when I was in college I ferried airplanes to Alaska every summer, and the weather was always better on this side of the Cascades. S-R: What’s a typical day for you? Pemberton: I start my morning at 8, meeting with all my engineers to set priorities. Then I spend most of the day responding to emails – drafting quotes, providing technical support – or talking on the phone. People today expect instant answers. By late afternoon, things usually slow down enough that I can get out on the production floor and look at stuff. Then I come to the hangar, where my wife has dinner prepared, and we spend the evening restoring vintage aircraft. When I get home around 11:30 or midnight, I read all my new emails so I know what I’m going to get hit with the next morning – problems or orders from all over the world. S-R: What do you like most about your job? Pemberton: The people I work with. S-R: What do you like least? Pemberton: Government bureaucracy. S-R: What’s been the biggest surprise? Pemberton: That we’ve been able to keep reinventing ourselves and stay competitive. S-R: How do you market your testing equipment? Pemberton: Web, trade shows, some magazines, and I have 13 international distributors. But a lot of it is word of mouth – Scanivalve is the Frigidaire of high-speed pressure instrumentation. S-R: What qualities do you look for in job candidates? Pemberton: Whether their hobbies are technical. Do they work on their own car? What projects did they enjoy in college? I’ve been very impressed with the quality of candidates we’re getting from Eastern – particularly someone who gets his degree when he’s married, has kids and is holding down a full-time job. That guy has hustle. S-R: Do you have many women applicants? Pemberton: Not for engineering positions. But I work with lot of women in this industry who are very, very capable. S-R: When did your passion for vintage airplanes begin? Pemberton: I’ve enjoyed aircraft since I was little. My dad bought an airplane when I was 8. That plane was 21 years old, but airplanes last forever. I have seven – from a Piper Super Cub to the Grumman Goose – and the newest one was built in 1961. S-R: Where did you get the amphibious Goose? Pemberton: From the Palm Springs Air Museum. It was never going to fly again. But after putting 8,000 hours into restoration, we hope to fly it next month. Most pilots would agree it’s one of the coolest airplanes ever built. S-R: What appeals to you about restoring vintage aircraft? Pemberton: The technology, and the diversity of character. If you go to a parking lot today, you can’t tell a Rav 4 from a Rogue – they all look the same. But every one of these airplanes has a very distinct character. S-R: When you finish restoring a vintage plane, is it a shell surrounding modern technology, or an old aircraft with a few upgrades? Pemberton: Structurally it’s accurate. The engines are later dash numbers, and we use newer avionics and alternators and backup power. But they fly just like they did. They’re still a piece of history. I have a Model 40 – the oldest functioning Boeing of any kind in the world. When I flew it around the country, some people drove 300 miles to see it. S-R: How many flight hours have you logged? Pemberton: More than 12,000. S-R: Have you ever crashed? Pemberton: No. I’ve had engines quit and ended up in a field, but I’ve never destroyed an airplane. S-R: You work from 8 in the morning to midnight. That sounds like two full-time jobs. Pemberton: And I’ve been doing it for 40 years. But it beats going home and sitting in front of the television. S-R: What’s atop your bucket list? Pemberton: I want to take the Goose to the Arctic Circle, and teach my five grandkids to fly. S-R: Do you have a secret talent? Pemberton: I have a knack for organizing people. S-R: Any guilty pleasures? Pemberton: Ice cream is my biggest vice. S-R: What would you change about yourself? Pemberton: I’d lose 30 pounds. S-R: How do you relax? Pemberton: Restoring vintage aircraft. The thing about Scanivalve is that the challenges are rewarding, but slow coming – it takes years to develop something. At the hangar, I can bend a piece of metal, reproduce a part, and I feel like I’ve accomplished something. Instant reward at night, long-time reward at Scanivalve. S-R: By the way, what’s the story behind your name? Pemberton: I tell people my mother couldn’t think of what to call me, so when she added a son to the family, she called me “Addison.” But actually I’m named after my grandfather. Writer Michael Guilfoil can be contacted at mguilfoil@comcast.net. Published: March 19, 2017, 5 a.m.  Tags: Addison Pemberton, business, Front & Center, Grumman Goose, Liberty Lake, Scanivalve Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Masthead Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy
Stay Connected Widgetized Section Go to Admin » Appearance » Widgets » and move Gabfire Widget: Social into that MastheadOverlay zone Home Shop Advertise Events Library Press Releases Newsletter Register About Us Broadband Cable Equipment FTTH ISP Satellite Telco Test & Monitor Broadcast Advertising Ads Targetted Digital Radio DSO DTH/Satellite DTT/DSO FTA Pay TV Services VOD Catch Up Premium Business Funding IPO Joint Venture M&A People Regulation Policy Spectrum Standards Results Content app CA/DRM CDNs Games Piracy Production Rights UGC VR Work flow In Home Home Network PVR STB Mobile APPS Companion devices MNO Mobile TV Portable Media OTT Connected TV HbbTV IPTV Middleware IPG Search/Recommendation OTT UGC Research Consumer Behaviour Equipment Markets Social Media UHD Equipment Production Ultra-HD/4K White Papers Spacecom admits “very hurt” by explosion March 15, 2017 Israel-based satellite operator Spacecom has had a terrible 18 months. In November 2015, its Amos-5 satellite failed despite being less than four years old. Then, in September last year, it lost its Amos-6 satellite in a catastrophic explosion atop a Falcon-9 rocket when a ground-test went badly wrong. That explosion didn’t just cost Spacecom dearly in lost business, it also scuppered a potential sale of the company to a Chinese business. Spacecom has rented AsiaSat-8 for a four-year period to fill the gap of the lost Amos-6, and has an option for a 5th year if needed. AsiaSat-8 is now being marketed by Spacecom as Amos-7.  The follow-on satellite (and totally replacing the lost Amos-6) will be Amos-8 and is due for launch early in 2020 provided that the company can raise sufficient capital and corporate backing. Spacecom’s CEO David Pollack says that his business was “very much hurt” by the September explosion, and that it represented a major setback to its business. Talking to trade magazine Space Intel Report, he admitted that the satellite’s loss also meant the loss of a deal in place with Facebook. Pollack says that the building of its Amos-17 satellite is continuing (with Boeing) and that he was now in discussion with a launch provider for the satellite, which is due for delivery in early 2019.  Amos-17 will go to 17 degrees East upon launch. Related posts: Spacecom and Chinese still in talks over sale Spacecom Chinese deal done? Spacecom seeks ‘pre-owned’ satellite Spacecom Amos-6 prospects examined AsiaSat 8 agreement to Spacecom rescue You must be logged in to post a comment Login LATEST NEWS Deloitte: US using social media to find new TV shows Media in the Middle East and why it matters Netflix updates on HTML5 video French to sell Eutelsat stake? Virgin Media makes ultrafast speeds standard Eutelsat hosts Kuwait TV Cogeco Connexion launches TiVo 4K service   SpotX: "2016 a good growth year" Dolby announces innovative audio and imaging products for cinema Vivendi sues Mediaset for defamation Search Archive Select a Month Click to Select March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 0 Select a Category Click to Select Articles Broadband    Cable    Equipment    FTTH    ISP    Satellite    Telco    Test & Monitor Broadcast    Advertising       Ads       Targetted    Digital Radio    DSO    DTH/Satellite    DTT/DSO    FTA    Pay TV    Services    VOD       Catch Up       Premium Business    Funding    IPO    Joint Venture    M&A    People    Regulation       Policy       Spectrum       Standards    Results Content    app    CA/DRM    CDNs    Games    Piracy    Production    Rights    UGC    VR    Work flow Events Guest Blog    Inside Satellite    Off Message    Third Party Headline In Home    Home Network    PVR    STB Magazines    EuroMedia    IPTV Mobile    APPS    Companion devices    MNO    Mobile TV    Portable Media OTT    Connected TV    HbbTV    IPTV    Middleware       IPG       Search/Recommendation    OTT    UGC Photo Press Releases Research    Consumer Behaviour    Equipment    Markets Research Library    Research TV Channel Social Media UHD    Equipment    Production    Ultra-HD/4K Video White Papers Search by Keyword Broadband Broadcast Business Content In Home Mobile OTT Research Social Media UHD White Papers Shop Advertise Events Library Press Releases Newsletter Register About Us Copyright Advanced Television Ltd © 2001–2017 Maintained by Elrond Limited Advanced Television Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
