RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Thursday, March 23, 2017 9:34 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 28°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Malaysia Airlines CEO mulls deals for 42 jets in wide-body expansion Thursday March 23, 2017 09:18 AM GMT+8 ICYMI UK parliament attacker was born in Britain, May says Nearly three-quarters Malays clueless about Act 355, survey finds Hamilton wants to see more women, less ‘dudes’ in paddock The Edit: ‘Power Rangers’ yay or nay? Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Malaysia Airlines is also poised to take delivery of six Airbus A350 wide-bodies, allowing it to move the same number of A380 superjumbos to a new sister carrier specialising in carrying people on the Hajj and Umrah pilgrimages. — Reuters picKUALA LUMPUR, March 23 — Malaysia Airlines Bhd plans to seal deals for as many as 42 wide-body jets over the next few months as the unprofitable carrier seeks to rebuild its long-haul network following a surge in demand. Terms should be agreed in the next six to eight weeks for the lease of up to a dozen used Airbus Group SE A330 or Boeing Co 777 aircraft, Chief Executive Officer Peter Bellew said in an interview. That could be followed later in the first half by an order for 25 to 30 new Boeing 787s or A330neos, as the upgraded Airbus model is known, potentially worth more than US$7 billion (RM31 billion). Bellew is looking to expand wide-body operations after Malaysia Air slashed its fleet and route network in response to a bookings slump that followed two fatal plane crashes in 2014. Sales have now recovered to the extent that the carrier posted an 81 per cent load factor in the fourth quarter of 2016, including a 90 per cent occupancy rate in December, when it made money. “Things have gone a bit better a bit quicker than I expected,” said Bellew, an Irishman who became Malaysia Air CEO last July after joining as chief operating officer in 2015, following nine years at Dublin-based discount specialist Ryanair Holdings Plc. “We’re ahead of where we hoped we would be.” The Asian carrier needs the leased jets mainly to replace single-aisle Boeing 737s on 10 or 11 medium-haul routes that are capable of supporting wide-bodies, including services to India, Bali and Hong Kong, Bellew said. The plan has become attractive after hire rates fell 15 per cent in 3 1/2 months, he said. China growth Malaysia Airlines is also rapidly adding new routes to China, with nine due this year and another eight in 2018, taking the total to 24. The expansion, part of a plan to make Malaysia a top destination for Chinese tourists, reflects a recovery in bookings that collapsed after the disappearance of Flight MH370 while en route to Beijing from Kuala Lumpur. Bellew said he’ll seek to take half a dozen leased wide-bodies in the first half of next year, followed by the same number in 2019, all about six years old. A330s would be the obvious choice, though 777s would allow the carrier to add longer routes, perhaps reinstating a service to Amsterdam, he said. The 25 or more new jets that Bellew is evaluating would likely be bought direct from Airbus or Boeing and would join the fleet between 2019 and 2023, with 15 replacing older aircraft and the rest for expansion. The re-engined A330neo comes in two sizes advertised at US$255 million and US$291 million before discounts, while the 787 Dreamliner has three variants priced between US$225 million and US$306 million. The airline is also poised to take delivery of six Airbus A350 wide-bodies, allowing it to move the same number of A380 superjumbos to a new sister carrier specialising in carrying people on the Hajj and Umrah pilgrimages. 720 seats With A350 handovers delayed by a shortage of interior fittings at Airbus, the first plane is due a couple of months late in November or December, Bellew said. All should arrive by June 2018, after which the A380s will be refitted to allow their capacity to be varied between 635 and 720 seats, with the airline commencing operations in December of that year. Dubbed Project Hope, the startup has yet to be given a permanent name, though most of its management team will be approved at a board meeting next week, Bellew said, adding that a CEO has yet to be chosen but will almost certainly be a Malaysian national. Long-term support deals have been struck with Airbus and engine maker Rolls-Royce Holdings Plc and that could extend to investment in the venture next year, he said. Malaysia Air had a loss last year that was less than half the internal forecast, it said March 1, and aims to reduce the deficit by more than half this year before becoming “consistently profitable” from 2018. — Bloomberg                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Bank Negara sees economy, exports growing faster in 2017 S.Korea throws shipbuilder Daewoo new US$6b lifeline Jack Ma optimistic about introducing Alipay e-wallet service in Malaysia Bursa Malaysia remains above 1,750 at mid-afteroon Ringgit to stabilise gradually, no more large outflow Australia PM, Musk discuss offer to fix power woes Deutsche Bank board to meet Sunday to discuss capital hike Selangor Zakat Board targets RM700m tithe collection in 2017 China capital controls leave buyers of foreign property in bind (VIDEO) Jack Ma to launch Alibaba’s regional distribution hub in Malaysia, sources say Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Related Articles Malaysia Airlines in talks to rent out A380s for pilgrim flights MAB shows steady progress on turnaround plan Bellew Malaysia Airlines CEO tomorrow Malaysia Airlines Bhd’s revenue per ASK up 10pc on route optimisation MAB CEO chooses subtle moves over ‘big bang’ change to boost staff morale Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity Aircraft Interiors IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Aircraft & Engines > Airframes > Boeing schedules 787-10’s first flight for March 31 Boeing schedules 787-10’s first flight for March 31 Mar 22, 2017 Aaron Karp EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 787-10 Boeing Related Media Photo Gallery: Boeing rolls out first 787-10 Advertisement Boeing plans to conduct the first flight of the 787-10, the third and largest Dreamliner variant, on March 31 from North Charleston, South Carolina. Boeing rolled out the first 787-10 from its plant in North Charleston, the exclusive site for 787-10 final assembly, in a Feb. 17 ceremony attended by US President Donald Trump. A media advisory sent to reporters indicates the 787-10 will take off at approximately 10 a.m. local time March 31 and fly for about 4 hr. and 30 min. The aircraft will be powered by Rolls-Royce Trent 1000 TEN engines. Boeing cautioned that weather or other factors could necessitate a change in the planned first flight date. An 18-ft. stretch of the 787-9, the 787-10 can seat 330 passengers in a single-class layout. Aaron Karp aaron.karp@penton.com Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Boeing rolls out first 737 MAX 9 Delta stops MD-88 scheduled operations at New York La Guardia Garuda Indonesia swaps to Heathrow from Gatwick   Passenger Experience/IFE-March 31, 2016   First MRJ test flight scheduled for latter half of October   Blogs & Commentary Mar 22, 2017 blog Keep calm, but don't carry on! The British Airways statement on the new rules forbidding laptops and other personal electronic devices in carry-on on certain flights is so British....More Mar 21, 2017 blog Casting a cloud over a movie star & a little boy sharing carrot juice Have years of work by Emirates and other airlines to cultivate a safe, friendly image in the US been spoiled in one fell swoop?...More Mar 21, 2017 blog Trying to make sense of the new TSA electronics ban I flew to Abu Dhabi for a short work trip in January and, if I’m honest, I found the security and screening processes at that airport ahead of my flight back to Washington DC a bit annoying. However, given today’s announcement about new US security rules for flights from that airport and nine others, most of them also in the Middle East, the focus of my annoyance has changed....More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location Mar 13, 2017 Article Aireon satellite-based ADS-B goes live on Iridium NEXT satellite Space-based ADS-B provider Aireon has taken full control of its ADS-B receiver installed on an Iridium NEXT satellite, following the launch of the first 10 satellites in January this year....More Mar 10, 2017 Article Satcom study unveils higher than expected benefits for airlines A study released at the World ATM Congress in Madrid this week suggests that satellite communication (satcom) in the cockpit has saved airlines more than $3 billion over the last 15 years....More Mar 9, 2017 Article World ATM Roundup-March 9, 2017 World ATM Roundup-March 9, 2017...More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Skip to main content DONATE SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTER Search form Search Thursday, March 23, 2017 Home World War & Peace Economy Climate Rights Solutions U.S. Canada The 'Morally Obscene' Trump Budget Repeal & Ruin Trump Resistance Drain What Swamp? Trump Sends Coal Lobbyist to EPA and Boeing Exec to DoD Published on Friday, March 17, 2017 by Common Dreams Drain What Swamp? Trump Sends Coal Lobbyist to EPA and Boeing Exec to DoD 'Personnel is policy' by Nika Knight, staff writer 0 Comments "How's that swamp draining going again?" (Photo: Defending Our Future/Twitter) A coal lobbyist and a Boeing executive are to be nominated to deputy positions at the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the Department of Defense (DoD), respectively, making President Donald Trump's campaign promises to "drain the swamp" continue to look like a lot of hot air. Andrew Wheeler, the lobbyist to be nominated as deputy EPA administrator, works for an oil and gas industry-serving law firm and is a registered lobbyist for Murray Energy, the largest privately-owned coal company in the country, according to The Hill. He also served on the staff of climate change denier Sen. Jim Inhofe (R-Okla.), and will join several fellow former Inhofe staffers at Scott Pruitt's EPA. Patrick Shanahan, meanwhile, is a top Boeing executive with no military or political experience. "He is, however, familiar with defense procurement from the business side,"  reports the Seattle Times, which notes that Shanahan "ran Boeing's military rotorcraft division in Philadelphia for two and a half years, where he was responsible for the Apache and Chinook helicopter programs as well as the V-22 Osprey tilt-rotor airplane." (On Friday, it was reported that an attack possibly from a U.S.-made Apache helicopter killed 31 Somali refugees off the coast of Yemen.) The coal lobbyist and Boeing executive join former ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson and a plethora of former Goldman Sachs executives in Trump's cabinet. These latest hires continue to confirm suspicions that Trump's policy isn't so much to drain the swamp, as to fill it. Trump's broken promises to drain the swamp weren't forgotten by observers: Goldman Sachs, Exxon, Boeing, and big coal run our government now. https://t.co/YaZ3701uG3 — Arden Jones (@ardenjones478) March 17, 2017 So Coal lobbyist to the EPA and Boeing VP to be second in command at Defense... how's that swamp draining going again? — President Sanford (@DanSantheMan) March 17, 2017 "Personnel is policy," as Washington Post correspondent James Hohmann tweeted: Personnel is policy: A coal lobbyist will be #2 at EPA, a Boeing exec will be #2 at DOD and Goldman's CEO celebrated alumni at WH/Treasury. — James Hohmann (@jameshohmann) March 17, 2017 This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 License Share This Article More in: U.S. , Donald Trump, Coal, Pentagon, EPA, Goldman Sachs, Corporate Power Top Comments (Click to see more comments or to join the conversation) Join the resistance! Sign Up for Newsletter   Today's Views Robert C. Koehler The Mosque That Disappeared Ira Chernus Why The Resistance Must Do More Than Resist Ralph Nader Stubborn Facts and the Lies That Kill Democracy Janelle Jones Trump’s Spending Cuts Would Create the Black America He’s Been Talking About Tom Gallagher The Democratic Party Left After the Ellison DNC Campaign: Unite or Fight? Brandon DeBot House GOP’s Proposed "Fix" for Health Bill Prioritizes Tax Cuts for Richest... Robert Reich President Trump and the Crisis of Governance Miles Mogulescu We Must Filibuster Gorsuch’s Federalist Society Agenda Ari Berman ﻿Neil Gorsuch Is Not Another Scalia. He’s the Next John Roberts. Peter Bloom The Democrats Should Stop Wishing on a "Star" and Start Helping to Build a Progressive Movement... Michael Winship 'There’s a Smell of Treason in the Air'... Norman Eisen, Richard Painter Trump's Unprecedented War on Ethics... More Views News That Matters 'Beyond Irregular': GOP Intel Chair Under Fire for Bizarre Trump Briefing RESIST DAY #62: What You Can Do Today Citing FBI Probe of Trump, Democrats Told to 'Declare National Emergency' Two Months In, Trump Breaking Every Vow to 'Drain the Swamp': Report Senate Might Let Internet Companies Sell User Data to 'Highest Bidder' Exxon Ordered to Recover 'Wayne Tracker' Emails It Claims Are Lost US Bombing Blamed for Killing Dozens of Civilians Sheltering in Syrian School Coal in 'Freefall' Worldwide, Report Finds Mississippi Bill Helps Enable Trump's "Sinister" Immigration Crackdown Trump Presidency Has Had "Most Failed" Start Ever, Says Historian More News Further Whose Streets? Our Streets. Portland Anarchists Will Fix Your Potholes To the challenge oft posed by skeptics of anarchism - 'But who will fix the roads?' - the tar-hauling, civic-minded crews of Oregon's Portland Anarchist Road Care have the (duh) answer: We will. Citing the key role of "community oriented direct action" and the "gross negligence" of a state apparatus that "cares more about funding a militarized police force" than patching potholes deadly to cars and bikes, anarchists have taken on that task because "these are our streets." Read More... More Further Connect With Us About Common Dreams Our Mission: To inform. To inspire. To ignite change for the common good. Common Dreams has been providing breaking news & views for the progressive community since 1997. We are independent, non-profit, advertising-free and 100% reader supported. About Common Dreams Key Staff Writers' Guidelines The Commons - Community Guidelines Privacy Policy Jobs Contact Us Common Dreams P.O. Box 443 Portland, ME 04112-0443 USA via Email: Editor News Tips? Article Submissions News Release Submissions Webmaster / General Info 207.775.0488 (voice)  207.775.0489 (fax) Common Dreams brings you the news that matters. DONATE Sign up for Newsletter Click to Sign Up Connect With Us  
Sorry!! The article you are trying to read is not available now. Log In Business News Politics And Regulation Markets The Economy Editor's Pick Trading And Investing Stocks ETFs Fixed Income Currencies Earnings Commodities Options Taxes Personal Finance How To Trade How To Invest sectors Biotech/pharma Consumer Energy Financial Global Markets Media Precious Metals Real Estate Technology Transportation special features Wall Of Worry Random Thoughts Sports Business Minyanville Press Hoofy & Boo Radio From The Buzz & Banter Daily Recap MV Education center Video t3 live subscriptions Buzz And Banter Cooper's Market Report Techstrat Report The Options Strategist Thank you very much; you're only a step away from downloading your reports. You will receive a download link right in your email inbox for each of the free reports that you choose. Minyanville See Why: Prepare For Another Leg Dow On $BA By Scutify Mar 21, 2017 1:23 pm PRINT   Stay Connected This article is published in collaboration with Scutify, where you can find real-time markets and stock commentary from Robert Marcin, Cody Willard and others. Download the Scutify iOS App, the Scutify Android App or visit Scutify.com. Since September 2016, Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) has run from $126.50 to an all-time high of $185.71. This 46% run was a little insane, any smart investor would admit. In the last two weeks, Boeing Co finally pulled back but only dropping from $185.71 to $177.00. Investors are nuts if they think a 4.5% drop in Boeing Co is the extend of the correction. Not even close. To prove this point, take note of the bear flag pattern forming off the small drop. This is a classic chart setup telling investors another drop is coming. The next leg lower will take the stock to a target of $170. View my trades and Verified performance right now, click here. Simply join Verified Investing for free and anytime I buy a stock/ETF, you will get an email. You can then opt-into the trade getting my exact entry price, target and stop. Those who take my trades, only reward me (a Verified Trader) with a few Dollars IF they get big winning trade information. This article was written by Markus Teller for on . This article published in collaboration with Scutify, the best app for traders and investors. Download the Scutify iOS App, the Scutify Android App or visit Scutify.com. < Previous 1 Next > View As One Page Click Here to read the disclaimer > Follow Us On Twitter PRINT   Get The Minyanville Daily Recap Newsletter Stay current on financial news, entertainment, education and smart market commentary. Subscribe   BA Stay Connected Featured Videos This application requires JavaScript. WHAT'S POPULAR IN THE VILLE 1 See Why: Prepare For Another Leg Dow On $BA 2 Dow Theory May Crack: Rally Stays Intact As Long As This Holds 3 Again? 4 Stocks Weak Amid Fed Hawkishness on Rate Hikes 5 Apple Inc. (AAPL) Gets the Edge With Another Galaxy S8 Leak See All Articles » More From Minyanville   Business News Trading and Investing Sectors Special Features MV PREMIUM MV Education Center Video Buzz & Banter Cooper's Market Report TechStrat Report The Options Strategist Sitemap Contributor Bios Directory of Terms Archive Email Alerts RSS Feeds T3 Live Subscriptions Minyanville Merchandise Company   MinyanLand Minyanville Media Buzz and Banter.com Ruby Peck Foundation About Us Advertise Contact Us Help Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Disclaimers   Follow Minyanville on Facebook   Follow minyanville on Twitter   Follow Minyanville on Linkedin   Subscribe to Our RSS Feed Partners   ©2017 Minyanville Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Boeing Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Sandhill Capital Partners LLC Purchases 434 Shares of Boeing Co (BA) Posted by Dave Schultz on Mar 22nd, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Sandhill Capital Partners LLC boosted its position in shares of Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) by 10.9% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 4,432 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock after buying an additional 434 shares during the period. Sandhill Capital Partners LLC’s holdings in Boeing were worth $690,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of BA. Scotia Capital Inc. increased its stake in Boeing by 1.9% in the fourth quarter. Scotia Capital Inc. now owns 96,798 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $15,088,000 after buying an additional 1,762 shares during the period. Guardian Capital LP bought a new stake in Boeing during the fourth quarter valued at about $461,000. Zurich Insurance Group Ltd FI increased its stake in Boeing by 9.3% in the fourth quarter. Zurich Insurance Group Ltd FI now owns 85,854 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $13,366,000 after buying an additional 7,333 shares during the period. Parallel Advisors LLC bought a new stake in Boeing during the fourth quarter valued at about $415,000. Finally, InterOcean Capital LLC increased its stake in Boeing by 2.0% in the fourth quarter. InterOcean Capital LLC now owns 89,191 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $13,885,000 after buying an additional 1,760 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 74.66% of the company’s stock. Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) opened at 175.96 on Wednesday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $173.88 and a 200-day moving average price of $152.92. Boeing Co has a one year low of $122.35 and a one year high of $185.71. The firm has a market capitalization of $107.77 billion, a PE ratio of 23.12 and a beta of 1.08. Boeing (NYSE:BA) last released its earnings results on Wednesday, January 25th. The aircraft producer reported $2.47 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $2.34 by $0.13. The business had revenue of $23.30 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $23.25 billion. Boeing had a return on equity of 239.48% and a net margin of 5.18%. Boeing’s quarterly revenue was down 1.2% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned $1.60 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts forecast that Boeing Co will post $9.30 earnings per share for the current year. Your IP Address: Several analysts have recently issued reports on BA shares. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Boeing from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. Deutsche Bank AG upped their price target on Boeing from $195.00 to $205.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, March 6th. Morgan Stanley downgraded Boeing from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating and upped their price target for the stock from $185.00 to $190.00 in a research note on Monday, March 13th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Royal Bank of Canada started coverage on Boeing in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. They set an “underperform” rating and a $136.00 price target for the company. Finally, Vetr upgraded Boeing from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $153.66 price target for the company in a research note on Thursday, December 22nd. Six research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating and twelve have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Boeing has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $159.50. In related news, SVP Thomas J. Downey sold 1,000 shares of Boeing stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, January 31st. The stock was sold at an average price of $163.93, for a total transaction of $163,930.00. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, EVP J Michael Luttig sold 102,080 shares of Boeing stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, February 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $166.76, for a total value of $17,022,860.80. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders sold 206,827 shares of company stock worth $34,170,203. 0.58% of the stock is owned by company insiders. Boeing Company Profile The Boeing Company is an aerospace company. The Company’s segments include Commercial Airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS), such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). The Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft and provides related support services, to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Co (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous AMF Pensionsforsakring AB Sells 212,589 Shares of Mastercard Inc (MA) Next » Public Sector Pension Investment Board Maintains Position in Sonic Automotive Inc (SAH) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Boeing Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) 2,961 Shares in Boeing Co (BA) Acquired by Guardian Capital LP Posted by William Strong on Mar 22nd, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Guardian Capital LP bought a new stake in shares of Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund bought 2,961 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock, valued at approximately $461,000. Several other hedge funds have also modified their holdings of BA. Searle & CO. purchased a new stake in Boeing during the third quarter worth approximately $1,406,000. Advisory Services Network LLC boosted its stake in Boeing by 21.9% in the third quarter. Advisory Services Network LLC now owns 10,135 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $1,335,000 after buying an additional 1,824 shares in the last quarter. Stokes & Hubbell Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in Boeing by 34.0% in the third quarter. Stokes & Hubbell Capital Management LLC now owns 4,866 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $641,000 after buying an additional 1,235 shares in the last quarter. Oliver Luxxe Assets LLC boosted its stake in Boeing by 7.3% in the third quarter. Oliver Luxxe Assets LLC now owns 12,874 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $1,696,000 after buying an additional 880 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Stillwater Investment Management LLC boosted its stake in Boeing by 0.8% in the third quarter. Stillwater Investment Management LLC now owns 1,965 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $259,000 after buying an additional 16 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 74.66% of the company’s stock. Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) opened at 175.96 on Wednesday. Boeing Co has a 52 week low of $122.35 and a 52 week high of $185.71. The company has a 50-day moving average of $173.88 and a 200-day moving average of $152.92. The company has a market capitalization of $107.77 billion, a PE ratio of 23.12 and a beta of 1.08. Boeing (NYSE:BA) last released its earnings results on Wednesday, January 25th. The aircraft producer reported $2.47 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $2.34 by $0.13. The firm had revenue of $23.30 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $23.25 billion. Boeing had a net margin of 5.18% and a return on equity of 239.48%. The company’s quarterly revenue was down 1.2% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned $1.60 earnings per share. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Boeing Co will post $9.30 EPS for the current year. Your IP Address: BA has been the subject of a number of recent analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Boeing from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. Deutsche Bank AG upped their price objective on shares of Boeing from $195.00 to $205.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, March 6th. Morgan Stanley cut shares of Boeing from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating and upped their price objective for the company from $185.00 to $190.00 in a research report on Monday, March 13th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Royal Bank of Canada initiated coverage on shares of Boeing in a research report on Thursday, January 12th. They issued an “underperform” rating and a $136.00 price objective for the company. Finally, Vetr upgraded shares of Boeing from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $153.66 price objective for the company in a research report on Thursday, December 22nd. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating and twelve have issued a buy rating to the company. Boeing has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $159.50. In related news, EVP J Michael Luttig sold 102,080 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, February 7th. The shares were sold at an average price of $166.76, for a total transaction of $17,022,860.80. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, Vice Chairman Raymond L. Conner sold 96,174 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, February 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $163.72, for a total transaction of $15,745,607.28. Following the sale, the insider now owns 95,852 shares in the company, valued at $15,692,889.44. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders sold 206,827 shares of company stock worth $34,170,203. Corporate insiders own 0.58% of the company’s stock. About Boeing The Boeing Company is an aerospace company. The Company’s segments include Commercial Airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS), such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). The Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft and provides related support services, to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Co (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Lowers Position in Trex Company Inc (TREX) Next » AMF Pensionsforsakring AB Sells 212,589 Shares of Mastercard Inc (MA) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
X Close Entertainment Movies Music TV People People Style Men Women Culture Arts Books Design Food Food News Eating Out Recipes Health Wellness Fitness Nutrition Family Family Living Living Travel Malaysia Asia & Oceania Americas Europe Africa Videos Entertainment Movies Review: Life Filipina actress Jaclyn Jose is still winning awards Did Lisa Kudrow sing Smelly Cat to her son? Which The Matrix film is your favourite? Music When K-pop star Kim Jae-joong thrilled fans in Bangkok How good is EXO in a live show? We have the answer Review: All Your Fault: Pt 1 by Bebe Rexha 5 Lorde music videos to re-watch TV Malaysian actor Idris Khan cast in Netflix series 10 Game Of Thrones secrets you may not have known A potential Malaysian wrestler on WWE? Yes, please Actor Hafidz Roshdi recalls the day he punched a guy People People Emma Watson will tell you anything, except where she lives She quit her job and went to see the world on her bicycle A potential Malaysian wrestler on WWE? Yes, please British crime author Colin Dexter, creator of Inspector Morse, dies Style Men The Bell & Ross RS17 Renault Formula One watches combine precision and speed From Chatuchak Market to global market How long should you keep your beauty oils before throwing them away? This hot actor is Instagram's King Of Catwalk Women 5 Malaysian lipstick brands to check out The Bell & Ross RS17 Renault Formula One watches combine precision and speed These fashion accessories will inspire you to start a new look Hats are having a moment at fashion weeks Culture Arts Are you ready to laugh non-stop at LOL Fest in KL? 5 photographers show how light and shadow work together How to build a gallery from scratch This museum has exhibits very few people have seen Books British crime author Colin Dexter, creator of Inspector Morse, dies Meet Iron Fist, the latest Marvel hero to get his own TV show Would you read Cara Delevingne's book? Discover the magical world of wayang kulit, through a book Design Malaysian, Singaporeans saving houses in Japan Fancy living in a real-life Lego house? What’s hot in European furnishing? Shipping containers as homes, anyone? Food Food News Hot Korean chicks alert! Food magazine 'Lucky Peach' is closing This place has the best fries in Brussels, but it has to go 'Barbecue', a love letter to grilled meat Eating Out Closer to Thai (food) heaven Porcine delights Nonya food and inspired cocktails in Bangsar When in Hanoi, be sure to try this rolled rice cake Recipes 3 recipes from 'The Malaysian Kitchen' Porky, finger-licking good ideas 3 recipes from 'Nonya Heritage Kitchen' This young cook combines art and science Health Wellness Here are facts about cellulite every woman should know It’s never too early to develop good digestive habits Are you sure the diet you're following is actually good for your health? Get the peaceful sleep you have always wanted. Here's how Fitness Here are facts about cellulite every woman should know Extra protein won't help you build muscle, and may be bad for health Try 5-minute workouts Plan on running a marathon? This food plan will boost your performance Nutrition Extra protein won't help you build muscle, and may be bad for health Are you sure the diet you're following is actually good for your health? Many don't know that these foods are really great for weight loss Plan on running a marathon? This food plan will boost your performance Family Family Meet Julia, Sesame Street's newest muppet with autism It’s never too early to develop good digestive habits Being a parent may extend your life, study says Did Lisa Kudrow sing Smelly Cat to her son? Living Living Can you guess the world's most expensive city? What will happen to the former South Korean president's dogs? Emma Watson will tell you anything, except where she lives Sentul community grows a food garden Travel Malaysia Malindo Air - First in the world with the Boeing 737 Max TripAdvisor names the world’s best beaches for 2017 History comes alive with National Museum volunteer guides Airlines opened over 3,000 new routes in 2016 Asia & Oceania Google Street Maps takes cameras into volcanoes Pretend you're in 'Baywatch', stay at this lifeguard tower Asians want to visit Asia in 2017 The magical winter of Eastern Hokkaido Americas Tours for architecture geeks Peek into Bermuda – the country not the shorts Canada travel tips, as told by this American Hawaii: Magical islands in the sun Europe Tours for architecture geeks Warsaw is where the heart is Come to Portugal, stay for the heaven-sent food Portugal is a dream destination you need to check out Africa Security is travellers' No. 1 concern These are the coolest places to travel to in 2017 Blink but don't miss a visit to Swaziland Somalia's cave art faces a rocky future Videos A taste of whats to come. The Boeing 737-8 Max. Photo: Wikimedia CommonsMalaysia Home Travel Transport Malindo Air – First in the world with the Boeing 737 Max March 22, 2017 Malaysia, Transport, Travel By S.S. YOGA Related Articles Malindo Air: New route to Medan Hello, Perth Malindo Air will be the first carrier in the world to fly the latest Boeing, the Boeing 737 Max! The airline will take delivery of up to four Boeing 737 Max planes sometime this year. The new planes are seen as a successor to the Boeing 737 Next Generation series, which currently make up all of the jet fleet of Malindo Air. This was announced by Malindo Air CEO Chandran Rama Muthy on March 21 at the Langkawi International Maritime and Aerospace Exhibition (Lima ‘17). He said that the new aircraft would allow Malindo to go to further destination up to a flying time of seven hours and 30 minutes. He added that the new 737 Max offered lower operating costs with better fuel efficiency due to its new engines and aerodynamic improvements, including the advanced technology winglets. The airplane would operate under the single-aisle configuration. Tags boeing 737 max Malindo Air new boeing single-aisle Next article Extra protein won't help you build muscle, and may be bad for health Previous article Being a parent may extend your life, study says You May Be Interested Americas Tours for architecture geeks Adventure She quit her job and went to see the world on her bicycle Americas Peek into Bermuda – the country not the shorts 2 Comments Jordan March 23, 2017 at 12:35 am Reply ↓ You’re very mistaken. Norwegian will be the first to fly the MAX in revune service, and Southwest is the launch customer and alreay has theirs flying. George March 23, 2017 at 2:53 am Reply ↓ So you take Malindo Air’s word over Boeing documents? Boeing says Norwegian Air Shuttle will be the first. All comments are moderated. Your comment may not show up immediately. Please keep it clean and on topic. Offensive comments will not be published. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Advertisement Most Viewed Tours for architecture geeks Malindo Air – First in the world with the Boeing 737 Max Peek into Bermuda – the country not the shorts Canada travel tips, as told by this American TripAdvisor names the world’s best beaches for 2017 Topics Adventure Hotels Transport Advertisement Advertisement Entertainment People Style Culture Food Health Family Living Travel Videos Back to top About Star2.com Star2.com is the lifestyle portal of The Star Media Group. Star2.com features stories on Entertainment, People, Style, Culture, Food, Health, Family, Living and Travel. Additional Information About us Terms of Use Contact us Privacy Policy Mobile App Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Chicago News Chance the Rapper, Arcade Fire among Lollapalooza 2017 lineup Chicago News Coast Guard volunteer commodore Elaine Hofer-Hermanson, 82, dies Chicago News Loose snake slumbers on Alaska flight Chicago Cops seek suspects in Facebook Live gang rape of 15-year-old girl Columnists Steinberg: Pablo Neruda, your guide to the Home + Housewares Show Chicago Jesse Jackson Jr. says couple owes $1.8M: ‘Something has to give’ Chicago Red-light changes nowhere near enough, alderman says Chicago News 2 key figures in underground comics with Chicago ties have died Chicago News Martin McGuinness, IRA leader turned peacemaker, dies at 66 Chicago State’s highest court considers BGA lawsuit against IHSA 32° News Trending Chicago Public Schools Crime Life on a Ledge News Home Sports Home Politics Home Entertainment Home Columnists Home Opinion Home Lifestyles Home Autos Obits Education Crime Business Chicago Transportation Sponsored Content News Chicago News 03/21/2017, 10:29pm 10 more passengers sue after engine fire on O’Hare tarmac In this photo provided by passenger Jose Castillo, fellow passengers walk away from a burning American Airlines jet that aborted takeoff and caught fire on the runway at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport on Friday, Oct. 28, 2016. Pilots on Flight 383 bound for Miami reported an engine-related mechanical issue, according to an airline spokeswoman. | Jose Castillo/ Distributed by the Associated Press. Sun-Times Wire email Sign-Up for our News & Politics Newsletter  Sign-Up Ten passengers have filed lawsuits against Boeing, General Electric Aviation and American Airlines after the airplane they were on caught fire last October on the tarmac of O’Hare International Airport when part of an engine failed. Eighteen other passengers filed a similar lawsuit against the companies last November, alleging that General Electric Aviation sold a faulty engine that Boeing used to assemble an unsafe 767 aircraft. The passengers also claimed American Airlines employees should have done a better job inspecting the plane, and that they failed to provide “assistance, supervision and instruction” during evacuation. The latest series of lawsuits, filed Tuesday in Cook County Circuit Court, made similar allegations. “We’re proud of our pilots, flight attendants and other team members who responded quickly to take care of our customers under very challenging circumstances,” an American Airlines representative said in an email. “American is actively participating in the National Transportation Safety Board’s investigation and will continue to work with the NTSB and the other parties to the investigation of this event.” A Boeing spokesman declined to comment. Messages seeking comment from GE were not immediately returned. An NTSB report issued a week after the fire said one of the fractures on the turbine disk of the engine was “consistent with fatigue cracking.” Takeoff was aborted due to the “uncontained engine failure” that led to fuel pooling under the plane’s right wing, which then burst into flames, authorities said. One piece of the turbine disk went through the inboard section of the right wing, over the fuselage and into a UPS warehouse facility more than a half-mile away. Another piece was found about 1,600 feet away, but it was still on O’Hare property, authorities said. No fire breached the cabin, and the 20 hospitalized passengers had been released a night after the fire. The new ten-count suits, which allege negligence and strict product liability, seek $500,000 in damages from Boeing, GE and American. # lawsuit Chicago Previously from Chicago News City worker yanked out of NW Side after writing thousands of tix Girl who was gang raped on Facebook Live getting online threats Of 10 largest metro areas in U.S., only Chicago's loses residents Far South Side man charged with murder of second child Stories from around the web you may like Currently Trending dear abby Dear Abby: Friends are ignoring the loss of our cat chicago City worker yanked out of NW Side after writing thousands of tix chicago news Girl who was gang raped on Facebook Live getting online threats basketball Everyone got a little muddy when Brad Underwood bolted to Illini – Chicago Sun-Times chicago news Far South Side man charged with murder of second child CAPTION Post to Cancel
Fri, 10 March 2017 Travel News Asia Travel News Asia - Subscribe to Daily Email Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Exclusive HD Video Interviews with VIPs Podcasts of HD Video Interviews - New! Picture Galleries Media Services Book Reviews Travel / Tech Gear Travel Trade Rates Travel Trade Shows Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Travel News Asia - Archives Travel News Asia - About Travel News Asia - Contact Travel News Asia - Twitter Travel News Asia - YouTube Travel News Asia - Home ☰ TravelNewsAsia.com Media Services HD Video Interviews Podcasts Travel News Boeing 737 Max 8 Receives FAA Certification The U.S. Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) has certified the Boeing 737 Max 8 for commercial service. To earn certification for the 737 Max 8, Boeing undertook a comprehensive test program that began just over one year ago with four airplanes, plus ground and laboratory testing. Following a rigorous certification process, the FAA granted Boeing an Amended Type Certificate for the 737 Max 8, verifying the design complies with required aviation regulations and is safe and reliable. "This certification is a true testament to the dedication and commitment of our entire Max team throughout the process, from airplane design to flight testing," said Keith Leverkuhn, vice president and general manager, 737 Max program, Boeing Commercial Airplanes. "The Renton team looks forward to delivering superior efficiency, reliability and design to our customers as they start to receive their 737 Max aircraft in the next few months." The 737 Max incorporates the latest technology CFM International LEAP-1B engines, Advanced Technology winglets and other improvements to deliver more efficiency, reliability and passenger comfort in the single-aisle market. Boeing is now in the final stages of preparing for the first 737 Max 8 delivery to customers which is expected to take place in the coming months. See other recent news regarding: Boeing, FAA, Certification. Subscribe to our Latest Travel News Daily Email Free of Charge by simply entering your email address to the right. You can also stay updated with our RSS Feed and even add the travel news to your website. Have questions? Please read our travel news FAQ.       Sustainable Hotels and MICE Criteo Travel Flash Report Colombian Chef in Singapore Japan Tourism Update Sabre TTX APAC 2016 Destination Spa Management CEO of Travelodge Thailand Myanmar Tourism Update Birth of Luxury Thai Hotel Brand Thai AirAsia X A330-300 PAL President & COO Thai Vietjet A320-200 Qatar Airways B787 Emirates A380 Thai Airways B777-300ER | | | | | | Tweet Virgin Australia to Launch Melbourne - Hong Kong Flights Rosewood Signs Hotel in Hoi An, Vietnam APAC Hotels Report Increase in OR, RevPAR Sunway Putra Hotel KL Appoints GM Finnair to Suspend Miami Flights; Reduce Chicago Morocco Partners Int. Year of Sustainable Tourism Exec Appointments at American Airlines Tickets for Singapore 7s on StubHub Pop-Up Hotel Opens in Tel Aviv, Israel Bombardier Service Centres Earn FAA Diamond Awards Air Astana Offering Free Expo Tickets Ryanair Takes Delivery of 450th B737-800 Malaysia Airlines Signs A350 Flight Training Deal Cyberbit Win Tech Leadership Award SpiceRoads Launches Family Cycling Tour of Vietnam Honeywell Signs Engine Deal with Dirgantara Indonesia Cobalt Air Appoints APG as GSA in Four Markets United Modernizes Screening at Newark US Hotels Report RevPAR Increase Pictures of 2017 King's Cup Elephant Polo SEA World's Fastest Growing Travel and Tourism Region First Autograph Collection Hotel Opens in China CX to Upgrade Perth Flights with A350 Saab Appoints New Head of Market - APAC Dirgantara Indonesia Delivers 50th H225 Rear Fuselage to Airbus Bars in HK Offer Special Discounts for HK7s Four Seasons Resort Hualalai Appoints GM Jet Airways and Jetstar Asia to Codeshare Redefine|BDL Hotels Eyes European Expansion Delta to Launch Chicago - Seattle Flights Bayat Hotel in Abha Appoints GM St. Regis Bali Appoints Director of MarComs BA Adds First English Sparkling White Wine to First Class Aircraft Recycling Int. Acquires UAM PortMiami Installs Dual-View X-Ray Screeners Penang to Upgrade Swettenham Pier Cruise Terminal Lee Gardens to be Part of World's Best Sevens Party Vietjet to Increase Bangkok - Chiang Mai Flights India's Jet Airways Partners Uber Airbus to Open Training Facility in India Fairmont Jakarta Appoints DOSM Boeing's 9th WGS Satellite Launched into Orbit Combat System Trainer Delivered to Navy in NZ Future of Avani Hotels - HD Video Interview with Group Director Why Are Panama Hats So Famous? Interview with MonPanama SITA Forms New Group to Address Airport Security Threats Boeing Signs $3.4b Contract for 268 AH-64E Apache Helicopters Hong Kong to Compete in Borneo Sevens Mantra Supports World Science Festival Brisbane Canada's New Safety Rules for Drones Air India to Launch Tel Aviv Flights Official Draw for Hong Kong Sevens 2017 British & Irish Lions Strengthens Coaching Team Tallink Expands Distribution with Hahn Air Lancaster London to Relaunch as Royal Lancaster London Sabre Report Helps Hotels Maximize Revenue Movenpick Hotels to Feature Sleep Rooms Air Astana and Lufthansa to Codeshare Finnair Cancels 90+ Flights on 17 March Ottawa Airport Installs New Technology Alitalia's Board Approves Turnaround Plan Air Canada to Launch Vancouver-Boston Global Loyalty Company Surpasses 20m Members Etihad to Launch A380 Flights to Paris, France MasterCard Partners Eko-Pay 161,656 Hotel Rooms Under Contract in Europe Facial Recognition Added to Self-Bag Drop Air Canada to Resume Montreal-Washington Team Mekhong Wins Kingâ€™s Cup Elephant Polo CDB Aviation Orders 30 Boeing 737 Max 8s 576,109 Hotel Rooms Under Contract in APAC Vietjet to Launch Phuket - Chiang Rai Flights New South Korean Airline Orders 8 Airbus A320ceo Etihad Cargo Takes Delivery of 10th Freighter Touchless Bag Drop at London Luton Airport IATA Urges Air Cargo Modernization SIA Codesharing on Vistara Flights 578,508 Hotel Rooms Under Contract in USA EASA Cert for Ka-band Retrofit on Global Aircraft Marco Polo Appoints Group Director of Purchasing AA to Offer Free Meals on Coast-to-Coast Flights Show More Travel News Hahn Air Appoints Head of Global Account Management Napoli Airport Installs Self-Service Bag Drop AHS Signs Eastin Hotel and Residences in Hanoi Radisson Blu Opens in Bengaluru, India 2016 Airline Safety Performance Report Marco Polo Appoints Group Director of HR Iran Air Takes Delivery of First New A330-200 Saab Wins Istanbul New Airport Deal CX, EK, LH and SQ Join Airbus Routehappy Alliance Boeing Wins 5-Year Contract to Sustain ROKAF's F-15Ks United Airlines Employees Rally to Protect Jobs Honeywell Launches ADS-B Cockpit Upgrade Program Elephant Conservation in Thailand - Interview Pictures of 2017 King's Cup Elephant Polo Airlines in AU and NZ Establish Industry Group - A4ANZ Cathay Increases Flights to Key Destinations IHG Appoints Chief Development Officer AMEA Turkish Airlines to Launch New Russia Flights Smiths Detection Appoints Distributor in Brazil B737 Max 8 Receives FAA Certification Exec Appointments at Wyndham Hotel Group Swiss Takes Delivery of Sixth CS100 Aircraft Brisbane Airport Trials New Boarding Gate Technology Qatar Airways Launches QSuites Alitalia to Cease All Reggio Calabria Flights Finnair Warns of Cancelled Flights Sabre Airline Solutions to Begin Search for New President Airbus Eyes Major MRO Facility in Thailand IAG Becomes EAN Launch Customer Exec Appointments at Jumeirah Hotels in Dubai Aviation: Pax Demand Growth Hits 5-Year Peak Oakwood Studios Opens in Singapore Marriott Opens Moxy Hotel in London AVC to Support Freedom Story at Elephant Polo Sabre Expands Distribution with Hertz Belmond and PeruRail to Enhance Ops with Tech One of World's Most Luxurious Hotels Appoints GM Search for Flights by Aircraft Type Boeing Celebrates Rollout of First 737 Max 9 Renaissance Resort to Open in Pattaya Dusit Signs Wetland Park Resort in Nanjing Accor to Take Over 26 Hotels in Brazil Air Cargo: FTKs Up 6.9% in January 2017 Peninsula Appoints Dir. of Global Comms Executive Appointments at Yotel 2nd Global 7000 Joins Flight Test Program Travix Appoints VP Customer Ops New Hotel Adds 587 Rooms to Impact Muang Thong Thani Smiths Detection to Enhance Security at Kansai Airport Al Bait Sharjah to Open Q4 2017 Peninsula Appoints VP of Marketing Jack Bain's Bar at 137 Pillars House in Chiang Mai SITA to Enhance Aeromexico's Network Connectivity QinetiQ Orders Four Airbus H125s Thai Airways Waives Ticket Change Surcharge Saab Signs Deal with NATS to Deliver Remote Tower Demonstrator Renowned Architect Relaunches Luxury Bali Resort Amadeus Makes Rail Travel More Accessible Lockheed Hybrid Aircraft Targets China Prague Airport to Upgrade Communications Movenpick Signs New Hotel in Saudi Arabia Precision Aviation Expands Inventory for AW139 Boeing Proposes MH-139 as UH-1N Huey Replacement Diethelm Appoints Group Product & Contracting Director airberlin Appoints SVP Commercial Strategy & Distribution Beneteau Establishes RHQ in Hong Kong Delta Launches New Boarding Process in Atlanta Emirates to Upgrade A380 Experience Accor Opens First Mercure Hotel in KL A321neo Powered by CFM LEAP-1A Engines Receives TC Finnair, Skyscanner and Amadeus Join Forces EgyptAir and Etihad Airways to Codeshare airberlin Appoints Chief Commercial Officer Solar Power for Tanah Merah Ferry Terminal FCS Relocates Global HQ to Singapore Air Caraibes Receives First A350-900 Dusit Thani Extends Bangkok Lease; Unveils New Plans King's Cup Elephant Polo to Take Place in Bangkok 9-12 March Singapore Pilots Account-Based Ticketing System for Public Transport Korean Air Unveils First B787-9 Movenpick Opens Serviced Apartments in Bangkok, Thailand First Anantara Hotel in Europe to Open 1 April Travelport Receives NDC Aggregator Cert from IATA Future of Avani Hotels - HD Video Interview with Group Director Why Are Panama Hats So Famous? Interview with MonPanama Elephant Conservation in Thailand - Interview Travelodge Hotels Asia HD Video Interview Margarita Forés - Interview with Asia's Best Female Chef Ascott's Brands and Expansion Plans - HD Video Interview HD Videos from AAPA's 60th Assembly of Presidents Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, Thailand Pictures of 2016 King's Cup Elephant Polo in Bangkok Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Travel News Asia - HD Videos / Interviews Travel News Asia - Podcasts of Interviews Travel News Asia - High-Res Picture Galleries Travel News Asia - Subscribe to Email Travel News Asia - Twitter Travel News Asia - YouTube Travel News Asia - Archives Travel News Asia - Home Page Show Less Travel News | | | | | | Tweet Latest Travel News Pictures of 2017 King's Cup Elephant Polo Future of Avani Hotels - HD Video Interview with Group Director Virgin Australia to Launch Melbourne - Hong Kong Flights Rosewood Signs Hotel in Hoi An, Vietnam APAC Hotels Report Increase in OR, RevPAR Sunway Putra Hotel KL Appoints GM Finnair to Suspend Miami Flights; Reduce Chicago Morocco Partners Int. Year of Sustainable Tourism Exec Appointments at American Airlines Tickets for Singapore 7s on StubHub Pop-Up Hotel Opens in Tel Aviv, Israel Bombardier Service Centres Earn FAA Diamond Awards Air Astana Offering Free Expo Tickets Ryanair Takes Delivery of 450th B737-800 Malaysia Airlines Signs A350 Flight Training Deal Cyberbit Win Tech Leadership Award SpiceRoads Launches Family Cycling Tour of Vietnam Honeywell Signs Engine Deal with Dirgantara Indonesia Cobalt Air Appoints APG as GSA in Four Markets United Modernizes Screening at Newark US Hotels Report RevPAR Increase SEA World's Fastest Growing Travel and Tourism Region First Autograph Collection Hotel Opens in China CX to Upgrade Perth Flights with A350 Saab Appoints New Head of Market - APAC Dirgantara Indonesia Delivers 50th H225 Rear Fuselage to Airbus Bars in HK Offer Special Discounts for HK7s Four Seasons Resort Hualalai Appoints GM Jet Airways and Jetstar Asia to Codeshare Redefine|BDL Hotels Eyes European Expansion Delta to Launch Chicago - Seattle Flights Bayat Hotel in Abha Appoints GM St. Regis Bali Appoints Director of MarComs BA Adds First English Sparkling White Wine to First Class Aircraft Recycling Int. Acquires UAM PortMiami Installs Dual-View X-Ray Screeners Future of Avani Hotels - HD Video Interview with Group Director Penang to Upgrade Swettenham Pier Cruise Terminal Lee Gardens to be Part of World's Best Sevens Party Vietjet to Increase Bangkok - Chiang Mai Flights India's Jet Airways Partners Uber Airbus to Open Training Facility in India Fairmont Jakarta Appoints DOSM Boeing's 9th WGS Satellite Launched into Orbit Combat System Trainer Delivered to Navy in NZ Why Are Panama Hats So Famous? Interview with MonPanama SITA Forms New Group to Address Airport Security Threats Boeing Signs $3.4b Contract for 268 AH-64E Apache Helicopters Hong Kong to Compete in Borneo Sevens Mantra Supports World Science Festival Brisbane Canada's New Safety Rules for Drones Air India to Launch Tel Aviv Flights Official Draw for Hong Kong Sevens 2017 British & Irish Lions Strengthens Coaching Team Tallink Expands Distribution with Hahn Air Lancaster London to Relaunch as Royal Lancaster London Sabre Report Helps Hotels Maximize Revenue Movenpick Hotels to Feature Sleep Rooms Air Astana and Lufthansa to Codeshare Finnair Cancels 90+ Flights on 17 March Ottawa Airport Installs New Technology Alitalia's Board Approves Turnaround Plan Air Canada to Launch Vancouver-Boston Global Loyalty Company Surpasses 20m Members Etihad to Launch A380 Flights to Paris, France MasterCard Partners Eko-Pay 161,656 Hotel Rooms Under Contract in Europe Facial Recognition Added to Self-Bag Drop Air Canada to Resume Montreal-Washington Mekhong Wins King's Cup Elephant Polo CDB Aviation Orders 30 Boeing 737 Max 8s 576,109 APAC Hotel Rooms Under Contract Vietjet to Launch Phuket - Chiang Rai New South Korean Airline Orders 8 Airbus Etihad Cargo Takes Delivery of 10th Freighter Touchless Bag Drop at London Luton Airport IATA Urges Air Cargo Modernization SIA Codesharing on Vistara Flights 578,508 Hotel Rooms Under Contract in USA EASA Cert for Ka-band Retrofit on Global Aircraft Marco Polo Appoints Group Director of Purchasing AA to Offer Free Meals on Coast-to-Coast Flights Hahn Air Appoints Head of Global Account Management Napoli Airport Installs Self-Service Bag Drop AHS Signs Eastin Hotel and Residences in Hanoi Radisson Blu Opens in Bengaluru, India Pictures of 2017 King's Cup Elephant Polo Future of Avani Hotels - HD Video Interview with Group Director Why Are Panama Hats So Famous? Interview with MonPanama Elephant Conservation in Thailand - Interview Travelodge Hotels Asia HD Video Interview Margarita Forés - Interview with Asia's Best Female Chef Ascott's Brands and Expansion Plans - HD Video Interview HD Videos from AAPA's 60th Assembly of Presidents Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, TH HD Videos and Interviews Podcasts from HD Video Interviews High-Res Picture Galleries Travel News Asia - Home Page Advertising Advertising Advertise Here Share This Page | | | Tweet Latest HD Videos Advertising Latest Picture Galleries Other Topics Book Reviews Cambodia Foreign Currency Dubai Hong Kong Hong Kong Sevens Indonesia Japan Kan Tiang Beach Lanta Latest Travel News Media Services Philippines Picture Galleries Pimalai Divers - Lanta Podcasts - New Singapore Thailand Travel News Archives Travel Technology Travel Tips Travel Trade Rates Travel Trade Shows Videos - HD Vietnam Contact Details | Privacy | About Us | TravelNewsAsia.com Copyright © 1997-2017 ASIATravelTips.com / TravelNewsAsia.com Copyright © 1997-2017 ASIATravelTips.com/TravelNewsAsia.com
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Wednesday, 22 March 2017 Malindo Air to get new Boeing planes by david tan Kirana: ‘The new technology allows the aircraft to burn less fuel. LANGKAWI: Lion Group is spending US$23bil to buy new Boeing 737 Max and Boeing 737 Next Generation aircraft for Malindo Air. Co-founder of Lion Group, Rusdi Kirana said Malindo Air would be the first in the world to use the Boeing 737 Max, which could generate 20% savings in fuel cost. “The first of the Boeing 737 Max will be delivered over a 10-year period starting in May. “The Boeing 737 Next Generation (NG) are in the process of being delivered,” Kirana said after making the announcement at Lima 2017. Malindo Air chief executive officer Chandra Rama Muthy said the Boeing 737 Max offered lower operating costs with better fuel efficiency due to its new engines and aerodynamic improvements, including the advanced technology winglets. “The new technology allows the aircraft to burn less fuel and lowers operational costs, allowing us to offer competitive fares,” he added. Chandran added that the new aircraft was able to cover further destinations flying for 7 hours and 30 minutes. “This will help attract tourists to our country as it will drive down the costs of air fare. “It is a single-aisle aircraft that will generate a 20% lower fuel use than the first Next-Generation 737s, making it the lowest operating cost in its class – 8% per seat less than its nearest competitor,” he added. Malindo Air currently has 16 ATR72-600 and 26 Boeing 737NG next generation aircraft as of 2017. Tags / Keywords: Airlines , Stocks , Earnings , Corporate News , Investing , Malindo Related Stories Related Stories Special dividend in the offing for AirAsia investors? Malindo Air collaborates with ERL for check-in services Airlines to charge for food, seats and other facilities to up ancillary income Price war among airlines intensifying, lower fares seen Malindo Air partners Qatar Airways to connect passengers to a 100 destinations You May Be Interested Three ways to protect social media accounts from pirates and hackers Geely pulls out of buying Malaysia’s Proton, as its profits surge by 126% Maybank and CIMB to enable Alipay mobile wallet in Malaysia Doctors no different from soldiers Staying connected through social media Is technology ruining your relationship? You May Be Interested Three ways to protect social media accounts from pirates and hackers Geely pulls out of buying Malaysia’s Proton, as its profits surge by 126% Maybank and CIMB to enable Alipay mobile wallet in Malaysia Doctors no different from soldiers Staying connected through social media Is technology ruining your relationship? Others Also Read Residents safe after landslide hits longhouse Firefighters remove python found under car bonnet Empty offices, wary lenders - China's faltering bid for AC Milan Property Related advertisement Latest News Taiwan unveils RM128bil stimulus amid uncertainty over US, China Executing it right EU says considering lower requirements for fintech services Malaysia-EU trade to grow by 20%-30% with FTA Late selling sends KLCI down 1.3 points Most Viewed in Business Executing it right Ringgit continues downward trend against us$ early Thursday Geely pulls out of buying Malaysia’s Proton, as its profits surge by 126% Maybank and CIMB to enable Alipay mobile wallet in Malaysia Highlights of Bank Negara Annual Report 2016 Late selling sends KLCI down 1.3 points Bank Negara: 1992 forex losses investigation underway Malaysia Airlines seeks new widebody planes as jets fill up Malaysia-EU trade to grow by 20%-30% with FTA Eco World International’s IPO oversubscribed nearly 9 times advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Mon, 13 March 2017 Travel News Asia Travel News Asia - Subscribe to Daily Email Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Exclusive HD Video Interviews with VIPs Podcasts of HD Video Interviews - New! Picture Galleries Media Services Book Reviews Travel / Tech Gear Travel Trade Rates Travel Trade Shows Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Travel News Asia - Archives Travel News Asia - About Travel News Asia - Contact Travel News Asia - Twitter Travel News Asia - YouTube Travel News Asia - Home ☰ TravelNewsAsia.com Media Services HD Video Interviews Podcasts Travel News Boeing Wins Five-Year Contract to Sustain ROKAF’s F-15K Fleet Boeing has signed a five-year contract to continue long-term sustainment of the Republic of Korea Air Force’s (ROKAF) F-15K aircraft, supporting to the fleet’s readiness. “This approach guarantees materials and technical support required for aircraft maintenance over many years while managing costs,” said Tim Buerk, director, F-15 sustainment in the Far East region and United States. “It also provides opportunities for us to utilize local industry to help maintain and manufacture F-15K components, cutting down on cycle times.” Boeing has been sustaining the ROKAF’s F-15K fleet since 2012. Hyundai Glovis, a Seoul-based supplier, will partner with Boeing on logistics handling and supply chain distribution in country. See other recent news regarding: Boeing, F-15K, Korea. Subscribe to our Latest Travel News Daily Email Free of Charge by simply entering your email address to the right. You can also stay updated with our RSS Feed and even add the travel news to your website. Have questions? Please read our travel news FAQ.       Sustainable Hotels and MICE Criteo Travel Flash Report Colombian Chef in Singapore Japan Tourism Update Sabre TTX APAC 2016 Destination Spa Management CEO of Travelodge Thailand Myanmar Tourism Update Birth of Luxury Thai Hotel Brand Thai AirAsia X A330-300 PAL President & COO Thai Vietjet A320-200 Qatar Airways B787 Emirates A380 Thai Airways B777-300ER | | | | | | Tweet Virgin Australia to Launch Melbourne - Hong Kong Flights Rosewood Signs Hotel in Hoi An, Vietnam APAC Hotels Report Increase in OR, RevPAR Sunway Putra Hotel KL Appoints GM Finnair to Suspend Miami Flights; Reduce Chicago Morocco Partners Int. Year of Sustainable Tourism Exec Appointments at American Airlines Tickets for Singapore 7s on StubHub Pop-Up Hotel Opens in Tel Aviv, Israel Bombardier Service Centres Earn FAA Diamond Awards Air Astana Offering Free Expo Tickets Ryanair Takes Delivery of 450th B737-800 Malaysia Airlines Signs A350 Flight Training Deal Cyberbit Win Tech Leadership Award SpiceRoads Launches Family Cycling Tour of Vietnam Honeywell Signs Engine Deal with Dirgantara Indonesia Cobalt Air Appoints APG as GSA in Four Markets United Modernizes Screening at Newark US Hotels Report RevPAR Increase Pictures of 2017 King's Cup Elephant Polo SEA World's Fastest Growing Travel and Tourism Region First Autograph Collection Hotel Opens in China CX to Upgrade Perth Flights with A350 Saab Appoints New Head of Market - APAC Dirgantara Indonesia Delivers 50th H225 Rear Fuselage to Airbus Bars in HK Offer Special Discounts for HK7s Four Seasons Resort Hualalai Appoints GM Jet Airways and Jetstar Asia to Codeshare Redefine|BDL Hotels Eyes European Expansion Delta to Launch Chicago - Seattle Flights Bayat Hotel in Abha Appoints GM St. Regis Bali Appoints Director of MarComs BA Adds First English Sparkling White Wine to First Class Aircraft Recycling Int. Acquires UAM PortMiami Installs Dual-View X-Ray Screeners Penang to Upgrade Swettenham Pier Cruise Terminal Lee Gardens to be Part of World's Best Sevens Party Vietjet to Increase Bangkok - Chiang Mai Flights India's Jet Airways Partners Uber Airbus to Open Training Facility in India Fairmont Jakarta Appoints DOSM Boeing's 9th WGS Satellite Launched into Orbit Combat System Trainer Delivered to Navy in NZ Future of Avani Hotels - HD Video Interview with Group Director Why Are Panama Hats So Famous? Interview with MonPanama SITA Forms New Group to Address Airport Security Threats Boeing Signs $3.4b Contract for 268 AH-64E Apache Helicopters Hong Kong to Compete in Borneo Sevens Mantra Supports World Science Festival Brisbane Canada's New Safety Rules for Drones Air India to Launch Tel Aviv Flights Official Draw for Hong Kong Sevens 2017 British & Irish Lions Strengthens Coaching Team Tallink Expands Distribution with Hahn Air Lancaster London to Relaunch as Royal Lancaster London Sabre Report Helps Hotels Maximize Revenue Movenpick Hotels to Feature Sleep Rooms Air Astana and Lufthansa to Codeshare Finnair Cancels 90+ Flights on 17 March Ottawa Airport Installs New Technology Alitalia's Board Approves Turnaround Plan Air Canada to Launch Vancouver-Boston Global Loyalty Company Surpasses 20m Members Etihad to Launch A380 Flights to Paris, France MasterCard Partners Eko-Pay 161,656 Hotel Rooms Under Contract in Europe Facial Recognition Added to Self-Bag Drop Air Canada to Resume Montreal-Washington Team Mekhong Wins Kingâ€™s Cup Elephant Polo CDB Aviation Orders 30 Boeing 737 Max 8s 576,109 Hotel Rooms Under Contract in APAC Vietjet to Launch Phuket - Chiang Rai Flights New South Korean Airline Orders 8 Airbus A320ceo Etihad Cargo Takes Delivery of 10th Freighter Touchless Bag Drop at London Luton Airport IATA Urges Air Cargo Modernization SIA Codesharing on Vistara Flights 578,508 Hotel Rooms Under Contract in USA EASA Cert for Ka-band Retrofit on Global Aircraft Marco Polo Appoints Group Director of Purchasing AA to Offer Free Meals on Coast-to-Coast Flights Show More Travel News Hahn Air Appoints Head of Global Account Management Napoli Airport Installs Self-Service Bag Drop AHS Signs Eastin Hotel and Residences in Hanoi Radisson Blu Opens in Bengaluru, India 2016 Airline Safety Performance Report Marco Polo Appoints Group Director of HR Iran Air Takes Delivery of First New A330-200 Saab Wins Istanbul New Airport Deal CX, EK, LH and SQ Join Airbus Routehappy Alliance Boeing Wins 5-Year Contract to Sustain ROKAF's F-15Ks United Airlines Employees Rally to Protect Jobs Honeywell Launches ADS-B Cockpit Upgrade Program Elephant Conservation in Thailand - Interview Pictures of 2017 King's Cup Elephant Polo Airlines in AU and NZ Establish Industry Group - A4ANZ Cathay Increases Flights to Key Destinations IHG Appoints Chief Development Officer AMEA Turkish Airlines to Launch New Russia Flights Smiths Detection Appoints Distributor in Brazil B737 Max 8 Receives FAA Certification Exec Appointments at Wyndham Hotel Group Swiss Takes Delivery of Sixth CS100 Aircraft Brisbane Airport Trials New Boarding Gate Technology Qatar Airways Launches QSuites Alitalia to Cease All Reggio Calabria Flights Finnair Warns of Cancelled Flights Sabre Airline Solutions to Begin Search for New President Airbus Eyes Major MRO Facility in Thailand IAG Becomes EAN Launch Customer Exec Appointments at Jumeirah Hotels in Dubai Aviation: Pax Demand Growth Hits 5-Year Peak Oakwood Studios Opens in Singapore Marriott Opens Moxy Hotel in London AVC to Support Freedom Story at Elephant Polo Sabre Expands Distribution with Hertz Belmond and PeruRail to Enhance Ops with Tech One of World's Most Luxurious Hotels Appoints GM Search for Flights by Aircraft Type Boeing Celebrates Rollout of First 737 Max 9 Renaissance Resort to Open in Pattaya Dusit Signs Wetland Park Resort in Nanjing Accor to Take Over 26 Hotels in Brazil Air Cargo: FTKs Up 6.9% in January 2017 Peninsula Appoints Dir. of Global Comms Executive Appointments at Yotel 2nd Global 7000 Joins Flight Test Program Travix Appoints VP Customer Ops New Hotel Adds 587 Rooms to Impact Muang Thong Thani Smiths Detection to Enhance Security at Kansai Airport Al Bait Sharjah to Open Q4 2017 Peninsula Appoints VP of Marketing Jack Bain's Bar at 137 Pillars House in Chiang Mai SITA to Enhance Aeromexico's Network Connectivity QinetiQ Orders Four Airbus H125s Thai Airways Waives Ticket Change Surcharge Saab Signs Deal with NATS to Deliver Remote Tower Demonstrator Renowned Architect Relaunches Luxury Bali Resort Amadeus Makes Rail Travel More Accessible Lockheed Hybrid Aircraft Targets China Prague Airport to Upgrade Communications Movenpick Signs New Hotel in Saudi Arabia Precision Aviation Expands Inventory for AW139 Boeing Proposes MH-139 as UH-1N Huey Replacement Diethelm Appoints Group Product & Contracting Director airberlin Appoints SVP Commercial Strategy & Distribution Beneteau Establishes RHQ in Hong Kong Delta Launches New Boarding Process in Atlanta Emirates to Upgrade A380 Experience Accor Opens First Mercure Hotel in KL A321neo Powered by CFM LEAP-1A Engines Receives TC Finnair, Skyscanner and Amadeus Join Forces EgyptAir and Etihad Airways to Codeshare airberlin Appoints Chief Commercial Officer Solar Power for Tanah Merah Ferry Terminal FCS Relocates Global HQ to Singapore Air Caraibes Receives First A350-900 Dusit Thani Extends Bangkok Lease; Unveils New Plans King's Cup Elephant Polo to Take Place in Bangkok 9-12 March Singapore Pilots Account-Based Ticketing System for Public Transport Korean Air Unveils First B787-9 Movenpick Opens Serviced Apartments in Bangkok, Thailand First Anantara Hotel in Europe to Open 1 April Travelport Receives NDC Aggregator Cert from IATA Future of Avani Hotels - HD Video Interview with Group Director Why Are Panama Hats So Famous? Interview with MonPanama Elephant Conservation in Thailand - Interview Travelodge Hotels Asia HD Video Interview Margarita Forés - Interview with Asia's Best Female Chef Ascott's Brands and Expansion Plans - HD Video Interview HD Videos from AAPA's 60th Assembly of Presidents Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, Thailand Pictures of 2016 King's Cup Elephant Polo in Bangkok Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Travel News Asia - HD Videos / Interviews Travel News Asia - Podcasts of Interviews Travel News Asia - High-Res Picture Galleries Travel News Asia - Subscribe to Email Travel News Asia - Twitter Travel News Asia - YouTube Travel News Asia - Archives Travel News Asia - Home Page Show Less Travel News | | | | | | Tweet Latest Travel News Pictures of 2017 King's Cup Elephant Polo Future of Avani Hotels - HD Video Interview with Group Director Virgin Australia to Launch Melbourne - Hong Kong Flights Rosewood Signs Hotel in Hoi An, Vietnam APAC Hotels Report Increase in OR, RevPAR Sunway Putra Hotel KL Appoints GM Finnair to Suspend Miami Flights; Reduce Chicago Morocco Partners Int. Year of Sustainable Tourism Exec Appointments at American Airlines Tickets for Singapore 7s on StubHub Pop-Up Hotel Opens in Tel Aviv, Israel Bombardier Service Centres Earn FAA Diamond Awards Air Astana Offering Free Expo Tickets Ryanair Takes Delivery of 450th B737-800 Malaysia Airlines Signs A350 Flight Training Deal Cyberbit Win Tech Leadership Award SpiceRoads Launches Family Cycling Tour of Vietnam Honeywell Signs Engine Deal with Dirgantara Indonesia Cobalt Air Appoints APG as GSA in Four Markets United Modernizes Screening at Newark US Hotels Report RevPAR Increase SEA World's Fastest Growing Travel and Tourism Region First Autograph Collection Hotel Opens in China CX to Upgrade Perth Flights with A350 Saab Appoints New Head of Market - APAC Dirgantara Indonesia Delivers 50th H225 Rear Fuselage to Airbus Bars in HK Offer Special Discounts for HK7s Four Seasons Resort Hualalai Appoints GM Jet Airways and Jetstar Asia to Codeshare Redefine|BDL Hotels Eyes European Expansion Delta to Launch Chicago - Seattle Flights Bayat Hotel in Abha Appoints GM St. Regis Bali Appoints Director of MarComs BA Adds First English Sparkling White Wine to First Class Aircraft Recycling Int. Acquires UAM PortMiami Installs Dual-View X-Ray Screeners Future of Avani Hotels - HD Video Interview with Group Director Penang to Upgrade Swettenham Pier Cruise Terminal Lee Gardens to be Part of World's Best Sevens Party Vietjet to Increase Bangkok - Chiang Mai Flights India's Jet Airways Partners Uber Airbus to Open Training Facility in India Fairmont Jakarta Appoints DOSM Boeing's 9th WGS Satellite Launched into Orbit Combat System Trainer Delivered to Navy in NZ Why Are Panama Hats So Famous? Interview with MonPanama SITA Forms New Group to Address Airport Security Threats Boeing Signs $3.4b Contract for 268 AH-64E Apache Helicopters Hong Kong to Compete in Borneo Sevens Mantra Supports World Science Festival Brisbane Canada's New Safety Rules for Drones Air India to Launch Tel Aviv Flights Official Draw for Hong Kong Sevens 2017 British & Irish Lions Strengthens Coaching Team Tallink Expands Distribution with Hahn Air Lancaster London to Relaunch as Royal Lancaster London Sabre Report Helps Hotels Maximize Revenue Movenpick Hotels to Feature Sleep Rooms Air Astana and Lufthansa to Codeshare Finnair Cancels 90+ Flights on 17 March Ottawa Airport Installs New Technology Alitalia's Board Approves Turnaround Plan Air Canada to Launch Vancouver-Boston Global Loyalty Company Surpasses 20m Members Etihad to Launch A380 Flights to Paris, France MasterCard Partners Eko-Pay 161,656 Hotel Rooms Under Contract in Europe Facial Recognition Added to Self-Bag Drop Air Canada to Resume Montreal-Washington Mekhong Wins King's Cup Elephant Polo CDB Aviation Orders 30 Boeing 737 Max 8s 576,109 APAC Hotel Rooms Under Contract Vietjet to Launch Phuket - Chiang Rai New South Korean Airline Orders 8 Airbus Etihad Cargo Takes Delivery of 10th Freighter Touchless Bag Drop at London Luton Airport IATA Urges Air Cargo Modernization SIA Codesharing on Vistara Flights 578,508 Hotel Rooms Under Contract in USA EASA Cert for Ka-band Retrofit on Global Aircraft Marco Polo Appoints Group Director of Purchasing AA to Offer Free Meals on Coast-to-Coast Flights Hahn Air Appoints Head of Global Account Management Napoli Airport Installs Self-Service Bag Drop AHS Signs Eastin Hotel and Residences in Hanoi Radisson Blu Opens in Bengaluru, India Pictures of 2017 King's Cup Elephant Polo Future of Avani Hotels - HD Video Interview with Group Director Why Are Panama Hats So Famous? Interview with MonPanama Elephant Conservation in Thailand - Interview Travelodge Hotels Asia HD Video Interview Margarita Forés - Interview with Asia's Best Female Chef Ascott's Brands and Expansion Plans - HD Video Interview HD Videos from AAPA's 60th Assembly of Presidents Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, TH HD Videos and Interviews Podcasts from HD Video Interviews High-Res Picture Galleries Travel News Asia - Home Page Advertising Advertising Advertise Here Share This Page | | | Tweet Latest HD Videos Advertising Latest Picture Galleries Other Topics Book Reviews Cambodia Foreign Currency Dubai Hong Kong Hong Kong Sevens Indonesia Japan Kan Tiang Beach Lanta Latest Travel News Media Services Philippines Picture Galleries Pimalai Divers - Lanta Podcasts - New Singapore Thailand Travel News Archives Travel Technology Travel Tips Travel Trade Rates Travel Trade Shows Videos - HD Vietnam Contact Details | Privacy | About Us | TravelNewsAsia.com Copyright © 1997-2017 ASIATravelTips.com / TravelNewsAsia.com Copyright © 1997-2017 ASIATravelTips.com/TravelNewsAsia.com
Department of Defense Search Home About Biographies Office of the Secretary of Defense Insignias Officers Enlisted DoD 101 Military Departments Joint Chiefs of Staff U.S. Army U.S. Marine Corps U.S. Navy U.S. Air Force National Guard U.S. Coast Guard Unified Combatant Commands Military Service Seals A-Z List Leaders Secretary of Defense Biography Portrait Speeches Transcripts Photos Videos Travels Deputy Secretary of Defense Biography Portrait Speeches Transcripts Photos Travels Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Biography Portrait Transcripts Photos Videos Travels Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Biography Portrait Transcripts Photos News News Archive Face of Defense Press Advisories News Releases Publications Transcripts Speeches Casualty Status (PDF) Contracts DoD Live Blog RSS Other News Sources Photos Photo Gallery Photo Essays Week in Photos DVIDS DoD Flickr Imagery Archive Videos Live Events Defense TV DVIDS Special Reports Quick Links Today in DoD Resources Contracts FAQs Contact DoD Legal & Administrative Privacy & Security Links Disclaimer Inspector General Section 508 Imagery Use FOIA No FEAR Act Web Policy Plain Writing Act Open GOV Strategic Plan Small Business Act Site Map Skip to main content (Press Enter). Today in DoD Resources Contracts FAQs Contact DoD Toggle navigation Department of Defense Department of Defense Home About Biographies Office of the Secretary of Defense Insignias Officers Enlisted DoD 101 Military Departments Joint Chiefs of Staff U.S. Army U.S. Marine Corps U.S. Navy U.S. Air Force National Guard U.S. Coast Guard Unified Combatant Commands Military Service Seals A-Z List Leaders Secretary of Defense Biography Portrait Speeches Transcripts Photos Videos Travels Deputy Secretary of Defense Biography Portrait Speeches Transcripts Photos Travels Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Biography Portrait Transcripts Photos Videos Travels Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Biography Portrait Transcripts Photos News News Archive Face of Defense Press Advisories News Releases Publications Transcripts Speeches Casualty Status (PDF) Contracts DoD Live Blog RSS Other News Sources Photos Photo Gallery Photo Essays Week in Photos DVIDS DoD Flickr Imagery Archive Videos Live Events Defense TV DVIDS Special Reports U.S. Department of Defense Search HomeNewsContractsContract View Contracts Press Operations Release No: CR-054-17 March 22, 2017 PRINT  |  E-MAIL CONTRACTS AIR FORCE Engineering Research and Consulting Inc., Huntsville, Alabama, has been awarded a $99,000,000 firm-fixed-price level of effort, indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity contract for Seek Eagle modeling, analysis, and tools support. Contractor will provide skills and expertise to provide modeling and simulation, engineering and analysis, product development support, project management, and administrative functions.  Work will be performed at Eglin Air Force Base, Florida, and is expected to be complete by Sept. 22, 2022. This award is the result of a competitive acquisition with three offers received. Fiscal 2017 research, development, test and evaluation funds in the amount of $12,000,000 are being obligated at the time of award. Air Force Test Center, Eglin AFB, Florida, is the contracting activity (FA2486-16-R-0065). The Boeing Co., St. Louis, Missouri, was awarded a $24,685,675 modification (P00147) to previously awarded contract FA8678-10-C-0100 for QF-16 full-scale aerial target (FSAT) Lot 5A production. Contractor will provide 18 QF-16 FSATs and 18 associated four-year warranties for the QF-16 drone-peculiar equipment program. Work will be performed at St. Louis, Missouri, and is expected to be complete by April 27, 2021. Fiscal 2017 procurement funds in the amount of $24,685,675 were obligated at the time of award. Air Force Life Cycle Management Center, Eglin Air Force Base, Florida, is the contracting activity. (Awarded on March 14, 2017) NAVY Elbit Systems of America, Fort Worth, Texas, is being awarded a $49,884,371 firm-fixed-price, indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity contract for a maximum quantity of 126 helmet display tracker systems (HDTS) and associated line items for the Navy on the MH-60 aircraft.  The HDTS provides situational awareness and targeting enhancements via pilot/copilot line-of-sight capability; continuously computed impact point for the 20mm automatic gun helicopter armament subsystem; 2.75-inch unguided rockets (LAU-61C/A); and precision guided rockets (digital rocket launcher (DRL, LAU-61G/A)).  Work will be performed in Fort Worth, Texas, and is expected to be completed by June 2021.  Fiscal 2016 aircraft procurement (Navy) funding in the amount of $14,150,729 will be obligated at the time of award and will not expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  The award was not competitively procured in accordance with 10 U.S. Code 2304(c)(1) - only one responsible source and no other supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements.   Naval Surface Warfare Center, Crane Division, Crane, Indiana, is the contracting activity (N00164-17-D-JQ63).  The Boeing Co., Huntington Beach, California, is being awarded a $13,731,493 cost-plus-incentive-fee option to a previously awarded contract (N00178-15-C-2016) to continue to provide design agent and technical engineering services in support of the AN/USQ-82(V) Gigabit Ethernet Data Multiplex Systems (GEDMS) program.  GEDMS is a shipboard network used for DDG 51 class destroyers. The GEDMS network transfers inputs and/or outputs for the machinery control systems, damage control system, steering control system, AEGIS combat system, navigation displays and interior communications alarms and indicators.  This contract combines purchases for the Navy (91 percent); and the governments of Australia (3 percent); Korea (3 percent); and Japan (3 percent) under the Foreign Military Sales (FMS) program.  The work will be performed in Huntington Beach, California (72 percent); Arlington, Virginia (11 percent); Bath, Maine (9 percent); Pascagoula, Mississippi (3 percent); Georgetown, District of Columbia (3 percent); Richardson, Texas (1 percent); and Fairfax, Virginia (1 percent), and is expected to be completed by March 2018.  Fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance (Navy); FMS; fiscal 2017 other procurement (Navy); and fiscal 2013-2016 shipbuilding and conversion (Navy) funding in the amount of $5,999,256 will be obligated at time of award and will not expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  The Naval Surface Warfare Center-Dahlgren Division, Dahlgren, Virginia, is the contracting activity.   Rockwell Collins Inc., Government Systems, Cedar Rapids, Iowa, is being awarded $10,492,100 for modification P00011 to a previously awarded firm-fixed-price, indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity contract (N00019-15-D-5501) for the procurement of additional AN/ARC-210 radios and ancillary equipment for various domestic and foreign military sales aircrafts.  Work will be performed in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, and is expected to be completed in September 2018.  Contract funds will not be obligated at the time of award.  Funds will be obligated on individual orders as they are issued.  The Naval Air Systems Command, Patuxent River, Maryland, is the contracting activity.  Southeast Cherokee Construction Inc.,* Montgomery, Alabama, is being awarded $7,364,000 for firm-fixed-price task order WE01 under a previously awarded, multiple award construction contract (N69450-16-D-1112) for ground source heat pumps at Marine Corps Logistics Base, Albany.  The work to be performed provides for replacement of the heating ventilation and air conditioning systems in 10 buildings with new renewable energy high-efficiency geothermal heat pump (GHP) systems, coupled with an underground seasonal thermal energy storage (USTES) system.  This project will couple GHPs with a form of USTES commonly known within the industry as Borehole Thermal Energy Storage (BTES).  A BTES system involves the installation of a nonconventional, closed-loop vertical ground-loop heat exchanger rarely utilized in the U.S.  Work will be performed in Albany, Georgia, and is expected to be completed by January 2019.  Fiscal 2016 military construction (Navy) contract funds in the amount of $7,364,000 are obligated on this award and will not expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  Four proposals were received for this task order.  The Naval Facilities Engineering Command, Mid-Atlantic, Norfolk, Virginia, is the contracting activity. Alamo City Engineering Services Inc., San Antonio, Texas, is being awarded a ceiling value $27,000,000 firm-fixed-price, indefinite-quantity/indefinite-delivery contract, in support of Program Manager, Marine Corps Network and Infrastructure Systems, Information Systems and Infrastructure, Marine Corps Systems Command (MCSC), to procure Network Access Control, Compliance, and Remediation (NACCR) solution.  The NACCR solution, when deployed, will be the first physical counter measure supporting the Marine Corps’ network defense strategy.  The NAC device will authenticate each asset as it connects to the Marine Corps Enterprise Network.  Before authorization is granted to full network services, the NACCR solution will perform a series of health and compliance checks based on established criteria.  Work will be performed in the Quantico, Virginia, area and is expected to be completed by March 30, 2021. No funds will be obligated at the time of the award and subsequent funding will be applied to future delivery orders.  This contract was competitively procured via the Federal Business Opportunities website with four offers received.  Marine Corps Systems Command, Quantico, Virginia, is the contracting activity (M67854-17-D-4001). DEFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY USFI Inc., Gardena, California, has been awarded a maximum $21,644,760 firm-fixed-price, indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity bridge contract for full food line distribution. This is a 93-day bridge contract, which possibly could end early when the guaranteed minimum is met. Locations of performance are California and Korea, with an Oct. 20, 2017, performance completion date. Using customers are Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps and Coast Guard. Type of appropriation is fiscal 2017 defense working capital funds. The contracting agency is the Defense Logistics Agency Troop Support, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania (SPE300-17-D-4023). ARMY Boecore Inc.,* Colorado Springs, Colorado, was awarded a $13,500,000 modification (P00009) to contract W91260-13-D-0001 for the Command Information Management System II, which provides non-commercial integrated information technology solutions and support services for the Army Space and Missile Defense Command, Army Forces Strategic Command, and other Department of Defense agencies. Work locations and funding will be determined with each order; with an estimated completion date of July 31, 2018. Army Space and Missile Defense Command, Peterson Air Force Base, Colorado, is the contracting activity. Hydrogeologic Inc., Reston, Virginia, was awarded a $10,000,000 modification (P00001) to contract W912P9-16-D-0009 for the environmental response actions, associated investigation, design and removal activities which will include service and construction activities mandated by the Formerly Utilized Sites Remedial Action Program. Work locations and funding will be determined with each order, with an estimated completion date of May 1, 2018. Army Corps of Engineers, Rock Island, Illinois, is the contracting activity. *Small business News News Articles Casualty Releases Press Advisories News Transcripts Publications Speeches Contracts Testimony Messages Special Reports Photos/Videos Photo Essays Week in Photos DoD Video News Other Pentagon Press Badges Military Commissions Press / Media Queries Other News Sources MISSION The mission of the Department of Defense is to provide the military forces needed to deter war and to protect the security of our country. The department's headquarters is at the Pentagon. SUBSCRIBE NOW Get the latest DoD News products delivered to your inbox. Subscribe MILITARY DEPARTMENTS Joint Chiefs Army Marine Corps Navy Air Force Coast Guard UNIFIED COMBATANT COMMANDS Africa Command Central Command European Command Northern Command Pacific Command Southern Command Special Operations Command Strategic Command Transportation Command Connect Twitter Facebook Flickr LinkedIn Instagram YouTube DefenseTV DVIDS Blogs RSS Contact Subscribe Privacy & Security Links Disclaimer Inspector General Section 508 Imagery Use FOIA No FEAR Act Web Policy Plain Writing Act Open GOV Strategic Plan Small Business Act Site Map
CBS News Logo CBS News News Latest US World Politics Entertainment Health MoneyWatch SciTech Crime Sports Shows Video More In Depth Photos Mobile Radio Local Shop Log in/out Search CBSN Toggle video By William Harwood CBS News March 22, 2017, 5:44 PM Three spacewalks, cargo launch on tap for space station The International Space Station. NASA Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email NASA is gearing up for an intense few weeks of work aboard the International Space Station, staging three spacewalks, moving a docking port from one module to another to support commercial crew ferry ships and capturing an Orbital ATK Cygnus cargo ship carrying nearly 4 tons of equipment and supplies. Launch of the Cygnus spacecraft atop an Atlas 5 rocket had been planned for Monday, but late in the day Wednesday, United Launch Alliance announced a delay pending resolution of an unspecified problem with the booster’s hydraulic system. SpaceX, meanwhile, is believed to be pressing ahead with launch of a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket next Wednesday carrying a commercial communications satellite, the California rocket builder’s fourth flight this year and the first launch of a “used” first stage recovered after an earlier mission. But NASA’s focus is on the space station, and a push to complete the three spacewalks and the launch and capture of the Cygnus cargo ship before three of the station’s six crew members return to Earth April 10 to close out a 173-day stay in space. Two fresh crew members are scheduled to take off from Kazakhstan on April 20. First up is a spacewalk Friday -- U.S. EVA-40 -- by Expedition 50 commander Shane Kimbrough and European Space Agency astronaut Thomas Pesquet to carry out a variety of tasks, including work to ready a docking tunnel known as pressurized mating adapter No. 3 for a weekend move from the Tranquility module to the upper port of the forward Harmony module. Late this year or early next, a new docking mechanism will be attached to PMA-3, providing a second port for crews flying to the station aboard Boeing- and SpaceX-built commercial crew ferry ships. Kimbrough and Pesquet also will lubricate a robot arm grapple mechanism and install an upgraded control unit in the station’s power truss that can accommodate software commanding needed for commercial crew ships. Pesquet also will inspect part of the station’s ammonia coolant system to help engineers pinpoint and characterize a small leak. On Sunday, flight controllers at the Johnson Space Center in Houston will remotely operate the lab’s robot arm, detaching PMA-3 from the outboard port of the Tranquility module, which extends to the left of the station’s central Unity module, and moving it to Harmony’s upper port. European Space Agency astronaut Thomas Pesquet aboard the International Space Station. European Space Agency Harmony already features a docking tunnel extending from the module’s forward port, the same pressurized mating adapter once used by visiting space shuttles. That PMA now features a new docking mechanism designed for the Boeing and SpaceX crew capsules and after PMA-3 is in place atop Harmony, a second docking adapter eventually will be attached to give the station two crew docking ports. The U.S. segment of the lab already features two ports used by unpiloted cargo ships, one extending down from Harmony and the other extending down from Unity. The Russian segment of the station features five docking ports. NASA originally hoped to launch the Cygnus supply ship this past Sunday, but problems with a pad hydraulic system pushed the flight to Monday. Late Wednesday, a second hydraulic issue was identified, this one with the booster, and the launch was put on hold. A new launch date is not yet known. The flight now will slip behind the launch of an SES communications satellite atop a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket, which is believed to be scheduled for liftoff at 4:59 p.m. EDT on March 29. The next day, on March 30, Kimbrough and Peggy Whitson plan to stage a second spacewalk -- U.S. EVA-41 -- to connect power and data cables between PMA-3 and Harmony, to install micrometeoroid shields to protect the mating adapter and the Tranquility port where it had been attached and to install a second upgraded controller. NASA astronaut Peggy Whitson setting records and breaking barriers The third spacewalk, by Whitson and Pesquet, currently is planned for April 6. But EVA-42 will depend on when the Cygnus cargo ship arrives. The supply craft is carrying a cable needed to help engineers test a data circuit in a high-energy physics experiment and a replacement avionics box needed to support experiments mounted on an external stowage platform. Assuming the Cygnus gets there in time and the spacewalk stays on schedule, Whitson and Pesquet will replace the avionics box, install a wireless antenna and a new HD television camera and help engineers troubleshoot a cooling issue with the Alpha Magnetic Spectrometer. Whitson will install a jumper cable, launched aboard the Cygnus, to test a long-dormant data circuit in the instrument that could be used in the future if new coolant-system pumps need to be installed. She also will take additional photographs to help engineers assess the condition of the AMS’s thermal insulation. If the Cygnus does not arrive by around April 4, sources say, the third spacewalk likely will be delayed to late April, but no decisions are expected until the problem with the Atlas 5 is resolved. A file photo of astronaut Peggy Whitson, floating in the Destiny laboratory module. Whitson will become the world’s most experienced female spacewalker, and third on the list overall, after two upcoming EVAs outside the International Space Station. NASA Whenever it occurs, EVA-42, will be the 200th devoted to station assembly and maintenance since construction of the lab complex began in 1998. Some 125 astronauts and cosmonauts have worked outside the station over the years, logging more than 51 days of EVA time. “We wouldn’t have space station without all these EVAs,” said Kenny Todd, ISS Operations Integration Manager at the Johnson Space Center. “That much is clear. We relied on our ability to go external and do the things we need to do to make the station whole. The fact that it’s 200 is pretty impressive. And I would tell you, we’re still learning.” Assuming all three spacewalks last the predicted six-and-a-half hours each, Whitson will move up to third on the list of the world’s most experienced spacewalkers, with nine excursions totaling more than 65 hours. Cosmonaut Anatoly Solovyev holds the record with 68 hours and 44 minutes of EVA time over 14 spacewalks, followed by former astronaut Mike Lopez-Alegria, whose total stands at 67 hours and 40 minutes over 10 EVAs. With all three spacewalks complete and Cygnus safely attached, Kimbrough, Soyuz MS-02 commander Sergey Ryzhikov and flight engineer Andrey Borisenko plan to undock and return to Earth April 10, landing on the steppe of Kazakhstan around 7:20 a.m. (5:20 p.m. local time). Whitson will take over as commander of Expedition 51 when Kimbrough departs. She and her two Soyuz MS-03 crewmates -- Pesquet and Soyuz commander Oleg Novitskiy -- will have the station to themselves until April 20 when Soyuz MS-04 commander Fyodor Yurchikhin and NASA flight engineer Jack Fischer arrive after launch from the Baikonur Cosmodrome. Soyuz ferry ships normally carry three crew members, but the Russians are dropping back to two for this flight to save money and reduce the need for supplies. As it now stands, Whitson, Pesquet and Novitskiy plan to return to Earth June 2. But mission managers are debating the possibility of keeping Whitson in orbit until September to maximize research time. If Whitson comes home on schedule in June, launch of the next SpaceX Dragon cargo ship, currently expected in mid May, likely will be delayed to August. With just two crew members -- Fischer and Yurchikhin -- aboard the station in June and most of July, the research gear scheduled for launch aboard the Dragon will not be needed until later in the summer, after three more crew members arrive in late July aboard the Soyuz MS-05 spacecraft. A decision on Whitson’s mission is expected soon. © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email William Harwood Bill Harwood has been covering the U.S. space program full-time since 1984, first as Cape Canaveral bureau chief for United Press International and now as a consultant for CBS News. He covered 129 space shuttle missions, every interplanetary flight since Voyager 2's flyby of Neptune and scores of commercial and military launches. Based at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida, Harwood is a devoted amateur astronomer and co-author of "Comm Check: The Final Flight of Shuttle Columbia." Featured in SciTech 25 years of breathtaking Hubble Telescope images Since it was launched in 1990, the Hubble Space Telescope has sent us breathtaking images back from the deepest corners of space 11 species threatened by climate change As the world warms, many plants and animals are struggling to adapt Popular CBSN Live pop-out From 60 Minutes Poisoned Prisoner 760 Tortured at Guantanamo, former inmate finds forgiveness Poisoned again? What 60 Minutes learned about Russia's "love of poison" Viewers react to Marine Le Pen's vision of France Play Video New Kid on the Street Play Video You're Fired Play Video Fighting Famine Play Video New info on London attack Play Video Overnight raids after London attack Play Video Investigation into London attack Play Video GOP health care bill in jeopardy Play Video New surveillance claims Previous Next 28 Photos Deadly London attack 17 Photos Chuck Berry 1926-2017 23 Photos Betsey Johnson on the runway 16 Photos Duke and Duchess of Cambridge visit Paris 26 Photos Inside a Cold War-era nuclear missile bunker Previous Next Most Discussed James Comey confirms FBI investigation into possible Trump-Russia connections Meals on Wheels proposal surprises Trump voter using program Trump communications may have ended up in "incidental collection," says intel chair Senate Intel: "No indications" of Trump Tower surveillance or wiretapping GOP health care bill: Will it pass? The whip count New Fire TV App CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Copyright © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Search
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska U.S. National Laboratory Research Payloads Prepped and Ready for Orbital ATK CRS-7 Launch to the Space Station News provided by Center for the Advancement of Science in Space (CASIS) Mar 22, 2017, 15:00 ET Share this article KENNEDY SPACE CENTER, Fla., March 22, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- The Orbital ATK Cygnus vehicle is slated to launch its seventh cargo resupply mission (CRS-7) to the International Space Station (ISS) no earlier than March 27, 2017 onboard United Launch Alliance's Atlas V vehicle, carrying more than 40 ISS U.S. National Laboratory sponsored investigations. The ISS U.S. National Laboratory is chartered to facilitate research in the microgravity environment that benefits life on Earth. The Center for the Advancement of Science in Space (CASIS) is leading the effort in partnership with NASA, industry, other government organizations, and academia to manage and promote the best use of the ISS National Lab. Among the major ISS National Lab sponsored investigations flying on Orbital ATK CRS-7 are the following: ALTAIR Pathfinder Investigation  Griffith Russell, M.S., Millennium Space Systems, El Segundo, CA Groups of small satellites can improve access to space because they are less costly, more easily customized, and therefore less risky to launch and operate than larger individual satellites. The Millennium Space Systems ALTAIR™ Pathfinder investigation tests and qualifies for space new platform technologies developed by Millennium Space Systems, a private firm that offers satellites for missions in low Earth orbit, geostationary orbit and deep space. The investigation will demonstrate that the ALTAIR design and technologies work as planned, paving the way for future satellite programs with NASA and the Department of Defense. Implementation Partner: NanoRacks Antibody Drug Conjugates (ADCs) in Microgravity  Sourav Sinha, Oncolinx Pharmaceuticals LLC, Boston, MA This investigation seeks to test the efficacy and drug metabolism of Azonafide ADCs in microgravity 3-D cell cultures. ADCs are therapeutics that target tumors through receptors on the surface of cancer cells, thereby reducing toxicity and increasing effectiveness of the therapy. Compared to cell cultures in a dish on Earth, cell cultures in microgravity serve as better tumor models due to specific cellular responses to the space environment. For example, cells arrange themselves into three-dimensional groups, or aggregates, in microgravity that more closely resemble tumors in the body here on Earth. These changes in the 3-D structure of tumors cultured in microgravity result in improved cancer models that are better able to predict the performance of therapeutics and accelerate the timeline for bringing a drug to market to fight cancer. Implementation Partner: Bioserve Space Technologies Cosmic X-Ray Background Nanosatellite (CXBN-2) Benjamin Malphrus, Ph.D., Morehead State University, Morehead, KY A second-generation nanosatellite that refines critical measurements for explaining the origin of the Universe. It uses an advanced materials detector system, a novel instrument configuration and a detector array twice the size of that used by the preceding CXBN mission. Data collected by the instrument minimizes critical uncertainties in subtle signals left over from the Big Bang and may clarify other sources of interstellar radiation as well. The instrument collects data for a year's time and enlists the help of citizen scientists and K-12 groups in satellite tracking. Implementation Partner: NanoRacks Crystal Growth of Cs2LiYCl6:CE Scintillators in Microgravity Alexei Churilov, Ph.D., Radiation Monitoring Devices, Inc., Watertown, MA The purpose of this payload is to conduct a series of experiments to grow scintillator crystals. Scintillators excite when exposed to certain types of radiation and can be used in detectors, for safety monitoring or homeland security applications. This investigation will leverage the modernized Solidification Using a Baffle in Sealed Ampoules (SUBSA)* furnace, which operates inside the ISS Microgravity Science Glovebox (MSG). Implementation Partner: Teledyne Brown Engineering *To learn more about this investigation, and the SUBSA facility, please visit the following video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EDeG7tl1R1k CSUNSat1 (Battery sustainability in space) Sharlene Katz, Ph.D., P.E., California State University Northridge, Northridge, CA A CubeSat that tests out a new light-weight, longer-life battery system designed for the cold temperatures of space. A new configuration of high energy density materials known as ultra-capacitors, along with updated lithium-ion battery technology allows CSUNSat1 batteries to operate at very low temperatures without the added weight of a defrost system. A set of quantitative power and capacity goals are used to assess the battery system performance over a 200 day mission period. Implementation Partner: NanoRacks Detached Melt and Vapor Growth of Indium Iodine in SUBSA Hardware  Aleksandar Ostrogorsky, Ph.D., Illinois Institute of Technology, Chicago, IL Leveraging the SUBSA furnace inside the ISS MSG, this investigation aims to synthesize new types of semiconductor crystals in microgravity. The research team hypothesizes these materials will be similar to other semiconductor materials in its non-toxicity and that the new material can be developed at a much faster rate. Implementation Partner: Teledyne Brown Engineering Genes in Space-2 Julian Rubinfien (Sponsored by The Boeing Company as part of the Genes in Space competition), New York City, NY The rigors of spaceflight induce physiological, genetic, epigenetic, transcriptomic, and metabolomic changes within the human body. One such change is a shift in the dynamics of telomeres, critical protective caps on the tips of chromosomes. The shortening of telomeres over time as an individual ages is natural, but stresses can lead to aberrant regulation of telomere length, which has been implicated in a variety of diseases, including cardiovascular disease and various cancers. Understanding how regulation of telomere length can change during spaceflight and how this may contribute to symptoms of disease experienced by astronauts is important for future space missions. This investigation seeks to determine whether telomeric DNA can be amplified in space, a necessary step to create an assay capable of measuring telomere changes during spaceflight. Implementation Partner:  Boeing/miniPCR IceCube (Ice particle measurements within clouds) Dong Wu, Ph.D., NASA Goddard Space Flight Center, Greenbelt, MD IceCube consists of a CubeSat launched from the ISS that performs first-of-a-kind measurements of ice particles embedded within clouds. These measurements not only advance atmospheric monitoring technology, they also fill in critical gaps in understanding of how cloud ice affects the weather and how cloud formations process atmospheric radiation. IceCube uses a sensor new to space exploration that detects ice particles of different sizes at altitudes that correspond to the upper areas of heavy thunderstorms or the mid-sections of hurricane systems. Implementation Partner: NanoRacks LEMUR-2 Jenny Barna, Spire Global, Inc., San Francisco, CA  About 90 percent of global trade is shipped by sea, but tracking of oceangoing ships is inefficient; many ships are unmonitored as they transit the world's oceans, far from land and out of range of ground based beacons. The NanoRacks-LEMUR-2 satellites are part of a remote sensing satellite constellation that provides global ship tracking and weather monitoring. The satellites in this investigation are deployed from both the ISS and the visiting space vehicle, demonstrating the technology at a range of altitude bands. Implementation Partner: NanoRacks  Magnetic 3D Cell Culture for Biological Research in Microgravity Glauco Souza, Ph.D., Nano3D Biosciences, Inc., Houston, TX This investigation seeks to incorporate magnetic cell culture technology into existing flight hardware and optimize platform operation to support continued 3D cell growth. This project will lay the foundation for flight experiments to explore the use of magnetic nanoparticles and magnetic fields to culture cells on the ISS. Implementation Partner: Bioserve Space Technologies National Design Challenge-Bacterial Lag Phase Brian Thomas, Centaurus High School, Lafayette, CO The Effects of Simulated Gravity on Bacterial Lag Phase in a Microgravity Environment (NanoRacks Module 55: NanoRacks-NDCCHS-Bacterial Lag Phase) studies the bacterial lag phase, a delay period before the start of exponential growth, which is much shorter in microgravity than it is on Earth. The experiment uses a centrifuge to simulate gravity in orbit, comparing microgravity and simulated-gravity Escherichia coli (E. coli) cultures to determine whether microgravity itself causes changes in bacterial growth. Implementation Partner: NanoRacks QB50 QB50 Consortium, European Union's Seventh Framework Programme for Research and Technological Development This project uses the International Space Station to deploy a constellation of 28 CubeSats, from a total of 38, in order to study the upper reaches of the Earth's atmosphere over a period of 1 to 2 years. This constellation is the result of an international collaboration involving academia and research institutes from 15 different countries around the world. The project, coordinated by the QB50 Consortium, receives funding from the European Union's Seventh Framework Programme for Research and Technological Development. The QB50 satellites conduct coordinated measurements on a poorly studied and previously inaccessible zone of the atmosphere referred to as the thermosphere. The project monitors different gaseous molecules and electrical properties of the thermosphere to better understand space weather and its long-term trends. Implementation Partner: NanoRacks SG100 Cloud Computing Payload Trent Martin, Business Integra, Houston, TX This investigation represents a technology-readiness-level (TRL) advancement of SG100, a single board computer platform that can support the much higher processor demands of the current and future scientific and aerospace applications in low Earth orbit. The test period will be two years, with interim data report intervals. The technology will provide a low-risk solution for satellite developers and space-science researchers. Implementation Partner: Business Integra To learn more about the ISS, including past research and available hardware and facilities, please visit: www.spacestationresearch.com. About CASIS: The Center for the Advancement of Science in Space (CASIS) was selected by NASA in 2011 to maximize use of the International Space Station (ISS) U.S. National Laboratory. CASIS is dedicated to supporting and accelerating innovations and new discoveries that will enhance the health and wellbeing of people and our planet. For more information, visit www.iss-casis.org. About the ISS National Laboratory: In 2005, Congress designated the U.S. portion of the International Space Station as the nation's newest national laboratory to maximize its use for improving life on Earth, promoting collaboration among diverse users, and advancing STEM education. This unique laboratory environment is available for use by other U.S. government agencies and by academic and private institutions, providing access to the permanent microgravity setting, vantage point in low Earth orbit, and varied environments of space. Media Contact:   Patrick O'Neill (321) 480-1054 PONeill@iss-casis.org   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/us-national-laboratory-research-payloads-prepped-and-ready-for-orbital-atk-crs-7-launch-to-the-space-station-300427900.html SOURCE Center for the Advancement of Science in Space (CASIS) Related Links http://www.iss-casis.org Feb 16, 2017, 16:31 ET Preview: NASA Astronaut Kate Rubins Named as Keynote Speaker at the 2017 International Space Station Research and Development Conference in Washington, D.C. My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Feb 16, 2017, 16:31 ETNASA Astronaut Kate Rubins Named as Keynote Speaker at the 2017... Oct 05, 2016, 14:30 ETCASIS and NCATS Announce International Space Station Funding... Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Aerospace & Defense Not For Profit You just read: U.S. National Laboratory Research Payloads Prepped and Ready for Orbital ATK CRS-7 Launch to the Space Station News provided by Center for the Advancement of Science in Space (CASIS) Mar 22, 2017, 15:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio BLink National Science Sports World Variety Education Real Estate Cities4Climate Will fuel American, West Asian airlines war Ashwini Phadnis comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet The American carriers have maintained for long that sheikhs are helping the West Asian airlines carry passengers who would otherwise have flown on US carriers New Delhi, March 22:   The Trump administration’s decision to ban all electronic devices larger than a cellphone/smartphone (read laptops and tabs) in cabin baggage in carriers departing from airports in West Asia, including Dubai and Abu Dhabi and parts of Africa, is likely to give fresh ammunition to the war among airlines. This war has American, Delta and United Airlines in one corner and the three big West Asian carriers (ME3 as they are more commonly referred to) — Etihad, Emirates and Qatar Airways — in the other. Though the American decision also covers airports and airlines in Africa, it isclear the biggest impact is going to be on the West Asian carriers. In the recent past, the West Asian carriers have virtually taken over the skies. Low fuel costs and patronage by sheikhs have ensured these airlines are providing competition to other carriers, including American ones, across the globe. The American carriers have maintained for long that sheikhs in West Asia are helping the ME3 carry passengers who would otherwise have flown on American carriers. While the ME3 deny these allegations, a very public display of this fight was visible at the Annual General Meeting of the International Air Transport Association in Miami in June 2015. American airlines had also approached the Obama administration for help.Switching loyalties After the Trump administration’s latest decision, what would be interesting to see is how the ME3 are going to react. Those effected by the ban, particularly Emirates, which operates the world’s largest fleet and carried nearly 52 million passengers in 2015-16, could well decide to switch loyalties from American aircraft manufacturer Boeing to European manufacturer Airbus. A case in point here is flydubai, the low-cost arm of Emirates. It has an all-Boeing fleet, and is to start taking delivery of the first of the 75 Boeing MAX aircraft it has ordered, later this year. What if it decides against going ahead with the order and instead goes with Airbus? If this happens, the US administration will have a problem on its hands. At the moment, no one has commented on how this will play out, though.Economic impact There are other implications as well. For instance, Emirates said in November 2014, after the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey completed an assessment of the economic impact of Emirates’ operations in New York: “That assessment estimated that Emirates flights to and from John F Kennedy (International Airport) in 2013 supported 3,720 jobs in the New York-New Jersey metropolitan region, with $190 million in wages as well as $530 million in total regional activity. A study by the Los Angeles County Economic Development Corporation found that a long-haul flight such as ours to Los Angeles generates $623.5 million in annual benefits to the US economy, sustains 3,120 direct and indirect jobs in Southern California, and produces $156 million in annual wages.” In June 2015, Etihad Airways had urged the US government to “keep the skies open”, in a comprehensive formal response to the joint campaign by Delta, United and American Airlines to block competition and roll back the benefits of Open Skies. The Etihad Airways response also emphasised the many benefits delivered by Open Skies to consumers, American workers, US carriers and US trade and tourism. Of course, there is also a flip side to the ban. With the UK also joining the US in banning electronic devices in cabin baggage, the impact is going to be felt by the West Asian carriers as well. The US is a big market for the West Asian carriers, and the ban is likely to hit their operations as well. With reports coming in that other countries too are likely to join the ban, the situation will merit closer attention. The question now is, who will blink first: the Americans or the West Asian carriers. (This article was published on March 22, 2017) Post Comment Related NEWS US bars electronics in cabin bags on non-stop flights from eight countries TOPICS World | USA | crime, law and justice | international law | terrorism (crime) | transport and logistics | airlines and aviation | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. VIDEO Ennore Oil Spill Two ships collided off the Kamarajar Port, Ennore, tamil Nadu on January 28. One of them carrying 32,813 tonnes of oil, was damaged and this lead to an oil spill. Watch to know more. more videos» MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED Five dead, around 40 injured in UK Parliament 'terrorist' attack CBSE revamps exam, assessment format for Classes 6 to 9 Meat industry in limbo as UP orders closure of ‘illegal’ slaughterhouses PM to inaugurate India’s longest road tunnel in J&K on April 2 Ilayaraja controversy: Bollywood voice concern over royalty Election Commission freezes AIADMK’s party name, ‘two leaves’ symbol Industry watchers, legal experts defend Ilayaraja’s claim of rights over songs 3rd round of defence pension arrears to be released soon Sasikala camp gets ‘hat’ symbol, OPS to use ‘electric pole’ Device ban opens US/UK skies for carriers of exempt countries Top Gainers / Top Losers Business Wire TSYS to Acquire TransFirst to Establish Leadership Position in Merchant Solutions TSYS to Acquire TransFirst to Establish Leadership Position in Merchant Solutions Business Wire India TSYS® (NYSE: TSS), a leading global payment solutions provider, today announced it has entered into a definitive a... » Murex Named a Leader in Gartner’s 2015 "Magic Quadrant for Trading Platforms" Murex Named a Leader in Gartner’s 2015 "Magic Quadrant for Trading Platforms" Business Wire India Murex, the distinguished provider of capital markets and treasury solutions, is proud to announce that it has been named as a Lea... » Kroll Ontrack empowers local control over data with mobile ediscovery technology and local expertise Kroll Ontrack empowers local control over data with mobile ediscovery technology and local expertise Business Wire India Amid global legal changes which affect the transfer of data between countries and in regulated industries, organisations are grap... » Foremay Ships Full Disk Encryption SED SSD with Crypto Erase Foremay Ships Full Disk Encryption SED SSD with Crypto Erase Business Wire India Foremay, Inc., a leader of technology innovation in rugged solid state drives and one of the world’s » Read More » LATEST NEWS Deepa files nomination for R K Nagar assembly bypoll 18 min. ago Tata Chemicals collaborates with IIT-Gandhinagar for research 30 min. ago Port unions plan stir from April 19 1 hr. 17 min. ago South Indian Bank introduces Aadhar-based payment app 1 hr. 23 min. ago Singapore DTAA: India notifies third Protocol 1 hr. 36 min. ago More » O P E N close Recent Article in News Deepa files nomination for R K Nagar assembly bypoll Deepa Jayakumar, niece of late Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa, today filed her nominations for the RK Nagar assembly constituency for the... » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Why Boeing Sees an Upgrade-Lite in a Sell Rating By Jon C. Ogg March 22, 2017 10:40 am EDT Print Email Tweet When investors hear the official rating of Underperform, they are effectively hearing “Sell.” But not all Sell ratings are created equal when it comes to stocks. For Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA), what are investors supposed to think when they hear a Sell rating but a higher price target, higher earnings expectations, higher share buybacks and a migration away from a raw price-to-earnings (P/E) analysis to derive a higher price ahead? Merrill Lynch’s Ronald Epstein maintained an Underperform rating on Boeing, while lifting the official price objective to $150 from $135. This compares to a previous closing price of $175.96. 24/7 Wall St. reviewed how this stacks up against the Thomson Reuters consensus estimates. Boeing’s consensus analyst price target has been steadily increasing of late to a current target of $176.50. That consensus target price was $173.70 a month ago, and it was $161.70 late in January and $156.50 late in December. Thomson Reuters shows that there are 11 ratings in the Buy, Outperform and Strong Buy category. That compares with 10 ratings in the Sell and Neutral category and four in the Sell and Underperform category (which includes the Merrill Lynch call). While Epstein’s call talks of a concern about a slowdown in the aerospace cycle, there are many positives. In fact, some of the areas for earnings growth and share buybacks look aggressive enough that some investors might wonder if this should be viewed as an “upgrade-light” call after the outlook having been negative for some time. Epstein addressed the aerospace cycle concerns specifically, while also addressing some of the positives: We view it positively that Boeing has been able to squeeze cash from working capital in the last five consecutive years resulting in free cash flow conversion in excess of 100%. However, we continue to believe that this may be the early stages of a commercial aerospace downcycle. In 2016, aircraft order deferrals and cancellations accelerated. Demand in the widebody jet market continues to decline and the 777 remains vulnerable. The narrowbody jet market seems stable, but is showing some softness. Continued strength in the 737 through the decade could help bridge the 777 to the 777X on cash generation, but we remain cautious. Epstein raised Boeing’s earnings per share (EPS) estimates on a lower share count and from the pension tailwind as decreasing pension expenses will boost segment margins. This is after Boeing repurchased $7.0 billion in shares in 2016 and $6.8 billion in 2015. That makes for a lowering of its diluted shares outstanding by 8% in 2016 and 6% in 2015. For 2017, Merrill Lynch increased its expected buyback assumptions to $7.0 billion (up from $6.0 billion) and for 2018 they boosted the buyback expectations to $7.5 billion (from $4.0 billion). For 2019, the firm increased its buyback assumptions to $5.0 billion (from $3.0 billion) and in 2020 and 2021 they raised their share buyback assumptions to $4.0 billion (from $2.0 billion) in each year. The core EPS estimates were raised as a result as follows: To $9.30 from $9.20 in 2017 To $9.00 from $8.30 in 2018 To $9.65 from $8.80 in 2019 Go $11.50 from $10.30 in 2020 To $12.50 from $10.90 in 2021 While the outlying annual EPS assumptions were raised, Merrill Lynch tweaked its quarterly estimates to reflect a lower first quarter due to unfavorable timing of expenses and sales-mix after management guidance (lowered to $1.84 from $2.17). For the rest of 2017, Merrill Lynch raised its EPS estimates as follows: Second quarter to $2.43 from $2.27 Third quarter to $2.46 from $2.39 Fourth quarter to $2.59 from $2.37 As far as why the price target was hiked to $150 from $135, Epstein noted that the firm is changing its valuation methodology to cash flow versus earnings (P/E multiple to P/FCF). He said: In our view, a free cash flow multiple better reflects the current stage of the aircraft order cycle and excludes non-cash effects of program accounting. We derive our PO of $150 using a 0.7x P/FCF multiple relative to the S&P 500 on 2018 estimates, in line with historical averages. We may see upside to Boeing’s multiple if the market multiple continues to expand. However, Boeing has traded as low as 0.3x during previous aerospace order downcycles. For additional concerns in the investment rational: Epstein expects the stock to be pressured in the medium-term as Boeing grapples with industry concerns regarding overproduction, as well as development and production risks on programs like the 787, 777X and 737MAX. Despite stocks having been lower on Tuesday and Wednesday morning, Boeing’s stock price was last seen up by $0.24 at $176.20, in a 52-week range of $122.35 to $185.71. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Jon C. Ogg « Will Tronc Vice Chairman Offer $18 a Share? A Listing by State of 1,430 Sears and Kmart Stores » Read more: Aerospace & Defense, Analyst Upgrades, Value Investing, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Best Counties to Live In The Most and Least Reliable Car in Each Class Retailers Closing the Most Stores America's Happiest (and Most Miserable) States The Worst Counties to Live In Recent Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: Dollar Tree, FireEye, Ferrari, Kroger, Proofpoint, Verifone and More Why Five Below Is Rallying Apple Acquires Workflow Automation Tool for iPad, iPhone Deutsche Bank Raises Price Targets on Top Steel Stocks to Buy Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search These 2 Stocks Are Up Over 500% Over the Last 5 Years 3 Dumb Mistakes to Avoid When Closing on a Mortgage Five Below Scores Big for the Holidays Nasdaq Composite down 0.2% Dow retreats 0.1% S&P 500 off 0.1% Stocks Calm Down Ahead of Vote Why Arbor Realty (ABR) Could Be Positioned for a Surge AptarGroup (ATR) Unit Unveils Ophthalmic Squeeze Dispenser Jobless claims unexpectedly rise; labor market still strong Fed's Yellen does not comment on monetary policy Global stocks, bonds cheer bumper ECB cash handout Spoiler Alert: You're Probably Going to Fall Into This Credit Card Trap, and Here's Why Here's How to Find Great Tax Breaks You Might Have Missed Trust and Payments Meet The Martin Shkreli Of Defense Contracting Climate Emails From Former Exxon CEO Rex Tillerson's Alias Account Have Disappeared Rural Americans’ Drinking Water At Stake With Trump Budget Cuts Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai BOC Aviation orders 13 Boeing jets worth $1.4 bln AFPMarch 21, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Singapore-based aircraft leasing firm BOC Aviation has ordered 13 new Boeing 737 MAX 8 planes worth a total of $1.4 billion at list prices (AFP Photo/STEPHEN BRASHEAR)More Singapore (AFP) - Singapore-based aircraft leasing firm BOC Aviation said Tuesday it has ordered 13 new Boeing 737 MAX 8 planes worth a total of $1.4 billion at list prices. "Airlines are attracted by the 737 MAX 8's lower operating costs and fuel efficiency," BOC Aviation managing director and chief executive Robert Martin said in a statement. "We are delighted to announce the inclusion of these additional aircraft as we build our future delivery pipeline." BOC Aviation, owned by Bank of China, is based in Singapore with offices in Dublin, London and Tianjin. It is a key customer for both European aircraft maker Airbus and its US rival Boeing. BOC Aviation said its fleet is leased to 68 airlines in 32 countries as of end December last year. Following the latest purchase agreement, the company said its cumulative outstanding orders, purchases and deliveries from Boeing total 331 aircraft. Most of its Boeing planes are from the single-aisle 737 family, a popular choice among low-cost carriers, which have expanded rapidly in Southeast Asia. Reblog Share Tweet Share Popular in the Community 'GMA' Deals and Steals on must-have beauty products 1 messages0%50%50% The Wraith Black Badge sets a new standard for Rolls-Royce 7 messages0%60%40% London terror attack: Watch the moment three shots were fired after attacker stabbed police officer 2531 messages5%66%29% Hot air balloons over Turkey's Cappadocia Intelligence committee chair reignites wiretapping scandal 16 messages0%74%26% The Supreme Court could fundamentally change America's broken patent system 10 messages0%64%36% Donald Trump Jr sparks storm over terror comments made by London Mayor Sadiq Khan 2525 messages4%60%36% Texas Teacher, 27, Accused of Improper Relationship with 17-Year-Old Male Student 1974 messages7%74%19% Attack outside the Houses of Parliament in London 341 messages5%69%26% Now you can use Facebook Livestream from your desktop Sophie Simmons Calls Katey Sagal ‘Low’ for Revealing Dad Gene’s Affair 2455 messages3%82%15% Aaron Rodgers' Green Bay house is for sale, and you might even be able to afford it! 191 messages5%82%13% Top Dem says evidence 'more' than circumstantial in Russia probe 990 messages4%64%32% Photos of the day - March 22, 2017 21 messages3%81%16% A new twist on the classic 'Wizard of Oz' tale 3 messages0%50%50% 'You're a disgrace': Donald Trump Jr slammed for criticising Sadiq Khan only hours after London attack 1443 messages3%60%37% WSJ: Trump clings to wiretap claim ‘like a drunk to an empty gin bottle,’ damaging his credibility Liberty: Truth has no meaning for Trump. He says whatever self-serving nonsense pops into his head. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 5.3k
Thursday, March 23, 2017  |  Jumada Al Thani 24, 1438 Business Things to do today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Sign In Edit Profile Sign Out UAE World Business Sport Arts & Life Opinion Blogs Personal Finance Aviation Banking Economy Energy The Life Markets Media Property Retail Technology Telecoms Travel & Tourism BOC Aviation is buying 13 new 737 MAX 8 jetliners. Jason Redmond / AFP New Boeing 737 MAX jets order from Singapore aircraft leasing firm March 22, 2017 Updated: March 22, 2017 02:21 PM Related Dubai aircraft lessor boosts fleet with more ATR passenger planes Boeing 737 plant in China targets 100 jets as MAX 8 deemed fit to fly Boeing’s plan to stretch 737 further leaves aircraft lessors cold Airbus says orders to slow but deliveries maintain rise Related Dubai aircraft lessor boosts fleet with more ATR passenger planes Boeing 737 plant in China targets 100 jets as MAX 8 deemed fit to fly Boeing’s plan to stretch 737 further leaves aircraft lessors cold Airbus says orders to slow but deliveries maintain rise Topics: Boeing The Singapore-based aircraft leasing firm BOC Aviation said it has ordered 13 new Boeing 737 MAX 8 planes worth a total of US$1.4 billion at list prices. "Airlines are attracted by the 737 MAX 8’s lower operating costs and fuel efficiency," said the BOC Aviation managing director and chief executive Robert Martin. "We are delighted to announce the inclusion of these additional aircraft as we build our future delivery pipeline." BOC Aviation, owned by Bank of China, is based in Singapore with offices in Dublin, London and Tianjin. It is a key customer for both the European aircraft maker Airbus and its US rival Boeing. BOC Aviation said its fleet is leased to 68 airlines in 32 countries as of end December last year. Following the latest purchase agreement, the company said its cumulative outstanding orders, purchases and deliveries from Boeing total 331 aircraft. Most of its Boeing planes are from the single-aisle 737 family, a popular choice among low-cost carriers, which have expanded rapidly in South East Asia. * AFP Follow The National’s Business section on Twitter Pages: Add your comment View all comments More Aviation New Emirates A380 service offers taste of French Riviera high life Widebody Airbus or Boeing jetliners a target for Malaysia Airlines Biggest Greek airline’s profits nosedive Gulf carriers expected to lose premium business after US device ban MOST VIEWED Business | All India business leaders plan to avoid Gulf carriers in flights to the US Amazon deal for Souq.com is back on Gulf carriers expected to lose premium business after US device ban A look inside Abu Dhabi’s newest hotel, Marriott Al Forsan – in pictures Low-rise living in high-rise Downtown Dubai for Dh3.7 million – in pictures Dubai Duty Free to lose $2 million from US cabin baggage ban of laptops and electronic devices Flight device ban: what devices are allowed? FCA crackdowns on Holborn Assets’ UK division over pension transfers Widebody Airbus or Boeing jetliners a target for Malaysia Airlines New Emirates A380 service offers taste of French Riviera high life More Most Viewed Mother stabbed to death, children and maid injured in knife attack in Fujairah Thunderstorms from Friday as ‘unstable weather’ is forecast this weekend Seatbelts to become compulsory for all in the UAE Sharjah Ruler apologises for ‘misunderstood’ comments on Algeria’s history India business leaders plan to avoid Gulf carriers in flights to the US Emirati sisters attacked by drug addict to sue London hotel Amazon deal for Souq.com is back on Higher fines for UAE motorists who violate traffic rules Iran smuggling ‘kamikaze’ drones to Yemen’s Houthi rebels Dubai Ruler welcomes new grandson More Most Viewed Back to the top EDITOR'S PICKS India business leaders plan to avoid Gulf carriers in flights to the US Low-rise living in high-rise Downtown Dubai for Dh3.7 million – in pictures Where Abu Dhabi rents have risen and fallen, 2016 – in pictures Where Dubai rents have risen and fallen, 2016 – in pictures FOLLOW US Tweets by @TheNationalUAE SPOTLIGHT London under attack - in pictures UN official ‘hopes for more refugees to be welcomed in UAE’ Switch to Mobile Site About us Contact us Work with us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Advertise with us Subscribe Sitemap super.ae alittihad.ae thenational.ae anazahra.com ngalarabiya.com adtv.ae adradio.ae admedia.ae
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Malaysia Air CEO Considers Jet Leases to Help Expansion by Christopher Jasper More stories by Christopher Jasper March 22, 2017, 8:00 PM EDT Bellew aiming to secure initial lease accord in coming weeks Carrier may also order 30 new planes for longer-term growth Peter Bellew. Photographer: Anthony Kwan/Bloomberg Malaysia Airlines Bhd. plans to seal deals for as many as 42 wide-body jets over the next few months as the unprofitable carrier seeks to rebuild its long-haul network following a surge in demand. Terms should be agreed in the next six to eight weeks for the lease of up to a dozen used Airbus Group SE A330 or Boeing Co. 777 aircraft, Chief Executive Officer Peter Bellew said in an interview. That could be followed later in the first half by an order for 25 to 30 new Boeing 787s or A330neos, as the upgraded Airbus model is known, potentially worth more than $7 billion. Bellew is looking to expand wide-body operations after Malaysia Air slashed its fleet and route network in response to a bookings slump that followed two fatal plane crashes in 2014. Sales have now recovered to the extent that the carrier posted an 81 percent load factor in the fourth quarter of 2016, including a 90 percent occupancy rate in December, when it made money. “Things have gone a bit better a bit quicker than I expected,” said Bellew, an Irishman who became Malaysia Air CEO last July after joining as chief operating officer in 2015, following nine years at Dublin-based discount specialist Ryanair Holdings Plc. “We’re ahead of where we hoped we would be.” The Asian carrier needs the leased jets mainly to replace single-aisle Boeing 737s on 10 or 11 medium-haul routes that are capable of supporting wide-bodies, including services to India, Bali and Hong Kong, Bellew said. The plan has become attractive after hire rates fell 15 percent in 3 1/2 months, he said. China Growth Malaysian Air is also rapidly adding new routes to China, with nine due this year and another eight in 2018, taking the total to 24. The expansion, part of a plan to make Malaysia a top destination for Chinese tourists, reflects a recovery in bookings that collapsed after the disappearance of Flight MH370 while en route to Beijing from Kuala Lumpur. Bellew said he’ll seek to take half a dozen leased wide-bodies in the first half of next year, followed by the same number in 2019, all about six years old. A330s would be the obvious choice, though 777s would allow the carrier to add longer routes, perhaps reinstating a service to Amsterdam, he said. The 25 or more new jets that Bellew is evaluating would likely be bought direct from Airbus or Boeing and would join the fleet between 2019 and 2023, with 15 replacing older aircraft and the rest for expansion. The re-engined A330neo comes in two sizes advertised at $255 million and $291 million before discounts, while the 787 Dreamliner has three variants priced between $225 million and $306 million. The airline is also poised to take delivery of six Airbus A350 wide-bodies, allowing it to move the same number of A380 superjumbos to a new sister carrier specializing in carrying people on the Hajj and Umrah pilgrimages. 720 Seats With A350 handovers delayed by a shortage of interior fittings at Airbus, the first plane is due a couple of months late in November or December, Bellew said. All should arrive by June 2018, after which the A380s will be refitted to allow their capacity to be varied between 635 and 720 seats, with the airline commencing operations in December of that year. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up Dubbed Project Hope, the startup has yet to be given a permanent name, though most of its management team will be approved at a board meeting next week, Bellew said, adding that a CEO has yet to be chosen but will almost certainly be a Malaysian national. Long-term support deals have been struck with Airbus and engine maker Rolls-Royce Holdings Plc and that could extend to investment in the venture next year, he said. Malaysia Air had a loss last year that was less than half the internal forecast, it said March 1, and aims to reduce the deficit by more than half this year before becoming “consistently profitable” from 2018. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Republican Nunes Tries to Give Trump Cover on Wiretap Claim Attacker Kills Four Near U.K. Parliament Before Being Shot Dead Sears Plummets After Filing Sparks Concern That End Is Near U.S. Stocks Rise as Rout Eases; Bonds, Gold Climb: Markets Wrap Payless Is Said to Be Filing for Bankruptcy as Soon as Next Week Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 22 March 2017 by Military News New Members Appointed to the Defense Advisory Committee on Women in the Services The Department of Defense (DoD) announced today the induction of six new members to the Defense Advisory Committee on Women in the Services (DACOWITS). DACOWITS provides the department with advice and recommendations on matters and policies relating to the recruitment and retention, treatment, employment, integration and well-being of highly-qualified professional women in the Armed Forces. The new additions include retired Lt. Gen. Judith A. Fedder, retired Sgt. Maj. Norma J. Helsham, Therese A. Hughes, Kyleanne M. Hunter, Pat W. Locke, and retired Rear Adm. Cari B. Thomas.   The committee is comprised of 20 members, who include prominent civilian women and men from academia, industry, public service and other professions, as well as military retirees and veterans. Members represent a distribution of demography, academia, industry, public service and other professions. They are selected based on military experience or woman-related workforce issues.   „I am honored to be part of DACOWITS and to help the committee advise the secretary of defense on important matters affecting the service of women in our armed forces,” stated retired Lt. Gen.  Fedder.   Current and newly appointed committee members are: ·       Dr. Kristy E. Anderson ·       Retired Col. John Boggs, Marine Corps ·       Retired Maj. Gen.  Sharon K. G. Dunbar, Air Force ·       Retired Lt. Gen. Judith A. Fedder, Air Force ·       Sharlene W. Hawkes ·       Retired Sgt. Maj.  Norma J. Helsham, Army ·       Therese A. Hughes ·        Kyleanne M. Hunter, Marine Corps veteran ·       Retired Command Sgt. Maj.  Michele S. Jones, Army ·       Pat W. Locke, Army veteran ·       Retired Maj. Gen.  John Macdonald, Army ·       Monica Medina, Army veteran ·       Janie L. Mines, Navy veteran ·       Brian Morrison, Navy veteran ·       Retired Fleet Master Chief  JoAnn M. Ortloff, Navy ·       Vice Adm. (Ret.) Carol M. Pottenger, Navy ·       Sgt. Maj. of the Army (Ret.) Kenneth O. Preston, Army ·       Retired Rear Adm. Cari B. Thomas, Coast Guard ·       Retired Gen Janet C. Wolfenbarger, Air Force ·       Dr. Jackie Young The six new members were sworn-in at the start of the committee’s March quarterly business meeting earlier today. Anthony M. Kurta, performing the duties of the under secretary of defense for personnel and readiness, provided formal remarks. “I have followed the work of DACOWITS for years while on active duty,” said retired Rear Adm. Thomas, “I am humbled by those whose footsteps that I will now follow.” About the New Committee Members: Judith Fedder.  A retired three star general officer, Fedder now serves as the director of Global Sales and Marketing for the Boeing Company. Fedder is responsible for new business growth within the company’s premier performance-based logistics unit, and establishes and leads strategic and tactical planning, market coordination, and overall proposal development and support. Norma Helsham.  A retired Army veteran with over thirty-two years of leadership experience, Helsham now works for United Airlines as a lead representative responsible for all manifest operations and handover of the aircraft to flight and ground control personnel at Dulles airport.   Therese Hughes.  Hughes has vast professional experience working at the local, county, state, and national level. She currently is finishing a photography project titled, “Military Women: WWII to Present,” honoring women veterans. In 2014, the project was featured at the Women in Military Service for America Memorial located at Arlington National Cemetery.   Kyleanne Hunter. A SuperCobra pilot with over 950 combat hours as an aircraft commander in support of Operations Iraqi and Enduring Freedom, Hunter received seven Air Strike/Flight Medals. She is currently a Ph.D. candidate of the Josef Korbel School of International Studies at the University of Denver, and works as a research associate for the Carnegie Corporation of New York.   Pat Locke. The founder and president of the Seeds of Humanity Foundation, Locke designed the program to promote the development and education of children. She was among the first class of women at the United States Military Academy and the first black woman to graduate from West Point. She is also the co-author of the book, “The Power of Civility.” Cari Thomas. With over 20 years of leadership, education and training, organizational change and public relations experience as a flag officer in the U.S. Coast Guard, Thomas now works as the executive director of the Navy League of the United States. She previously served as the chairperson of the Board for the Sea Service Leadership Association, which hosts the annual Joint Women’s Leadership Symposium.   About the Defense Advisory Committee on Women in the Services   After over 65 years in existence, DACOWITS is one of the oldest DoD federal advisory committees. The committee was established following the signing of the Women’s Armed Services Integration Act in 1948, by then Secretary of Defense George C. Marshall. The new law enabled women to serve as permanent, regular members of the Armed Forces in the Army, Navy, Marine Corps, and the recently formed Air Force. The committee provides an invaluable service to the department as an independent body of „citizen” advisors. The committee’s operations and output are focused and formalized. This requires a dedicated core of members who are available to receive specialized training on service issues and group facilitation techniques, and who can provide meaningful feedback and assessments. The committee provides an annual report to the secretary of defense with information gathered through installation visits, business meetings, relevant reports and survey data, and input from individual Service members. This combination of research and first-hand experiences provides a solid basis for each DACOWITS recommendation. More information about DACOWITS can be found at http://dacowits.defense.gov/ CategoriesUncategorized Tagsacademy, Air Force, aircraft, army, Books, Business, coast guard, combat, command, commander, company, corps, defense, fleet, force, general, military, navy, officer, service, star, tactical, Uncategorized, unit, veteran Post navigation Previous PostPrevious March 22, 2017 – South Boulder Recreation Center Plans Annual Maintenance Shutdown March 25 Through April 2 Next PostNext OSHA, Nebraska alliance members to train, protect workers in meat-packing, other industries from common workplace hazards Search Recent Posts Risks and Opportunities in the Global Sesame Oil Market 2022 Skandiabanken Becomes Largest Shareholder in Quantfolio, and Increases Focus on Private Savings Foreign Expert Workers Wanted for Technology Jobs in New Zealand – New Zealand Visa Expert Smith & Wollensky Restaurant Group Collaborates with Esteemed Double R Ranch New survey finds board-certified case managers earning more and on solid career trajectory Business Contacts A Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Business Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Autos Real Estate Jobs Classifieds DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search Business Real Estate Airlines Retail Health Care Technology Energy Top 100 Workplaces Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person Newsletters North Dallas Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments The Dallas Morning News Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close Staff Photographer Bloomberg: American Airlines in talks to buy stake in Chinese carrier Filed under Airlines at 16 hrs ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Wire Services Connect with Wire Services Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now American Airlines Group Inc. is in advanced talks over a deal in which the world's largest carrier would acquire a stake in China Southern Airlines Co., according to people familiar with the matter. The negotiations focus on an investment of about $200 million by Fort Worth, Texas-based American in China Southern's Hong Kong-listed shares, said the people, asking not to be identified as talks are confidential. The sale likely would take place through a private placement, one of the people said. China Southern has a market value of about $10 billion. An investment in China Southern would allow American to strengthen its presence in a market that the International Air Transport Association predicts will surpass the U.S. to become the world's biggest in terms of passenger numbers by 2024. Delta Air Lines Inc. acquired a minority stake in China Eastern Airlines Corp. in 2015. Under the discussions, American would nominate an observer without voting rights to the Chinese company's board, the people said. Details of a deal are subject to change and a transaction could still fall through. China Southern representatives couldn't immediately comment when reached after regular business hours. A spokesman for American Airlines declined to comment. Bulking Up China Southern and its subsidiaries have ordered more than $15 billion of new aircraft from Boeing Co. and Airbus Group SE since 2015 as more people fly in the world's most populous nation. China Southern and Delta are members of the SkyTeam global airline alliance. American is in the competing Oneworld group, which doesn't have a China-based partner. Such alliances make it easier for passengers to fly around the world by combining schedules through one carrier and allowing travelers to accrue and use frequent-flier miles across airlines. China Eastern also is a SkyTeam member. Delta declined to comment, a spokesman said. A China Southern stake sale would represent the Chinese government's efforts to diversify ownership of state-controlled enterprises. Authorities have urged firms in industries including power, energy, defense and aviation to take measures this year to broaden ownership. Top Three China Southern, Asia's biggest by passengers, is the last of the nation's top three airlines to bring in a non-mainland Chinese strategic investor. Cathay Pacific Airways Ltd., which is based in Hong Kong, owns about 18 percent of flagship Air China Ltd. Besides Delta, Shanghai-based China Eastern also counts online travel-services provider Ctrip.com International Ltd. among its shareholders. American recently received a six-month extension, until September, to begin flights between Los Angeles and Beijing because it was unable to secure viable slots from the Chinese government. The airline connects 350 destinations in 50 countries, mostly in North America, the Caribbean, South America and Europe. It has flights from major U.S. cities to Beijing and Shanghai. China Southern -- with a fleet of 684 aircraft as of June 2016, the largest in Asia -- flies to 208 destinations across 40 countries and has been expanding on routes to Australia, New Zealand and Southeast Asia. American closed little changed at $40.35 in New York, leaving the shares down 14 percent this year. China Southern rose less than 1 percent to close at HK$5.45 on Wednesday, putting the shares up 35 percent this year. Mary Schlangenstein and Michael Sasso, Bloomberg View Comments Tags Airlines American Airlines Business Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to Business More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us Special Sections FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2017, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
Menu Home + Nation Abu Dhabi Dubai Sharjah Ras Al Khaimah Fujairah Umm Al Quwain Ajman Pink Caravan Ride 2017 + News General Crime Weather Transport Health Government Education + Region Bahrain Kuwait Oman Qatar Saudi Arabia MENA + International India Pakistan Philippines Rest of Asia Europe Americas Africa Others Trump Visa Ban + Gold/forex UAE Bahrain Qatar + Business Local Business Global Business Markets Economy Auto Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Aviation Corporate Gold/Forex Shipping + Sports Local Sports Global Sports Cricket Football Tennis Horse racing F 1 Golf Motor Sports + Technology Computers Features Game Zone Industry Mobiles Gadgets and Electronics KT 10 + Specials Year Of Giving 2017 Life Is Like That Humour Junction Idea Graph Happiness Times Abu Dhabi Grand Prix Battle For White House Demonetisation in India Dubai Airshow 2015 Dubai World Cup 2017 Euro 2016 Flydubai Plane Crash Global Village 2016-17 ICC World Twenty20 India Budget 2017-18 Indian Premier League 2016 Mubadala Tennis Championships New Year 2017 Olympics 2016 UAE and India: Ties that bind UAE FLAG DAY Wimbledon 2016 Yas Island - Anime + City Times In The City Newsmakers Hollywood Bollywood South Stars Movie reviews Music Naam Shabana + Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health and Fitness Art and Culture Food Homes Travel + WKND Editor's Note Letters to WKND Editor Editor's Picks What's Hot Interviews Pursuits Bollywood Mindsport Life Coach When Hunger Strikes Beauty Basics Get her look Zapped by Apps Hard Drive On The Road Food and Dining Horoscope A Day In The Life Of It's My Life Personal Trainer People Offbeat + Legal View Employment Sponsorship Visa and Immigration Property Cyber Laws Banking Laws Others Legal Matters Opinion and Editorial Letters + Photos Nation (photos) International (photos) Business (photos) Sports (photos) Entertainment (photos) Lifestyle (photos) Stars at KT (photos) + Videos Nation (videos) International (videos) Business (videos) Sports (videos) Entertainment (videos) Lifestyle (videos) Technology (videos) CEO Insights (videos) Ramadan Rio Olympics 2016 (videos) + Utilities Prayer Timings Cinema listings Weather GCC Airport Departures / Arrivals Competitions + Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Food Travel Lifestyle Fashion + E-Magazines wknd Inspired Living Style Cookbook E-Paper Parent Talk Supplements Slide Menus Show/Hide Left Slide Menu Show/Hide Right Slide Menu Show/Hide Top Slide Menu Show/Hide Bottom Slide Menu Titles : Khaleej Times SUBSCRIBE COMPETITIONS E-PAPER KT Buzzon Specials Multimedia E-Magazines | Logout City Times WKND Style Inspired Living KT Home Life Is Like That Humour Junction Idea Graph Happiness Times Global Village 2016-17 Pink Caravan Ride 2017 Photos Videos wknd Inspired Living Style Parent Talk Pakistan Resolution Day Follow Us Sign in using OR Forgot Password? Register Now! Terms | Privacy CurrentRequestUnmodified: /news/transport/uae-introduces-new-traffic-rules-fines macro_action: , macro_profile: 1000, macro_adspot: Opinion and Editorial CurrentRequestUnmodified: /news/transport/uae-introduces-new-traffic-rules-fines macro_action: , macro_profile: 1000, macro_adspot: Nation News KT 10 Region INTL GOLD/FOREX Legal View Business Sports Technology City Times Entertainment WKND Jobs Search POPULAR TOPICS Prayer Timings Cinema Listings Weather Supplements| Live Flight Status | Style MORE Listicles IPL 2016 Parent Talk Inspired Living Dubai Airshow 2015 UAE-India Ties World T20 PRAYER TIMES Abu Dhabi | Dubai | Sharjah | Ras Al Khaimah | Fujairah | Umm Al Quwain | Ajman General | Crime | Weather | Transport | Health | Government | Education Bahrain | Kuwait | Oman | Qatar | Saudi Arabia | Mena India | Pakistan | Philippines | Rest of Asia | Europe | Americas | Africa | Others UAE | Bahrain | Qatar Employment | Sponsorship | Visa and Immigration | Property | Cyber Laws | Banking Laws | Others Legal Matters Local Business | Global Business | Economy | Markets | Auto | Finance | Energy | Infrastructure | Real Estate | Telecom | Aviation | Corporate | Gold/Forex | Shipping Local Sports | Global Sports | Cricket | Football | Tennis | Horse Racing | F 1 | Golf | Motor Sports Computers | Features | Game Zone | Industry | Mobiles | Gadgets & Electronics In The City | Newsmakers | Hollywood | Bollywood | South Stars | Movie Reviews | Music Bollywood | Hollywood | Food | Travel | Lifestyle | Fashion Editor's Note | Letters to WKND Editor | What's Hot | Interviews | Pursuits | Mindsport | Life Coach | When Hunger Strikes | Beauty Basics | Food and Dining Banking/Financial Services | Administration | Architect/Interior Design | Construction/Civil Engineer | Medical/Healthcare | Marketing   HOME > Opinion and Editorial Carry-on gadget ban on Middle East fliers makes little sense Bikram Vohra Filed on March 22, 2017 Share More > Vote In a sentence, the fight against terrorism cannot be unilateral and has to be a co-operative initiative. The ban on carrying laptops and iPads or even cameras and DVD players from specific destinations into the US and UK on specific airlines may seem like a security measure based on confidential intelligence gathering, but it is not a very convincing argument. For one, most of the technology is replicated in mobile phones which are permitted on board as carry-on. A high-end phone engages in most of the activities offered on an iPad. What is it a phone cannot do that an iPad does? Western aviation safety experts are explaining it away on the grounds that mobile phones can carry little explosive whereas laptops can carry much more. They harken back to the Somalian incident where a laptop loaded with explosives blew a hole in a Daallo airlines jet. Fair enough, but having 200 laptops in the cargo hold is scarcely a contribution to peace of mind. By the same token, while the use of lithium batteries is being severely discouraged, the placement of an exponentially high number of these items in the baggage hold cannot be a comforting sensation. You could have several hundred in suitcases and bags and we do recall UPS Flight 6 in 2010, a 747 Freighter that crashed because of a lithium fire in the hold. Even Boeing had to face the heat when the 787 Dreamliner had incidents of smoke and fire from its lithium-ion batteries. The FAA has practically admitted that these batteries have an incendiary potential that is more than mildly disturbing. Consequently, encouraging larger amounts of lithium in the load defies logic. And while one might argue it is better to be safe than sorry, a laptop or camera 'bomb' in the hold that could be activated by a timer could be just as devastating. At least carry-on luggage gets checked and a device that has been fixed has a stronger chance of being detected on the X-ray machines and by observing passenger profiles and upping vigilance through shared databases. Also, if it is a question of security then the exercise is hugely cumbersome and defeats itself because merely selecting specific routes and carriers is scarcely a deterrent. Anyone wishing to engage in any untoward act can take off on another carrier from another country not on this list. Why not hop into a European airport on any of these airlines, and take a break and take a carrier from an Alliance then proceed onwards to the UK or across the pond to an American city with laptop in hand. Go to Asia and come in via the Orient. So unless every airline flying into the States or the UK was subject to a blanket ban on bringing electronics in the cabin regardless of the point of departure the effort makes little sense in terms of safety or security. There is also a wriggle of concern that with Emirates, Etihad and Qatar being the trinity of first class carriers that have caught the imagination of transatlantic passengers by their level of service, their presence on this list is a deliberate placement of a wrinkle in their comfort zone. US carriers especially have found it impossible to match these airlines and their profiles and there have been tensions even though the row over Open Skies was supposedly resolved in mid-2016 when American, United and Deltas collectively charged the Gulf carriers for being unfairly subsidised. This has been proven wrong by the Gulf carriers again and again with concrete evidence to the contrary. The Obama administration stepped in and ended the matter without any sanctions or changes indicating that Open Skies would not be restricted. But with the handing over to the Trump administration the element of 'protectionism' could well have been invited to the party in an effort to win back an edge for domestic carriers even if it means putting 'walls' on Open Skies. Any way you look at it, selective banning of these gadgets and any other such actions do not contribute to any sense of comfort. That the cluster is from one part of the world also makes it arbitrary and biased without any proof of why. In a sentence, the fight against terrorism cannot be unilateral and has to be a co-operative initiative. From the point of view of the average passenger the drop in being separated from his laptop for 14 hours and more is immense and tangible. This is a stretch of time where actual work can be done inflight, speeches written, reports corrected, power point presentations spruced up. Entertainment is not always the first priority and high yield executive passengers would be extremely discomfited by such a limitation. Is part of all this aimed at bruising the bottom line of certain trendsetting carriers? Since this ban does not affect US carriers because they do not fly directly from these 10 chosen airports and only includes two British carriers, the way in which it has been imposed raises many questions but few answers except that the 'threat of terrorist acts' always shuts everyone up. Difficult to see how all this will reduce any risk? (Bikram Vohra is a former editor of Khaleej Times) Share More > Vote MORE FROM Opinion and Editorial Opinion and Editorial Carry-on gadget ban on Middle East fliers makes little sense In a sentence, the fight against terrorism cannot be unilateral and has to be a co-operative initiative. READ MORE MENA Social and political action will weed out... If the new government is able to demonstrate inclusive, effective,... READ MORE Opinion and Editorial Turkey and the EU better off together than apart Ankara-Brussels rift evident, but there is room for cooperation beyond the rhetoric READ MORE Opinion and Editorial Sanctions on Iran will make it come to its senses Iran is playing a dangerous game that does not give peace a chance. READ MORE MORE FROM Khaleej Times Transport UAE introduces new traffic rules, fines Children aged 10 and above can now sit on the front seat, but they... READ MORE Aviation Small plane nearly crashes as it flies below... Emirates noted that an investigation into the incident is currently... READ MORE Pakistan Pakistan Day: Marching onwards with confidence... Ambassador of Pakistan to the UAE, Moazzam Ahmad Khan's message on... READ MORE Weather Rain, mist forecast for UAE over the weekend Plan your weekends accordingly. READ MORE CurrentRequestUnmodified: /editorials-columns/dont-simply-flush-it-out-recycle-and-reuse-water macro_action: listing, macro_profile: , macro_adspot:   Popular Voted Mobiles WhatsApp's one-liner status is back, plus new features 48316 views | 22 March 2017 Mobiles Apple launches new special edition iPhone 31050 views | 21 March 2017 Transport UAE introduces new traffic rules, fines 29001 views | 21 March 2017 Nation UAE, Armenia agree on reciprocal visa waiver 23850 views | 22 March 2017 Local Business UAE publishes VAT timetable; excise tax roll out in 2017 22095 views | 21 March 2017 MENA Video: Emirates' witty response to US electronics ban 21588 views | 22 March 2017 Dubai Dubai Frame gets covered in gold 19415 views | 21 March 2017 Dubai Sheikh Mohammed becomes a proud grandfather 17022 views | 22 March 2017 Americas Pregnant 19-year-old girl accused of raping 14-year-old boy 15610 views | 22 March 2017 Abu Dhabi UAE fast food restaurant shut down over poor hygiene 13560 views | 22 March 2017 Crime Man lures Dubai traveller into hotel room for sex, court told 11004 views | 22 March 2017 Saudi Arabia Video: Reckless driver dangerously speeds through sandstorm 8396 views | 22 March 2017 India Father kills daughter, dumps body on boyfriend's doorsteps 8175 views | 22 March 2017 Europe Four people dead, 20 injured in UK parliament attack 7651 views | 22 March 2017 Bollywood Are Salman Khan, Katrina Kaif back together? 6627 views | 22 March 2017 Weather Video: Thunder, rain lash UAE, temperatures dip 90 votes | 21 March 2017 General Sharjah teenager commits suicide after tiff with her dad 88 votes | 20 March 2017 Crime Man lures Dubai traveller into hotel room for sex, court told 71 votes | 22 March 2017 Dubai Do you wear rubber shoes? Read Dubai Municipality's message 68 votes | 20 March 2017 Abu Dhabi UAE fast food restaurant shut down over poor hygiene 62 votes | 22 March 2017 General 3 UAE supermoms tell us what it's like to raise triplets 61 votes | 20 March 2017 Dubai Watch: Eat at this Sheikh Mohammed-inspired Dubai restaurant 52 votes | 17 March 2017 Dubai What's in a name? A free stay at a Dubai hotel 52 votes | 19 March 2017 Africa Plane carrying 45 people crash lands in Sudan 51 votes | 20 March 2017 Nation 40 samples of drinking water unfit for consumption: RAK Municipality 49 votes | 16 March 2017 Mobiles WhatsApp's one-liner status is back, plus new features 47 votes | 22 March 2017 Saudi Arabia Video: Reckless driver dangerously speeds through sandstorm 47 votes | 22 March 2017 Weather Weather was never so strange, say UAE residents 46 votes | 20 March 2017 International US to ban electronic devices on Middle East flights? 45 votes | 21 March 2017 Dubai Video: Dh15 million McLaren P1 on sale online in Dubai 44 votes | 20 March 2017   KT App Download All new KT app is available for download: Newsletter Get the latest news around the world in your inbox, so you dont miss out on the action. Accept Terms & Conditions ©2017 Khaleej Times. All rights reserved.   News Nation Region International Technology Business Markets Economy Auto Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Aviation Gold/Forex Sports Local Sports Cricket Football Tennis Horse Racing F 1 Golf Global Sports Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health & Fitness Art & Culture Food Home City Times In The City Newsmakers Indian Cinema Movie Reviews Music   Travel Health Offbeat Legal View Opinion & Editorials Letters Photos   Videos Gold/Forex Prayer Timings Cinema Listings Weather E-Paper KT buzzon Inspired Living   About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Privacy Policy   KT App Download iPhone | iPad Android
Executive Mosaic POC Executive Biz GovCon Executive Executive Gov GovConExec GovConIndex GovConVideo GovCon Wire Your Direct Source for Government Contracting News Home Contract Awards Executive Moves Financial Report M&A Activity Press Releases Weekly Roundup Advertise About GovConIndex Home / Press Releases / Boeing, Air Force Hold KC-46A Pegasus Tests for Military, FAA Certification Boeing, Air Force Hold KC-46A Pegasus Tests for Military, FAA Certification Anna Forrester March 22, 2017 Press Releases 56 Views TYSONS CORNER, VA, March 22, 2017 — Boeing (NYSE: BA) has collaborated with the U.S. Air Force to hold ground and flight tests for the company’s KC-46A Pegasus tanker aircraft at Travis Air Force Base early this month, ExecutiveBiz reported Tuesday. The Air Force said Monday the four-day test activity is part of the military and Federal Aviation Administration certification process and involved 48 Boeing employees and four Travis AFB personnel. About Executive Mosaic: Founded in 2002, Executive Mosaic is a leadership organization and media company. Executive Mosaic offers highly coveted executive events, breaking business news on the Government Contracting industry, and delivers robust and reliable content through seven influential websites and four consequential E-newswires. Headquarters are located in Tysons Corner, VA. www.executivemosaic.com Contact: David Smith (703) 226-7002 david.smith@executivemosaic.com Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Tags Boeing certification Executive Mosaic ExecutiveBiz FAA Federal Aviation Administration flight test govcon KC-46A Pegasus U.S. Air Force Related Articles PV Puvvada, Unisys SVP & Federal Systems President, Inducted Into 2017 Wash100 March 22, 2017 Erich Sanchack, SVP & GM of Federal Sales at CenturyLink, Added to 2017 Wash100 March 22, 2017 Vectrus Lands Recompete Contract for Maxwell AFB Operations Support; Chuck Prow Comments March 22, 2017 Check Also Inmarsat’s Rebecca Cowen-Hirsch: Govt-Commercial Satcom Partnership to Drive Space Resiliency TYSONS CORNER, VA, March 22, 2017 — Rebecca Cowen-Hirsch, senior vice president for government strategy and … Jill Singer, National Security VP at AT&T Public Sector Unit, Selected for 2017 Wash100 Executive Mosaic, Tysons Corner, VA March 21, 2017 — Jill Singer, vice president of national security … Archives Archives Select Month March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 Recent Popular Comments Tags Elbit Systems Lands $100M Contract From Israeli Defense Ministry for Software-Based Radios March 23, 2017 Engineering Research and Consulting Wins $99M IDIQ to Support Air Force’s Seek Eagle Office March 23, 2017 March 22 Market Close: GovCon Index Closes Up, as Markets Wait for Health Care Vote March 22, 2017 PV Puvvada, Unisys SVP & Federal Systems President, Inducted Into 2017 Wash100 March 22, 2017 Erich Sanchack, SVP & GM of Federal Sales at CenturyLink, Added to 2017 Wash100 March 22, 2017 Day & Zimmermann Takes Full Ownership of Security Firm SOC; Hal Yoh Comments January 8, 2015 46,899 GovCon Executive Names Bill Dean of M.C. Dean a ‘CEO Who Cares’ August 17, 2010 39,905 Executive Mosaic Launches GovConIndex October 2, 2014 39,607 POC Extends Industry, Leadership Conversation to Critical Infrastructure March 19, 2014 39,476 ExecutiveBiz Announces Top 20 People to Watch in 2010 December 9, 2009 30,931 Jose: I believe Gregory Reyes is the right person for the job. he's got 28 years of pr... Fred Sullivan: Some Russian said that "Quantity has a quality of it's own." He was referring to... Michael Deal: A hundred fighter/attack aircraft to defend a continent and the adjoining sea la... Ravi Sharma: It is news of great pleasure ICF get hold of Digital IT Consulting Firm CITYTECH... Michael Deal: The acquisition and possible integration of a foreign subsidiary that uses cloud... govcon featured Executive Mosaic ExecutiveBiz Lockheed Martin Contract Awards business news Defense Department Financial News government contracting Northrop Grumman Raytheon Contract Award Executive moves Boeing nyse news General Dynamics financial report DOD GovCon Index SAIC U.S. Air Force U.S. Navy press release BAE Systems Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor About GovConWire The premier source of breaking business news for the government contracting industry, GovCon Wire provides informative, to-the-point stories of the most significant contract awards, top-level executive moves, M&A activities and financial results of the sector’s most notable players. GovCon Wire is always on top of the most recent contracting sector activity and is updated in real time as the news breaks. ExecutiveBiz Lockheed Martin to Update Navy EW System Under $98M Contract Modification Germany Eyes Potential $966M Buy of 6 Lockheed-Built C-130J Aircraft ASRC Federal Unit to Support EPA Info Management Systems Under $250M Contract; Mark Gray Comments Lockheed Martin to Support DoD Efforts Against Cyber Crime Under $347M Contract AECOM JV Lands Spot Under $240M Radiological Remediation Contract With Navy Jacobs to Support Systems Dev’t at USAF Bases Under $205M Task Order; Darren Kraabel Comments @Follow Me Kicking off the POC 2017 Healthcare Forum! A big thank you to our sponsors @IBM @YesVirginia_org! #POC2017Healthcare27 mins ago Engineering Research and Consulting to support @usairforce Seek Eagle office under $99M IDIQ #GovCon https://t.co/WGXYDZbEU32 hours ago New post: March 22 Market Close: GovCon Index Closes Up, as Markets Wait for Health Care Vote https://t.co/Wl6nd9UKos15 hours ago Part of Executive Mosaic Network © Copyright 2017, All Rights Reserved Subscribe to our Newsletter I will subscribe laterSubscribe Now
Visit: Edmonds Beacon | Mill Creek Beacon Home News Opinion Schools Sports Police & Fire Columns A & E Calendar Community Outreach Milestones Weather Classifieds Family Health Service Directory Join Login Search Election hopefuls emerging early on3 candidates for council come out ahead of filing week By Nicholas Johnson | Mar 22, 2017 Courtesy of: candidates Candidates for City Council so far include (from left) Anna Rohrbough, Mohammed Riaz Khan and Christine A. Russell. With more than a month until filing week, several people have already set their sights on two open City Council seats. Anyone looking to run for elected office this year must file with the Snohomish County Auditor’s Office during the week of May 15-19. Council members Ted Wheeler and Randy Lord have said they don’t plan to seek re-election this year. Mayor Jennifer Gregerson and Council President Bob Champion have said they will seek re-election. Mohammed Riaz Khan and Anna Rohrbough plan to run for Wheeler’s seat, while Christine A. Russell is eyeing Lord’s seat. Other positions on the ballot this year include two positions on the Mukilteo School District’s five-member Board of Directors and one position on the Mukilteo Water and Wastewater District’s three-member Board of Commissioners. School board members Judy Schwab and Geoffrey Thorp are up for re-election. Schwab has served five four-year terms and run unopposed in each election since defeating Linda Murray in 1997. Thorp has served three terms since his election in 2005, defeating Ken Renfro in 2009 and running unopposed in 2013. Water and Wastewater District Commissioner Mike R. Johnson has served three six-year terms since defeating Steve Dunphy in 1999. Johnson ran unopposed in 2005 and survived a challenge from Ron Mianecki in 2011.   Wheeler’s seat In 2013, Wheeler eked out a 24-vote win over Terry Preshaw to claim a seat on the City Council. He lost an earlier bid in 2011 to the council’s current vice president, Steve Schmalz. Wheeler, who founded T&E International in 1996, said he’s getting tired and is ready to retire. “I need to be in the sun in the winters,” he said, noting that he’s looking for a place to retire in Florida or Belize. “I want sun and warm beaches where I can sit back and have my kombucha and look at the sunset.” Wheeler said he’s sad he’ll miss out on the construction of the new ferry terminal and the development of the waterfront. Looking back, he said he’s particularly proud of improvements the council made to the city’s budget drafting process. “We have a good group right now,” he said. “We don’t always agree, but we agree to disagree. If you get a good council in there, it doesn’t matter what the issues are, they’ll resolve them.” Wheeler said he’s throwing his support behind Rohrbough. “I think she would be excellent to take over my seat,” he said. “She’s a sharp gal, listens well and gives good advice. She’s involved in the community and she’s well known. You need to know the community in order to be in this position.” Rohrbough, who has lived in Mukilteo with her husband and two children since 2010, is a leadership coach and speaker who runs her own business, AR Leadership. She spoke at TEDxSnoIsleLibraries in 2015 and has since coached other TEDx speakers. “That’s one thing I think the council needs – a business owner who looks at the bottom line of everything,” she said. “I run our household finances, so I’m really conscious of how are we going to pay for everything.” Rohrbough sits on the city’s long-range financial planning committee, chairs the Economic Alliance Snohomish County Ambassadors and serves as a board member for the Mukilteo Chamber of Commerce and Sno-Isle Library Foundation. She said she’s never sought elected office before, despite having double majored in political science and economics at the University of Washington. “I took those classes for fun and never with the intention of running for office,” she said. Khan, who has lived in Mukilteo with his wife and children since 2007, has sought elected office several times, but has yet to win election. In 2014, after Gregerson was elected mayor, Khan applied for the vacated council seat she had held since 2004, but Christine Cook won that appointment. In 2015, Khan ran against Scott Whelpley for the council seat vacated by Emily Vanderwielen, bringing in 18.43 percent of the vote. Last year, Khan ran for a seat in the state House representing District 21, but lost in the primary election after garnering 4.78 percent of the vote. Khan said he’s ready for another run now that he has resigned his position on the Snohomish County Ethics Commission, to which he was appointed in December 2016. “I want to bring the diversity to the chambers, to the City Hall of Mukilteo,” said Khan, who is leading an effort to construct a mosque in Harbour Pointe. “I’m working with a lot of people of different faiths and backgrounds.” Khan is a lead manufacturing engineer at Boeing and is working on the U.S. Air Force tanker program. He has more than 20 years of aviation experience, including with military helicopters and commercial airplanes. He also owns several rental properties in Texas. Khan serves on the Mukilteo School District’s budget committee, and he’s a delegate for the Snohomish County and Washington State labor councils. He also recently joined the Mukilteo Kiwanis Club. He has masters’ degrees in business leadership and human resources development, as well as a bachelor’s degree in aircraft maintenance engineering from Saint Louis University in Missouri. He also has a public manager certificate from Texas State University. Both Khan and Rohrbough have children attending Mukilteo schools and, as a result, both are particularly concerned with issues affecting youth. If elected, either of them would be the only members of the council with children currently in the schools. “I think that gives me a different perspective of what’s going on with parents and kids, and what’s really happening in the schools,” Rohrbough said. “That’s a huge part of this community.” Khan said his top priorities include education, mental health issues, public safety, better serving seniors and veterans, encouraging small business activity and improving transportation infrastructure. “We need to focus on widening roads and improving traffic issues,” he said, noting that Harbour Pointe Boulevard is overly congested with traffic. Rohrbough said many areas of the city still need sidewalks to improve safety, especially for children. “We save so much money for sidewalks, but we’re not paving,” she said. “I think sidewalks and road safety are going to be a huge issue. I’m not sure we’ve been looking ahead enough and doing what we say we’re going to do.” Both said they are wary of rising taxes and fees that can make living and doing business here costly. “I think we have to be really conscious of the cost of living in Mukilteo because taxes are pretty high,” Rohrbough said. “I don’t want to make it harder for businesses to do business here.” Khan said he would oppose any increases in property taxes. “We have $800,000 in surplus,” he said. “Why would we want to increase the property tax? Spend the surplus first and, if needed, we’ll go for something else. It’s good to have reserve funds, but we have too much. Why do we need to punish the residents by asking for more?” Both are concerned about the lack of parking on the waterfront and at Lighthouse Park. Khan said he wants to explore new ideas about how to create parking, and Rohrbough said she would like to improve access for people who live outside the city but within the school district’s boundaries. Khan said he is particularly concerned about public safety. He said the council’s concern over national immigration issues is unnecessary. “Right now, City Hall is like broken pieces,” he said regarding the council’s debate over whether to declare the city a sanctuary for undocumented immigrants or affirm its vision of inclusiveness and diversity. “I agree with what Trump said,” Khan said, adding that he is concerned about drugs and gangs in Mukilteo. “He said a nation without a fence is not a nation. People should come to America the legal way. It is not fair for the people sitting in line for 10 or 20 years. They should be allowed in first.” Rohrbough said the city should stay away from terms such as sanctuary and safety because they are vague and confusing, but she said affirming the city’s vision might be appropriate if it helps local police do their jobs. Khan said he disagrees with Police Chief Cheol Kang about the need to reassure illegal immigrants who otherwise might be afraid to talk to police. “This is a weak argument because the police already know who is legal and illegal,” he said. “Everyone should abide by the laws where they live and follow the law of the land.”   Lord’s seat So far, Russell is the lone candidate seeking to replace Lord. She’s lived in Mukilteo for 14 years, the last six of which working as events director at the Future of Flight Aviation Center. “I’m very passionate about Paine Field,” she said. “I’m very passionate about maintaining the integrity of the air field and protecting its history. We have 320,000 visitors a year to the Future of Flight. I’m interested in how the city can benefit more from that.” Russell has 25 years experience in corporate marketing. She serves on the Paine Field Attractions Marketing Roundtable, the Snohomish County Lodging Association (SCLA), and the Steering Committee for the Paine Field Wayfinding Project. She also hosts the Paine Field Community Council meetings. “I’ve always been a bridge builder,” she said, noting her connections to the Economic Alliance of Snohomish County, Leadership Snohomish County, the Port of Everett, and the Snohomish County Tourism Bureau. Russell said she has no background in politics, but was spurred to run after receiving encouragement from Councilmember Whelpley. “I hadn’t thought about running until it was brought up to me that I might make a great member of the council,” she said, adding that she has been working to get up to speed on the issues facing the city. “I’m nonpartisan,” she said. “I’m not going to take sides. I want to do my research and understand the full picture before making any decisions. That’s at the heart of who I am.” Russell said if elected she hopes to increase citizen involvement at City Council meetings. “People aren’t attending and that means people don’t have the information firsthand,” she said. “If more people come and learn, it may eliminate some of the negativity around certain issues.”   County to host candidate workshop The elections division of the Snohomish County Auditor’s Office will host a workshop from 7-8 p.m. Tuesday, April 18, at the Mukilteo Library, 4675 Harbour Pointe Blvd. Learn about 2017 offices up for election, getting your name on the ballot, the voters’ pamphlet, and important dates and deadlines. Find more workshop dates and information at www.snoco.org/elections or call 425-388-3444. Comments (0) If you wish to comment, please login. Username: Password: Join | Lost your password? Upcoming Events Today All Day Sno-Isle TECH Dental Clinic 11:30 AM - 1:00 PM Eat lunch, learn Photoshop 4:30 PM - 7:00 PM Kamiak Winter Percussion to host fundraiser 5:30 PM - 7:30 PM Women’s golf club to host meet ‘n greet 6:00 PM Friends guest speaker: Nancy Leson 6:00 PM Mukilteo Yacht Club hosts meeting 8:00 PM “Leaving Iowa” Mar 24, 2017 All Day Reading coaches needed All Day Edmonds Library ongoing book sale 5:30 PM - 8:30 PM Explorer Music Boosters Silent Auction 6:00 PM - 8:00 PM LuLaRoe fundraiser and supply drive 7:00 PM Holy Rosary School eighth-grade play 7:00 PM - 9:00 PM Hugs for Ghana to host Culture Night 7:30 PM Ludus presents ‘Into the Woods’ 8:00 PM “Leaving Iowa” Advertise | About Us | Contact Us | Submissions |Jobs & Internships | VillageSoup Site powered by VillageSoup®.
Visit: Edmonds Beacon | Mill Creek Beacon Home News Opinion Schools Sports Police & Fire Columns A & E Calendar Community Outreach Milestones Weather Classifieds Family Health Service Directory Join Login Search New Paine Field route part of Community Transit’s proposed service expansion By Nicholas Johnson | Mar 22, 2017 Community Transit is proposing a new route between Paine Field and the Lynnwood Transit Center as part of plans for increased bus service in the next year. A proposed new Route 107 would operate between Lynnwood Transit Center and Boeing/Paine Field via Mukilteo Speedway. It would operate on weekdays only, peak hour, peak direction. Three proposed morning northbound trips and three proposed evening southbound trips would meet the growing demand for service to Paine Field from the south. Transit has proposed to add some 21,000 service hours, or about six percent more bus service, including an extension of the existing Route 105 to mimic the Paine Field routing of the Swift Green Line, a second bus rapid transit line scheduled to begin operation in early 2019. Community Transit is taking public comment on the proposal through April 7. If approved by the Board of Directors in May, the new service will be implemented in September 2017 and March 2018. Details of the proposal are available at www.communitytransit.org/ProposedService. A public meeting is set for 3-6 p.m. Thursday, March 23, in the Weyerhauser Room at Everett Station, 3201 Smith Ave. in Everett. People may also offer their comments before the Board of Directors at a public hearing at 3 p.m. Thursday, April 6, in the Community Transit Board Room, 7100 Hardeson Road in Everett, accessible by Everett Transit Route 8. Comments (0) If you wish to comment, please login. Username: Password: Join | Lost your password? Upcoming Events Today All Day Sno-Isle TECH Dental Clinic 11:30 AM - 1:00 PM Eat lunch, learn Photoshop 4:30 PM - 7:00 PM Kamiak Winter Percussion to host fundraiser 5:30 PM - 7:30 PM Women’s golf club to host meet ‘n greet 6:00 PM Friends guest speaker: Nancy Leson 6:00 PM Mukilteo Yacht Club hosts meeting 8:00 PM “Leaving Iowa” Mar 24, 2017 All Day Reading coaches needed All Day Edmonds Library ongoing book sale 5:30 PM - 8:30 PM Explorer Music Boosters Silent Auction 6:00 PM - 8:00 PM LuLaRoe fundraiser and supply drive 7:00 PM Holy Rosary School eighth-grade play 7:00 PM - 9:00 PM Hugs for Ghana to host Culture Night 7:30 PM Ludus presents ‘Into the Woods’ 8:00 PM “Leaving Iowa” Advertise | About Us | Contact Us | Submissions |Jobs & Internships | VillageSoup Site powered by VillageSoup®.
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Podcasts Cape Up Ciquizza Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments7 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Wonkblog Analysis Analysis Interpretation of the news based on evidence, including data, as well as anticipating how events might unfold based on past events Trump says he told aide to threaten Keystone XL pipeline company over arbitration case The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Damian Paletta and Steven Mufson By Damian Paletta and Steven Mufson March 22 at 11:18 AM Follow @StevenMufson In a speech to the National Republican Congressional Committee's March fundraiser, March 21, President Trump pledged to cut taxes once the House GOP's health-care bill is adopted. (Bastien Inzaurralde/The Washington Post) President Trump ordered one of his top economic advisers to threaten a pipeline company that he would “terminate” a project if they didn’t drop what he described as a “$14 billion” lawsuit against the United States, the president told a crowd on Tuesday night. Trump, in a speech at a fundraiser in Washington, said the directive was given to National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn, a former president of Goldman Sachs, though he didn’t specify which company was being told to drop their lawsuit. Trump said the company did drop the lawsuit, adding “Isn’t that easier?” “Being president gives you great power,” Trump said. Cohn has emerged as one of Trump’s top advisers, with an expanding portfolio that includes virtually all economic and jobs-related issues. Trump has personally threatened several companies since winning the election, telling Boeing and Lockheed Martin for example that he might block some of their contracts, but this is the first time he’s revealed ordering a top adviser to deliver such a message. In June, TransCanada, the Canadian firm that has tried to develop the Keystone XL pipeline since 2008, filed a $15 billion claim against the United States, alleging the Obama administration’s refusal to allow the construction of the pipeline was “based on an arbitrary political calculation.” The claim alleged that blocking the pipeline deal was a violation of the North American Free Trade Agreement, and the case was filed in the International Center for the Settlement of Investment Disputes. On Jan. 24, in one of his first acts as president, Trump signed an executive order that “invites” TransCanada to resubmit its application for building the Keystone XL pipeline. This was seen as a way to clear the way for the project to proceed, though there were still some procedural hurdles for the company. Trump has said the pipeline would help create American jobs and improve the economy. But climate scientists and environmentalists had opposed the creation of the pipeline, saying the Trump administration was giving a gift to big oil companies at the expense of the environment. President Obama had blocked the development of Keystone XL, saying the project would contribute to climate change because it would carry tar sands oil, which is especially greenhouse-gas intensive because of the energy used to extract the thick bitumen from the ground. The company had filed its original permit to build the line seven years earlier. On Feb. 27, TransCanada’s lawsuit against the United States was suspended for one month, “pursuant to the parties' agreement.” Describing his exchange with Cohn, Trump on Tuesday night recalled saying, “Wait a minute. I’m approving the pipeline and they’re suing us for $14 billion and I’ve already approved it right?’ I said … ‘Go back to them and tell them, if they don’t drop the suit immediately, we are going to terminate the deal.’ ” In fact, Trump had not actually approved the pipeline deal when he signed the executive order, only cleared the way for the pipeline application to be resubmitted. Trump had also stated during his first week in office that the pipeline and all new pipelines would have to be built with American steel in American pipes. He reiterated that Tuesday night, saying “I paved the way for the Dakota Access and Keystone XL pipelines and made a requirement that American pipelines be constructed with American steel. … You want to put pipelines under our land? You’re going to make the pipe in this country.” But TransCanada had purchased the pipe it needed years earlier when it thought the project would be approved; only half came from U.S. pipeline makers and much of the raw steel for that came from abroad. Earlier this month the White House said that the Keystone XL project could move ahead without using U.S.-made steel. Terry Cunha, a spokesman for Calgary-based TransCanada, said in an email that “As of today, we are continuing to work with the administration on our presidential permit application.” The company's lawyers in the arbitration case did not comment. A White House spokeswoman declined to comment on Trump’s directive to Cohn or on whether Cohn ever delivered the message to the company. Still, ethics experts said Trump’s message to the company could be seen by other firms as a threat of future retaliation if they don’t do what he wants. “While demanding litigation be dropped can sometimes be part of a legitimate negotiation, Trump’s bullying, boastful manner here is odious,” said Norman Eisen, who was special counsel to the president for ethics and government reform in the Obama administration. “It also sends a dangerous message: He is prepared to retaliate against those who exercise their legal rights in court.” business wonkblog true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 7 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Steven Mufson covers energy and other financial matters. Since joining The Post, he has covered the White House, China, economic policy and diplomacy. Follow @StevenMufson. Follow @StevenMufson 7 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 Analysis As Ivanka Trump kept her White House plans quiet, a coveted West Wing office stayed open for her 2 Why Verizon and AT&T are suddenly pulling their ads from Google and YouTube 3 Senate votes to lift limits on hunting Alaska grizzlies and wolves on federal land 4 Starbucks’ Howard Schultz hands the keys to his successor in an emotional investor meeting 5 The days of owning a car could be fading away, thanks to these alternatives Market Watch DJIA -0.03% NASDAQ 0.48% Get quote Last Update: 03/23/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business wonkblog Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Department of Defense Search Home About Biographies Office of the Secretary of Defense Insignias Officers Enlisted DoD 101 Military Departments Joint Chiefs of Staff U.S. Army U.S. Marine Corps U.S. Navy U.S. Air Force National Guard U.S. Coast Guard Unified Combatant Commands Military Service Seals A-Z List Leaders Secretary of Defense Biography Portrait Speeches Transcripts Photos Videos Travels Deputy Secretary of Defense Biography Portrait Speeches Transcripts Photos Travels Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Biography Portrait Transcripts Photos Videos Travels Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Biography Portrait Transcripts Photos News News Archive Face of Defense Press Advisories News Releases Publications Transcripts Speeches Casualty Status (PDF) Contracts DoD Live Blog RSS Other News Sources Photos Photo Gallery Photo Essays Week in Photos DVIDS DoD Flickr Imagery Archive Videos Live Events Defense TV DVIDS Special Reports Quick Links Today in DoD Resources Contracts FAQs Contact DoD Legal & Administrative Privacy & Security Links Disclaimer Inspector General Section 508 Imagery Use FOIA No FEAR Act Web Policy Plain Writing Act Open GOV Strategic Plan Small Business Act Site Map Skip to main content (Press Enter). Today in DoD Resources Contracts FAQs Contact DoD Toggle navigation Department of Defense Department of Defense Home About Biographies Office of the Secretary of Defense Insignias Officers Enlisted DoD 101 Military Departments Joint Chiefs of Staff U.S. Army U.S. Marine Corps U.S. Navy U.S. Air Force National Guard U.S. Coast Guard Unified Combatant Commands Military Service Seals A-Z List Leaders Secretary of Defense Biography Portrait Speeches Transcripts Photos Videos Travels Deputy Secretary of Defense Biography Portrait Speeches Transcripts Photos Travels Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Biography Portrait Transcripts Photos Videos Travels Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Biography Portrait Transcripts Photos News News Archive Face of Defense Press Advisories News Releases Publications Transcripts Speeches Casualty Status (PDF) Contracts DoD Live Blog RSS Other News Sources Photos Photo Gallery Photo Essays Week in Photos DVIDS DoD Flickr Imagery Archive Videos Live Events Defense TV DVIDS Special Reports U.S. Department of Defense Search HomeNewsNews ReleasesNews Release View IMMEDIATE RELEASE New Members Appointed to the Defense Advisory Committee on Women in the Services Press Operations Release No: NR-100-17 March 22, 2017 Alpha PRINT | E-MAIL The Department of Defense (DoD) announced today the induction of six new members to the Defense Advisory Committee on Women in the Services (DACOWITS). DACOWITS provides the department with advice and recommendations on matters and policies relating to the recruitment and retention, treatment, employment, integration and well-being of highly-qualified professional women in the Armed Forces. The new additions include retired Lt. Gen. Judith A. Fedder, retired Sgt. Maj. Norma J. Helsham, Therese A. Hughes, Kyleanne M. Hunter, Pat W. Locke, and retired Rear Adm. Cari B. Thomas.   The committee is comprised of 20 members, who include prominent civilian women and men from academia, industry, public service and other professions, as well as military retirees and veterans. Members represent a distribution of demography, academia, industry, public service and other professions. They are selected based on military experience or woman-related workforce issues.   "I am honored to be part of DACOWITS and to help the committee advise the secretary of defense on important matters affecting the service of women in our armed forces," stated retired Lt. Gen.  Fedder.   Current and newly appointed committee members are: ·       Dr. Kristy E. Anderson ·       Retired Col. John Boggs, Marine Corps ·       Retired Maj. Gen.  Sharon K. G. Dunbar, Air Force ·       Retired Lt. Gen. Judith A. Fedder, Air Force ·       Sharlene W. Hawkes ·       Retired Sgt. Maj.  Norma J. Helsham, Army ·       Therese A. Hughes ·        Kyleanne M. Hunter, Marine Corps veteran ·       Retired Command Sgt. Maj.  Michele S. Jones, Army ·       Pat W. Locke, Army veteran ·       Retired Maj. Gen.  John Macdonald, Army ·       Monica Medina, Army veteran ·       Janie L. Mines, Navy veteran ·       Brian Morrison, Navy veteran ·       Retired Fleet Master Chief  JoAnn M. Ortloff, Navy ·       Vice Adm. (Ret.) Carol M. Pottenger, Navy ·       Sgt. Maj. of the Army (Ret.) Kenneth O. Preston, Army ·       Retired Rear Adm. Cari B. Thomas, Coast Guard ·       Retired Gen Janet C. Wolfenbarger, Air Force ·       Dr. Jackie Young The six new members were sworn-in at the start of the committee’s March quarterly business meeting earlier today. Anthony M. Kurta, performing the duties of the under secretary of defense for personnel and readiness, provided formal remarks. “I have followed the work of DACOWITS for years while on active duty,” said retired Rear Adm. Thomas, “I am humbled by those whose footsteps that I will now follow.”   About the New Committee Members: Judith Fedder.  A retired three star general officer, Fedder now serves as the director of Global Sales and Marketing for the Boeing Company. Fedder is responsible for new business growth within the company’s premier performance-based logistics unit, and establishes and leads strategic and tactical planning, market coordination, and overall proposal development and support. Norma Helsham.  A retired Army veteran with over thirty-two years of leadership experience, Helsham now works for United Airlines as a lead representative responsible for all manifest operations and handover of the aircraft to flight and ground control personnel at Dulles airport.   Therese Hughes.  Hughes has vast professional experience working at the local, county, state, and national level. She currently is finishing a photography project titled, “Military Women: WWII to Present,” honoring women veterans. In 2014, the project was featured at the Women in Military Service for America Memorial located at Arlington National Cemetery.   Kyleanne Hunter. A SuperCobra pilot with over 950 combat hours as an aircraft commander in support of Operations Iraqi and Enduring Freedom, Hunter received seven Air Strike/Flight Medals. She is currently a Ph.D. candidate of the Josef Korbel School of International Studies at the University of Denver, and works as a research associate for the Carnegie Corporation of New York.   Pat Locke. The founder and president of the Seeds of Humanity Foundation, Locke designed the program to promote the development and education of children. She was among the first class of women at the United States Military Academy and the first black woman to graduate from West Point. She is also the co-author of the book, “The Power of Civility.” Cari Thomas. With over 20 years of leadership, education and training, organizational change and public relations experience as a flag officer in the U.S. Coast Guard, Thomas now works as the executive director of the Navy League of the United States. She previously served as the chairperson of the Board for the Sea Service Leadership Association, which hosts the annual Joint Women’s Leadership Symposium.   About the Defense Advisory Committee on Women in the Services   After over 65 years in existence, DACOWITS is one of the oldest DoD federal advisory committees. The committee was established following the signing of the Women's Armed Services Integration Act in 1948, by then Secretary of Defense George C. Marshall. The new law enabled women to serve as permanent, regular members of the Armed Forces in the Army, Navy, Marine Corps, and the recently formed Air Force. The committee provides an invaluable service to the department as an independent body of "citizen" advisors. The committee's operations and output are focused and formalized. This requires a dedicated core of members who are available to receive specialized training on service issues and group facilitation techniques, and who can provide meaningful feedback and assessments. The committee provides an annual report to the secretary of defense with information gathered through installation visits, business meetings, relevant reports and survey data, and input from individual Service members. This combination of research and first-hand experiences provides a solid basis for each DACOWITS recommendation. More information about DACOWITS can be found at http://dacowits.defense.gov/ NEWS PRODUCTS News News Archive Press Advisories News Releases Publications Transcripts Speeches Face of Defense Subscribe MISSION The mission of the Department of Defense is to provide the military forces needed to deter war and to protect the security of our country. The department's headquarters is at the Pentagon. SUBSCRIBE NOW Get the latest DoD News products delivered to your inbox. Subscribe MILITARY DEPARTMENTS Joint Chiefs Army Marine Corps Navy Air Force Coast Guard UNIFIED COMBATANT COMMANDS Africa Command Central Command European Command Northern Command Pacific Command Southern Command Special Operations Command Strategic Command Transportation Command Connect Twitter Facebook Flickr LinkedIn Instagram YouTube DefenseTV DVIDS Blogs RSS Contact Subscribe Privacy & Security Links Disclaimer Inspector General Section 508 Imagery Use FOIA No FEAR Act Web Policy Plain Writing Act Open GOV Strategic Plan Small Business Act Site Map
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Thursday, March 23, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News The 45th President House G.O.P. Searches for Votes to Repeal Obamacare By THOMAS KAPLAN and ROBERT PEAR 7:15 AM ET Hardline conservatives will meet Thursday morning with President Trump to hammer out changes to the House bill to repeal the Affordable Care Act. They are pressing to eliminate federal requirements that health insurance plans provide basic benefits like maternity care, emergency services and wellness visits. Late G.O.P. Proposal Could Mean Covering Aromatherapy but Not Chemotherapy Health Bill Teeters as Fence-Sitters Face Pressure From Party How House Republicans Are Planning to Vote In Greeting to Iran, Trump Leaves Out Their Government By MARK LANDLER 5:00 AM ET The White House sent out a greeting to the Iranian people for Nowruz, the Persian New Year. Hard-liners stripped it of references to engaging with the country’s government.  Comments Gorsuch Completes a 20-Hour Test. So How Did He Do? By MATT FLEGENHEIMER, ADAM LIPTAK, CHARLIE SAVAGE and CARL HULSE 5:00 AM ET Judge Neil M. Gorsuch, the Supreme Court nominee, went through three days of hearings that left the Senate Judiciary Committee where it began. 1:43 Gorsuch Is an Originalist. What’s That? By NEETI UPADHYE and DAVE HORN Democrats Fail to Move Gorsuch Beyond Generalities Highlights From Day 3 Breaking News Suspect in Threats to U.S. Jewish Centers Is Arrested in Israel By ADAM GOLDMAN and ALAN BLINDER 9:29 AM ET The authorities said the suspect, a citizen of the U.S. and Israel, masked the origin of his communications to American synagogues. The Daily 360 2:15 What a Child Actually Sees On Vacation David Maurice Smith for The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. More News Death on a Prison Bus as Safety Improvements Lag In Liability Case for Police Shootings, Court Shows Divide U.S. Beats Puerto Rico for First World Baseball Title New Vaccine Could Slow Disease That Kills 600 Children a Day The driver crashed the vehicle and was later killed by police. BIG BEN Direction of vehicle The bridge leads to buildings where members of Parliament were gathered. Many were wounded, and at least two were killed. A driver mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge in London. Direction of vehicle Composite image by The New York Times based on aerial footage by CNN ‘We Are Not Afraid,’ British Leader Says By DAN BILEFSKY, STEPHEN CASTLE and PRASHANT S. RAO 7:23 AM ET Prime Minister Theresa May described the assailant in Wednesday’s attack in London as British-born. Eight people had been arrested and ISIS claimed responsibility for the attack. Terror Attack Strikes Heart of London By KATRIN BENNHOLD and STEPHEN CASTLE After ramming his vehicle into dozens of pedestrians, the suspect ran toward Parliament, where he fatally stabbed a police officer.  Comments What We Know and What We Don’t Know 4:43 AM ET Tributes Pour In for Constable Stabbed to Death 9:10 AM ET Donald Trump Jr. Criticizes London Mayor After Attack Your Thursday Briefing By CHRIS STANFORD 8:59 AM ET Here’s what you need to know to start your day. New York Today: Spring Cleaning 5:55 AM California Today: Measuring the Snowpack From the Sky By MIKE McPHATE 8:49 AM ET A new way to measure the Sierra snow, the governor’s impassioned speech on health care, and readers on a controversial I.C.E. practice. Audio Listen to ‘The Daily’ Republicans control the government. So why, as they head to a vote on the Republican health care plan, is the bill so disliked — and the party so divided? Audio Follow The Daily: Daily SMS iTunes Radio Public Stitcher Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Smarter Living The Fix When Decorating Styles Clash By MICHELLE HIGGINS For couples or roommates with different tastes, finding a happy compromise can be challenging. But it’s not impossible.  Comments Contributing Op-Ed Writer Depressed by Politics? Just Let Go By ARTHUR C. BROOKS Stop obsessively checking the latest news on Twitter, CNN and Facebook and you’ll be happier.  Comments Taliban Take a District That Many Marines Died to Keep By TAIMOOR SHAH and ROD NORDLAND 9:12 AM ET The yearslong offensive in Sangin, a district in southern Afghanistan, took the lives of more combatants than any other fight for territory in the country. From the California Sky, Measuring All That Snow By MIKE McPHATE, DEREK WATKINS and JIM WILSON Using NASA data, we compared this year's snowpack in the Sierra Nevada with that of 2015, when the state was in the grip of drought. AT&T and Johnson & Johnson Pull Ads From YouTube By SAPNA MAHESHWARI and DAISUKE WAKABAYASHI Several companies said they planned the decision after their ads appeared alongside videos that promoted hate speech. Chris Paul’s Fast Hands and Gruesome Fingers By SCOTT CACCIOLA The Clippers’ ball-hawking guard has paid a price — multiple injuries to his fingers — for collecting more steals than any other active N.B.A. player. A Journey Into the Merriam-Webster Word Factory By JENNIFER SCHUESSLER Kory Stamper reveals the secret life of dictionaries in her book “Word by Word,” and in a visit to headquarters (oddities in the basement included).  Comments John Mayer Knows He Messed Up. He Wants a Chance. By JOE COSCARELLI 5:00 AM ET After more than five years of self-imposed pop exile, this guitar virtuoso wants another blockbuster album. Then he hopes to settle down. State Senator Is Charged With Election Law Violation By JESSE McKINLEY 8:05 AM ET Though Robert G. Ortt, a Republican New York senator, denies wrongdoing, the indictment adds to a list of public officials who have faced charges of corruption. The Interpreter The Interpreter brings sharp insight and context to the major news stories of the week. Sign up to get it by email. Best of Late Night: Colbert on a Sex Scandal The “Late Show” host fretted that he was spending so much time on President Trump, he didn’t have time for the most obvious material. 36 Hours in San Antonio Known for its 15-mile riverside promenade, which opened in 1941, the city offers a version of Texas that mixes traditional with innovative. ‘Love Actually’ Children, Grown Up and Reunited Thomas Brodie-Sangster, now more familiar from “Game of Thrones,” and Olivia Olson are taking part in a short film based on the original romantic comedy. The Opinion Pages Editorial President Trump’s Reckless Shame Game Forcing local authorities to help round up unauthorized immigrants is wrong on both practical and constitutional grounds.  Comments Editorial: Predator Colleges May Thrive Again Blow: Birth of the Biggest Lie Kristof: ‘There’s a Smell of Treason in the Air’ A ‘Stand Your Ground’ Expansion That Expands Inequality How Martin Schulz Could Beat Angela Merkel 5:14 AM ET What a Le Pen Win Would Look Like By MATTHEW J. GOODWIN 4:10 AM ET The National Front leader is a serious contender for the French presidency. What Does It Take to Climb Up the Ladder? By THOMAS B. EDSALL Cognitive skills are important, but so are strengths that fall under the heading of what is sometimes called character.  Comments Why Medicaid Work Requirements Won’t Work How the Depressed Find Solace on Yik Yak Follow us on Twitter » User Subscriptions She Was Asked to Leave, but One More Knock Got Her the Front Page Story ‘Highly Unusual’: The New Business as Usual? Times Insider » She Was Asked to Leave, but One More Knock Got Her the Front Page Story The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Watching From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Baseball Japan’s Double Threat: A Tricky Path to the Majors Opinion Why Trump’s N.I.H. Cuts Should Worry Us Books Dissident Book Smuggled From North Korea Arts A Hong Kong Streetcar That Cuts Through Time Opinion Don’t Let the Anti-L.G.B.T. Bigots Win Travel Tulips, Windmills and Barnyard Animals Baseball Yankees’ 2nd Chance With Star Who Got Away Opinion ‘Cure’ Me? No, Thanks Art & Design Sculptor Robert Morris, at 86, Is Still Blazing Trails Opinion Op-Docs: How Does Life Live? Dance Ballerinas Step in New Dance Directions Hockey A Determined Champion for Women’s Hockey Sections World » ‘We Are Not Afraid,’ Theresa May Proclaims After U.K. Parliament Attack Among the Victims of the London Attack: Keith Palmer and Aysha Frade London Attack: What We Know and Don’t Know Business Day » AT&T and Johnson & Johnson Pull Ads From YouTube Where Halls of Ivy Meet Silicon Dreams, a New City Rises ‘Turkish Trump,’ a Hotel Plan and a Tangle of Foreign Ties Opinion » Op-Ed Contributors: Why Medicaid Work Requirements Won’t Work Editorial: President Trump’s Reckless Shame Game Frank Bruni: Tweeting Toward Oblivion U.S. » From the California Sky, Measuring All That Snow Death on a Prison Bus: Extradition Companies’ Safety Improvements Lag Eyeing Trump’s Budget Plan, Republican Governors Say ‘No, Thanks’ Technology » China Bets on Sensitive U.S. Start-Ups, Worrying the Pentagon State of the Art: Trump Says Regulations Impede. Perhaps Not in the Electric Car Business. Airbnb’s Rivals in China Hold Hands in a Nervous New Market Arts » John Mayer Knows He Messed Up. He Wants Another Chance. A Journey Into the Merriam-Webster Word Factory Art Review: Lygia Pape’s Brazil, From the Beach to the Barricades Politics » Nunes Puts Credibility of House Panel He Leads in Doubt House Republicans Search for Votes to Repeal Obamacare In Greeting to Iranian People, Trump Leaves Out Their Government Fashion & Style » This Artist Is Calvin Klein’s Latest Muse Now on Twitter: Chelsea Clinton, Unbound Critical Shopper: The Man Who Loathed Pajamas Movies » ‘Love Actually’ Youngsters, Grown Up and Reunited for a Short Sequel Review: ‘Wilson,’ With Woody Harrelson as a Misanthrope In a Surprise, the Overseas Movie Box Office Shows No Growth New York » New York Today: New York Today: Spring Cleaning Suspect in Manhattan Killing Hated Black Men, Police Say Records Leak in Eric Garner Case Renews Debate on Police Discipline Sports » United States 8, Puerto Rico 0: United States Beats Puerto Rico for First World Baseball Classic Title Chris Paul’s Fast Hands and Gruesome Fingers Sports of The Times: For Kansas Coach Bill Self, a Busy Year Keeping Players in Line Theater » Two Female Playwrights Arrive on Broadway. What Took So Long? Well, Hello, Dollys! His Idea for Fighting Terrorism? Funny Plays Science » Shaking Up the Dinosaur Family Tree A Scholarly Sting Operation Shines a Light on ‘Predatory’ Journals Matter: A New Form of Stem-Cell Engineering Raises Ethical Questions Obituaries » Dallas Green, Who Led the Phillies to Their First Title, Dies at 82 Skip Williamson, Underground Cartoonist, Dies at 72 George Weinberg Dies at 86; Coined ‘Homophobia’ After Seeing Fear of Gays Television » Review: From Ireland, a Rebounding Lawyer and a Crusading Journalist Selena Gomez (and Others) on Adapting ‘Thirteen Reasons Why’ for Netflix The Americans: ‘The Americans’ Season 5, Episode 3 Recap: More Than This Health » As Rivals Stand Silent, One Health Insurer Protests G.O.P. Plan New Vaccine Could Slow Disease That Kills 600 Children a Day Phys Ed: Should 15,000 Steps a Day Be Our New Exercise Target? Travel » What a Child Actually Sees On Vacation 36 Hours: 36 Hours in San Antonio Essay: Security Lines and Flight Delays? This Kid’s in Paradise Books » Books of The Times: ‘Cork Dork’ Sniffs, Swills and Spits Through the World of Wine Experts A Journey Into the Merriam-Webster Word Factory Books of The Times: ‘The Death of Expertise’ Explores How Ignorance Became a Virtue Education » Supreme Court Rejects Education Minimum Applied by Gorsuch Where Halls of Ivy Meet Silicon Dreams, a New City Rises Mary Maples Dunn, Advocate of Women’s Colleges, Dies at 85 Food » The Death and Rebirth of the Duncan Grapefruit Her Memory Fading, Paula Wolfert Fights Back With Food Restaurant Review: Testing the Limits of Trust, and Sushi, at Sugarfish Sunday Review » On Campus: How Liberal Colleges Breed Conservative Firebrands Editorial: President Trump’s Wheezing Jobs Effort Frank Bruni: The Horror of Smug Liberals Real Estate » What You Get: $1 Million Homes in Maryland, Florida and Illinois Exclusive: Greta Garbo’s East Side Co-op Goes on the Market Living In: Lenox Hill: A Neighborhood of Amenities The Upshot » Public Health: Late G.O.P. Proposal Could Mean Plans That Cover Aromatherapy but Not Chemotherapy Which Republicans Will Vote No? What 8 News Organizations Are Reporting Public Health: Is the G.O.P. Better Off Politically if the Health Bill Doesn’t Pass? Magazine » The Voyages Issue: In the Land of Giants The Voyages Issue: Why Does Mount Rushmore Exist? The Voyages Issue: An Improbable 6,000-Mile Boat Trip Around the East Coast Automobiles » China’s Taxes on Imported Cars Feed Trade Tensions With U.S. Driven: Video Review: Not-So-Standard Equipment on the Otherwise Standard Corolla State of the Art: Trump Says Regulations Impede. Perhaps Not in the Electric Car Business. T Magazine » An All-Gray Apartment That’s Not Blah — But Not Hygge Either Oversize Pearls — in Unusual Shapes and Sizes Cross-Fit Fashion Times Insider » She Was Asked to Leave, but One More Knock Got Her the Front Page Story The Swallowed Cigarette Butt and Other Legends of President Duterte What We’re Reading Real Estate » What You Get $1 Million Homes in Maryland, Florida and Illinois By VIVIAN MARINO An 1854 rowhouse in Baltimore; a Fort Lauderdale, Fla., home with a landscaped atrium; and a Victorian house in Chicago Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
VietNamNet New ABOUT US | VIETNAMESE | RSS | Update 23/03/2017 19:05:01 (GMT+7) VietNamNet | TuanVietNam | vef.vn | 2Sao | TintucOnline | Vland | Thể thao Home Special Reports Vietnam In Photos What’s On Vietnam Reference Search Government Business Society Art & Entertainment Travel Education Science & IT Environment Sports World News Your Vietnam Odd News Vietnam's marine sovereignty   science-it Last update 10:13 | 22/03/2017    FacebookTwitter addthis_button_compactSend EmailPrinter Vietnam attends international maritime, aerospace exhibition Vietnam has joined other 35 countries in the Langkawi International Maritime and Aerospace Exhibition 2017 (LIMA 217), which opened at Mahsuri International Exhibition Centre, Langkawi, Malaysia on March 21. Vietnam delegation at the exhibition The Vietnamese delegation is led by Lieutenant General Phan Van Giang, Chief of the General Staff of the Vietnam People’s Army. With the participation of 550 enterprises, including top arms-producing companies like Lockheed Martin, Boeing, Airbus and Thales, this year event is considered to be the biggest ever. Unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV) and autonomous underwater vehicles (AUV) will be displayed at the exhibition for the first time. According to the organising board, ASEAN Aviation Summit, Air Chiefs Conference and Chief of Navy Roundtable Talks will be included in the event. The frigate HQ-011 Dinh Tien Hoang left Vietnam on March 15 to attend the five-day event for the first time. The ship participates in LIMA 2017 with 140 officers and crew members on board, the Quan Doi Nhan Dan (People’s Army Newspaper) reported. The participation is to show the determination and consistent viewpoint of the Party, State, and army to international integration and cooperation. It also aims to enhance relations between the Vietnam People’s Navy with its counterparts from the host Malaysia and other Asian nations and help ensure regional maritime safety and security. HQ-011 Dinh Tien Hoang is scheduled to take part in the event’s ship review and maritime demonstration alongside several exercises, including a rescue operation. Held biennially since its debut in 1991, LIMA is an ideal platform where industry stakeholders could engage and expand their networks towards forging new partnerships and business agreements. Its insightful round tables and conferences as well as business forums offer access to invaluable information that enables businesses to stay ahead of the competition and seize new opportunities in the dynamic market of Asia Pacific. VNA Vietnam attends international maritime, aerospace exhibition, IT news, sci-tech news, vietnamnet bridge, english news, Vietnam news, news Vietnam, vietnamnet news, Vietnam net news, Vietnam latest news, Vietnam breaking news, vn news   Name: * Email from: * Email to: * Messages:     Send      Read on Female scientists contribute to developing nanotechnology in Vietnam Vietnam wins first prize at Shell Eco-Marathon for third time First stomach cancer surgery carried out with robot in Vietnam VN scientist manages to turn wastewater into drinkable Vietnam needs to promote ICT to grab opportunities for development: Minister The 8X generation of women in the technology world Strange optical phenomenon occurs in Gia Lai YouTube responds to accusations of toxic content Google’s Launchpad Accelerator program an invaluable experience Mobile World to open first store in Cambodia     Top Stories Vietnam imports tons of carbendazim, a carcinogen Vietnam sets new requirements for doctoral training programs Hoang Cau – A street for food in Hanoi Chinese investors flock to Vietnam’s wooden furniture industry Textile & garment manufacturers pessimistic about 2017 Vietnamese scientists perform well in 2016 Flappy Bird, Politaire show Vietnam doesn’t lack talent Mekong Delta 2016: historic drought, saline intrusion destroys crops What are the stock assets of the 10 richest Vietnamese women? 84 percent of VN students say they feel unsafe at school Latest News HCM City to eliminate unqualified investors of underground parking lots HCM City launches digital traffic app From far and wide Taste 1,000 dishes from around the world at Food Fest 2017 in Hanoi Japanese, Thai and Chinese investors dominating Vietnamese retail market Pavement clearing movement raises question about the role of state officials Vietnam's lung cancer patients to get free EGFR mutation testing Mekong Delta land subsidence causes explained Man wrongfully accused of rape, murder demands apology Trump and Zuckerberg invited to APEC 2017 in Vietnam     RssIN FOCUS Indonesia transport plane crash kills at least five The debate about Nem Thuong pig-chopping ritual Vietnam International Fashion Week 2014 review The China-Philippines dispute in the East Sea Overview of the East Sea Dispute The East Sea disputes Legendary General Vo Nguyen Giap The sadness of heritage Human resources training for healthcare in trouble Analyzing Vietnam-China trade relations PrevNext   Home | Advertising | Weblink | Contact Us VNN © Copyright of VIETNAMNET Bridge Tel: 04.37722792 Fax: 04.37722882, Email: evnn@vietnamnet.vn
Log In 1 of 3 Premium Clicks used this month Print + Online Subscriber Activation Register Subscribe News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries E-Edition Autos Jobs Real Estate Classifieds Member Rewards log in 911 briefs (March 22, 2017) Tuesday Mar 21, 2017 at 6:08 PM Mar 21, 2017 at 6:08 PM The Record Cyclist killed in hit-and-run identified STOCKTON — A bicyclist killed in a hit-and-run collision last week in southeast Stockton was identified as Afiba Sekou Woodard, 42, of Stockton, the San Joaquin County Coroner’s Office said. Woodard was riding a bicycle in the 3000 block of Boeing Way near the Highway 99 Frontage Road at 9:04 p.m. Friday when he was struck by a red big rig pulling a flatbed trailer, police said. The driver fled the scene. The truck driver was described as a Middle Eastern man between the ages of 25 and 32 years old, 5 feet 9 inches tall and 220 pounds with an unshaven beard, authorities said. He was last seen wearing a dark blue shirt, a reflective vest and denim shorts. The investigation into the collision is ongoing. Anyone with information about the case is asked to call the Stockton Police Department at (209) 937-8377, the Investigations Unit at (209) 937-8323 or Crime Stoppers at (209) 946-0600. Crime Stoppers pays cash rewards up to $10,000. Callers can remain anonymous. Cellphone users can text information to 274637 (CRIMES) by entering the keyword “TIPSPD” followed by their tip. Internet users can visit the Police Department’s Facebook page and click “Submit a Tip.” Girl shot in back in drive-by STOCKTON — A 13-year-old girl was shot in the back during a drive-by shooting Monday night on the porch of a home in central Stockton, authorities said. The shooting occurred about 10:40 p.m. in the 200 block of North Airport Way between Channel Street and East Miner Avenue. The girl was on the front porch with family members when an occupant of a vehicle fired a single round toward the home, striking the girl once in the upper back, police said. A relative drove the girl to an area hospital, where she was treated for a non-life-threatening injury, authorities said. Police provided no motive and no description of the shooter. Anyone with information about the case is asked to call the Stockton Police Department at (209) 937-8377, the Investigations Unit at (209) 937-8323 or Crime Stoppers at (209) 946-0600. Crime Stoppers pays cash rewards up to $10,000. Callers can remain anonymous. Cellphone users can text information to 274637 (CRIMES) by entering the keyword “TIPSPD” followed by their tip. Internet users can visit the Police Department’s Facebook page and click “Submit a Tip.” Man stabbed, does not cooperate STOCKTON — A man sustained serious injuries in a stabbing Monday night in south Stockton and then refused to cooperate with police. Officers responded to a report of a stabbing at 8:30 p.m. in the 600 block of South Eugenia Street, one block west of Stribley Park. They arrived to find the victim suffering from multiple stab wounds, authorities said. The victim was transported to a hospital, where he was listed in serious but stable condition, police reported. Officers said the victim refused to give them details about the stabbing. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Reader Services Subscriptions Subscriber controls Contact us Submissions Photos Events Letters to the editor Corrections Announcements & Obits Story ideas Alerts Email alerts RSS feeds Text Alerts Advertise Media Kit Home Products and services Ad rates Advertising contacts Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. recordnet.com ~ 530 East Market Street, Stockton, CA 95202 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Crime & Courts Government Education Environment Fitzgerald column Weather Shareable Databases Sports Prep Football High School Sports College Sports Motorsports Outdoors Pro Sports Auto Racing Entertainment Dining Music Travel Theater Things To Do Calendar Life Family Food & Wine Health & Fitness Home & Garden People Pets Business Agriculture Local Business Retail Opinion Columns Letters Editorials Obituaries Area Deaths More Photos Videos Calendar Blogs myRecord Record Press Club Specialty Publications Member Rewards Contests TV Guide Branded Content Subscriber E-Edition Subscriber services Subscribe Email alerts Text Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Limelight Deals Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications false
Skip to main content About Us Contact Submission Guidelines Permissions Advertising Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Foreign Policy Experts Roundtable Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Subscribe Sign In Register March-April 2017 Issue out now! Log In Subscribe TwitterFacebook Search The Buzz Why Landing on a U.S. Aircraft Carrier Is About to Get Much Easier Dave Majumdar March 21, 2017 TweetShareShare Naval aviators from Carrier Air Wing Eight (CVW-8) are preparing to deploy onboard USS George H.W. Bush (CVN-77) with a revolutionary new type of software that makes landing on a carrier much easier. Dubbed Magic Carpet—for Maritime Augmented Guidance with Integrated Controls for Carrier Approach and Recovery Precision Enabling Technologies—by the Naval Air Systems Command (NAVAIR), the new system, which aviators call Precision Landing Modes (PLM), drastically reduces workloads in the cockpit during carrier approaches. “PLM is probably the biggest advancement to carrier aviation since the IFLOLS (improved Fresnel lens optical landing system) was installed,” Lt. Jaime ‘Eeyore’ Moreno, a landing signals officer (LSO) onboard Bush told the Pentagon’s Naval Aviation News service. Naval aviators flying Boeing F/A-18E/F Super Hornets and EA-18G Growlers during Bush’s pre-deployment work-ups found that the PLM drastically improved landings onboard the giant carrier. Even night carrier traps—which are traditionally considered the single most demanding tasks faced by carrier aviators—are much easier with the PLM installed. “Flying at night on the first PLM would have been fine, although we started with day flights,” Lt. Zach Pleis, CVW-11 LSO, who had used the system onboard USS Nimitz (CVN-68) in November told Naval Aviation News. “I think it went better than our [Powered Approach Control Augmentation System] players because PLM pilots are developing habit patterns of flying a centered ball vice bumping it up.” Indeed, the Magic Carpet system has been so successful, that the Navy is deploying it before it has completed development. According to NAVAIR, Magic Carpet was first tested at Naval Air Station Patuxent River, Maryland, and onboard Bush in April 2015. After the demonstration greatly exceeded expectations, NAVAIR made the decision to accelerate the program so that it would become operational before the original 2019 due date. “All results showed benefits in touchdown dispersion reduction of more than 50 percent when compared to current landing control techniques,” James Denham, a NAVAIR senior aeromechanics engineer told Naval Aviation News. The current Magic Carpet build does not have all of the redundant features that are envisioned for the final version. However, NAVAIR will use the early feedback from the initial Magic Carpet capability deployments to refine the software for the 2019 version. “Now we have the opportunity to incorporate desired enhancements for the final software release scheduled in fiscal 2019,” Denham said. Eventually, Magic Carpet will become a standard part of the F/A-18E/F and EA-18G flight control software. For naval aviators, it will mean a safer and easier aircraft to fly. For naval aviation as an enterprise, Magic Carpet will improve its overall effectiveness with much higher boarding rates, reduces tanker requirements and more tactical training time for aviators. Dave Majumdar is the defense editor for the National Interest. You can follow him on Twitter: @davemajumdar. TweetShareShare View the discussion thread. Topics: TopicsSecurity Regions: More stories by: Dave Majumdar Why America Can't Win the War in Afghanistan America shouldn't send its troops overseas to participate in an unwinnable foreign war. Daniel L. Davis Trump's Statecraft To-Do List: Deter Duterte Can American statecraft sway Manila’s support for China? Richard Javad Heydarian The U.S. Army Can't Get Ambushed by the Future More money without new leadership won’t fix the Army. Douglas Macgregor Latest Issue March-April 2017 Prisoner of the Caucasus Table of Contents Subscribe Digital Edition Subscribe to our Newsletter Most Popular Why History Proves a War Between China and America Would Be a Total Disaster Is Russia Getting Ready to Build a Massive Nuclear-Powered Aircraft Carrier? Why No Nation Wants to Go to War Against America's Military in a Fair Fight How America Should Confront China's Unchecked Maritime Bullying The Shocking Way a War Between China and America Could Begin Why a War Between China and Japan Would Be Sheer Chaos How America's Military Would Kill Russia's Tanks in a War Subscribe Access all of our articles all of the time. Subscribe today: 6 issues for $29.95 Twitter Facebook Youtube RSS Feed Subscribe to our Newsletter Back to top About Us Press Room Subscriptions Contact Us Jobs and Internships Advertising Submission Guidelines Permissions Masthead Home Magazine Blogs Security Society Economics Politics Global Governance Africa Americas Asia Eurasia Europe Middle East Oceania ©2017 The National Interest. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News UK homes could see energy bills increase by up to £445 per year Several companies have recently hiked their standard variable tariff and customers on fixed-rate plans could face steep price increases if they automatically roll over Josie Cox Business Editor Thursday 23 March 2017 00:05 GMT Click to follow The Independent Online British Gas has so far bucked the trend by committing to keeping its gas and electricity prices on hold until August PA Homes across the UK could see their energy bills increase by up to £445 a year as a result of fixed-rate deals offered by 10 popular providers expiring. A study conducted by price comparison and switching service uSwitch shows that deals offered by some of the country's biggest providers, including EDF Energy, npower, First Utility and Co-operative Energy, end on 31 March. Several companies have recently hiked their standard variable tariffs and customers on the fixed-rate plans could face steep price increases if they automatically roll over. Read more Npower to increase energy prices by 9.8 per cent from mid-March Before recent price rises, moving on to standard variable tariffs would have increased bills by an average of £282 a year, according to uSwitch. Now it will add an average of £369, which the website calls “a double whammy for consumers’ wallets”. According to the survey, those customers rolling from npower's fixed-price deal onto a standard variable tariff at the end of March, would be charged £445 extra each year. uSwitch was unable to comment on how many customers would be affected by a price hike. Energy supplier SSE earlier this month became the latest major provider to confirm that is increasing standard domestic electricity prices from 28 April. Read more British Gas to freeze energy prices for 6 million customers Being able to switch energy providers means solution is in our hands Low-income households to get energy price cap Five Questions on falling energy prices The 6.9 per cent dual fuel increase will mean a typical domestic customer will pay on average £73 a year more, which equates to around £1.40 per week, as a result of an average 14.9 per cent increase in electricity prices. Earlier, E.On announced that customers will pay an extra £97 a year on energy bills, while npower announced a 9.8 per cent rise. Scottish Power is due to increase prices by 7.8 per cent and EDF by 1.2 per cent. British Gas has so far bucked the trend by committing to keeping its gas and electricity prices. “The most competitive deals in the market are usually short lived – around 12 months,” said Archna Luthra, head of energy at price comparison site MoneySavingexpert.com. “Once the deal ends you’re automatically rolled on to pricey standard deals – the same deals that are being hiked by suppliers right now,” she added. Hannah Maundrell, editor in chief of money.co.uk and personal finance expert, said that customers "should not be fooled by promises of rewards for loyal customers". "The only person you should be loyal to is yourself because you’re the one footing the bill.” uSwitch's latest warning comes a week after Theresa May vowed to crack down on spiralling energy prices saying that "the market is not working as it should". In a speech in Cardiff, the Prime Minister said that prices had soared by 158 per cent over the last 15 years, with the poorest hit by the highest tariffs. She did not spell out how she planned to keep prices capped but the pledge revived memories of Ed Miliband’s plans to intervene in the energy market – condemned by the Tories at the time. Business picture of the day 37 show all Business picture of the day 1/37 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 2/37 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 3/37 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 4/37 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 5/37 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 6/37 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 7/37 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 8/37 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 9/37 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 10/37 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 11/37 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 12/37 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 13/37 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 14/37 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 15/37 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 16/37 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 17/37 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 18/37 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 19/37 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 20/37 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 21/37 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 22/37 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 23/37 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 24/37 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 25/37 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 26/37 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 27/37 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 28/37 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 29/37 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 30/37 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 31/37 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 32/37 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 33/37 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 34/37 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 35/37 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 36/37 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 37/37 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters   Also in response to relentless rises in prices, Ofgem last month said that it had set a temporary price cap to protect over four million households who prepay for their energy. Responding to uSwitch's findings on Thursday, Ofgem said that it would "urge everyone to shop around for a better deal, especially if their supplier announces a price rise or if their fixed term deal is about to expire". “With switching at its highest rate for six years, suppliers who don’t bear down on costs effectively risk losing customers to cheaper rivals." More about: Energy Bills energy prices EDF Energy USwitch British gas SSE EDF E.ON Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Companies Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading American Airlines ‘may’ buy stake in China Southern Airlines  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating 100 Top Tables Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Hong Kong weather Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Business›Companies China Southern Airlines China Southern Airlines American Airlines ‘may’ buy stake in China Southern Airlines US airlines busy tying up with Chinese airlines as air travel booms in mainland PUBLISHED : Thursday, 23 March, 2017, 7:56am UPDATED : Thursday, 23 March, 2017, 7:56am Comments:   Bloomberg Share PrintEmail Related topics China Southern Airlines Related Articles Business Chinese carriers to hit headwinds in 2017 12 Dec 2016 China Business One of China’s largest airlines has its radar set on the US market 3 Oct 2016 China Business Aviation stocks fly despite emptier planes during Labour Day holidays 4 May 2016 China Southern Airlines Co. Asia’s biggest carrier by passengers, is in advanced talks to sell a stake to American Airlines, according to people familiar with the matter. The negotiations focus on an investment of about US$200 million by Fort Worth, Texas-based American in China Southern’s Hong Kong-listed shares, said the people, asking not to be identified as talks are confidential. The sale likely would take place through a private placement, one of the people said. China Southern has a market value of about US$10 billion. An investment in China Southern would allow American, already the world’s largest carrier, to strengthen its presence in a market that the International Air Transport Association predicts will surpass the US to become the world’s biggest in terms of passenger numbers by 2024. Delta Air Lines acquired a minority stake in China Eastern Airlines Corp. in 2015. Under the discussions, American would nominate an observer without voting rights to the Chinese company’s board, the people said. Details of a deal are subject to change and a transaction could still fall through. A spokesman for American Airlines declined to comment. China Southern representatives couldn’t immediately comment when reached after regular business hours. China Southern and its subsidiaries have ordered more than US$15 billion of new aircraft from Boeing and Airbus since 2015 as more people fly in the world’s most populous nation. China Southern and Delta are members of the SkyTeam global airline alliance. American is in the competing Oneworld group, which doesn’t have a China-based partner. Such alliances make it easier for passengers to fly around the world by combining schedules through one carrier and allowing travellers to accrue and use frequent-flier miles across airlines. China Eastern also is a SkyTeam member. A China Southern stake sale would represent the Chinese government’s efforts to diversify ownership of state-controlled enterprises. Authorities have urged firms in industries including power, energy, defence and aviation to take measures this year to broaden ownership. China Southern is the last of the nation’s top three airlines to bring in a non-mainland Chinese strategic investor. Cathay Pacific Airways Ltd., which is based in Hong Kong, owns about 18 per cent of flagship Air China Ltd. Besides Delta, Shanghai-based China Eastern also counts online travel-services provider Ctrip.com International Ltd. among its shareholders. American recently received a six-month extension, until September, to begin flights between Los Angeles and Beijing because it was unable to secure viable slots from the Chinese government. The airline connects 350 destinations in 50 countries, mostly in North America, the Caribbean, South America and Europe. It has flights from major US cities to Beijing and Shanghai. China Southern -- with a fleet of 684 aircraft as of June 2016, the largest in Asia -- flies to 208 destinations across 40 countries and has been expanding on routes to Australia, New Zealand and Southeast Asia.   Most Popular Viewed 1 Hong Kong home prices to remain buoyant, Li says 2 The reason China won’t exert economic pressure on North Korea 3 Geely withdraws Proton bid, but enjoys best results in 9 years 4 Chinese QR code scams shine spotlight on consumer security 5 How China’s overseas property dream turned into a nightmare Shared 1 How China’s overseas property dream turned into a nightmare 2 Chinese QR code scams shine spotlight on consumer security 3 Hong Kong home prices to remain buoyant, Li says 4 The reason China won’t exert economic pressure on North Korea 5 Geely withdraws Proton bid, but enjoys best results in 9 years Commented 1 Hong Kong property will trend higher...until it doesn’t 2 Hong Kong home prices to remain buoyant, Li says 3 Highlights of Li Ka-Shing’s results press conference in Hong Kong 4 Malaysian hub a ‘key milestone’ in Alibaba’s plans for eWTP 5 Tencent to focus on advertising, tech investments after record year       You may also like Asia Alibaba launches Malaysian hub for electronic world trade platform Mar 22nd 2017, 7:40pm Smart-home control is at your fingertips In partnership with: HKT PREMIER Hong Kong Virgin takes on Cathay Pacific, Qantas with HK-Australia flights 22 Mar 2017 - 1:06am 6 [SCMP Archive] Innovation in communication Sponsored by: Hong Kong International School China Why PR chiefs are running Communist Party branches at China tech firms 21 Mar 2017 - 9:36am 2 Insight & Opinion Why Hong Kong and Singapore must help their airlines soar 21 Mar 2017 - 8:46pm 19 Insight & Opinion China has taken on Silicon Valley, and guess who is winning 20 Mar 2017 - 8:49pm 13 Companies European Commission fines Cathay €57m for cargo surcharges 20 Mar 2017 - 11:00pm 9 Hong Kong Poll front runners dodge June 4 issue in bruising debate 20 Mar 2017 - 9:31am 38 Hong Kong Hong Kong in danger of losing status as aviation hub, Qantas chief warns 20 Mar 2017 - 2:57pm 23 Society Meet the 105-year-old Filipino who inspired a film 19 Mar 2017 - 7:03am Society The Chinese stars grabbing global attention 19 Mar 2017 - 11:03am 3 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Home Macau Our Team Editorial Statute Code of Ethics Archive Archive 2009-2014 Archive 2007-2009 Contacts Extra Times Drive In Book It tTunes Features World of Bacchus Taste of Edesia Search for: FOUNDER & PUBLISHER Kowie Geldenhuys EDITOR-IN-CHIEF Paulo Coutinho Macau, Macau Forum Business China Asia World Sports Interview Editorial Opinion Photo Shop DAILY EDITION 15 hours ago Thursday, March 23, 2017 – edition no. 2769 EXTRA TIMES 7 days ago Coral reefs | A matter of survival MDT LIVE TRACK FEED Live Traffic Stats OTHER ARTICLES Authorities questioned on the use of DNA tests to assess paternity Westminster attacks bring chaos to London  MGTO chief holds seminar on HKZMB Gaming operators highlight non-gaming offerings Lai Chi Vun | Advocacy group wants shipyards to be included on cultural heritage list LATEST COMMENTS Rick on Trump seen winning support to declare China as currency manipulator Rich Sar on Hong Kong | Disneyland posts 2016 loss on tourism softness Richard Whitfield on Macau Matters | A Robotic Macau Grand Prix Irene Janknegt on Animal rights | Gov’t support last hurdle in race to save greyhounds Irene Janknegt on Animal rights | Gov’t support last hurdle in race to save greyhounds MDT MACAU GRAND PRIX SPECIAL SUBSCRIBE TO MDT NEWSLETTER Email * Home | World | Airplane Security | New measure could cause travelers to reroute trips Airplane Security | New measure could cause travelers to reroute trips - Thursday, March 23, 2017 - 14 hours ago No Comments 333 Views An EgyptAir plane flies past minarets of a mosque as it approaches Cairo International Airport David Koenig, Dallas A new security measure banning many electronic devices on flights from 10 mostly Muslim countries is leading travelers to reconsider their plans to fly through some airports in the Middle East and Africa. Paula Berger, an energy-company manager, and a co-worker have tickets to fly from the U.S. through Dubai to Hyderabad, India, where her company has an office. The new rules would require Berger to surrender the laptop she carries and put it in checked baggage on the return trip next month. She is worried the device could be stolen. “I’ve been spending hours this morning trying to find a way to reroute us without it costing USD5,000, but I haven’t found anything,” Berger said. “We might have to suck it up and go through Dubai.” The U.S. and British governments, citing unspecified threats and attacks against airliners and airports over the past two years, announced yesterday they are barring passengers from airports in 10 countries from bringing laptops, tablets, cameras and other devices on board in carry-on bags. Only cellphones and medical devices will be allowed in the passenger cabins. The orders are a concern for business travelers, journalists and other professionals who work on the devices and use them to store sensitive information. Tourism officials worry that the orders could heighten people’s fears of an attack and discourage them from traveling. Jonathan Grella, an executive vice president for the U.S. Travel Association, said he hopes that the government is trying to make travel more secure, not to suppress it, and that the U.S. still welcomes business and leisure visitors. Analysts said some travelers who want to keep their devices with them will switch to flights that reach the U.S. from Europe or Asia, even if it means an extra connection. For business travelers, the ban on laptops in the cabin “is a potential productivity killer,” said Robert Mann, an aviation consultant in Port Washington, New York. “If you were planning to work on the flight, you’ve just burned 14 hours of your day.” Henry Harteveldt, a travel analyst in San Francisco, said some companies forbid employees from putting expensive company property such as laptops in checked bags, where theft is always a risk. Making matters worse for passengers, most airlines say in their policies that they don’t cover or they limit compensation for expensive items such as electronics that are placed in checked bags. Naureen Shah, Senior Director of Campaigns at Amnesty International USA, warned that the orders pose risks to journalists and human rights advocates, “who will be forced to hand over laptops and devices containing sensitive information, potentially compromising their sources.” A senior administration official said the U.S. would not go after data on passengers’ devices. If U.S. the security measure causes passengers to fly home through Europe, the beneficiaries are likely to be U.S. airlines or their European partners, who operate many flights to the U.S. from London, Paris, Frankfurt, Amsterdam and other transportation hubs. U.S. government officials say their order will affect about 50 flights a day — there are about 2,100 airline flights to the U.S. each day, according to the Department of Transportation. More than half of the affected flights are operated by three Middle Eastern carriers: Emirates, Qatar Airways and Etihad Airways. They are growing rapidly and adding new destinations in the U.S. from the United Arab Emirates and Qatar, two of the countries covered by the electronics measure. All three have built their business on routing long-haul international traffic through their desert hubs rather than relying on the smaller local markets. And they are big buyers of Boeing and Airbus planes. Etihad passengers at Abu Dhabi International Airport in the United Arab Emirates go through a passport-inspection facility staffed by U.S. Customs and Border Protection agents — the only one of its kind in the Middle East — allowing them to arrive in the U.S. as if they were on a domestic flight. That arrangement, however, was not enough to spare the airport from being covered by the new security measure. The security order comes as the biggest three U.S. airlines — American, Delta and United — lobby the Trump administration to crack down on those Middle Eastern rivals, whom the U.S. carriers accuse of getting unfair subsidies from their governments that let them undercut U.S. airlines on fares. A senior U.S. government official told reporters the security order was not related to the dispute. “It may not have been directed at the three Gulf airlines, but there will be collateral damage to those carriers,” Harteveldt said. “The question is how much.” For now, the Gulf airlines are not protesting publicly. But if the security measure drives customers away, Harteveldt said they could retaliate by canceling orders to buy U.S.-made planes from Boeing Co. AP Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Related Categories World Share This Post Related Posts Westminster attacks bring chaos to London  Middle East | Dozens dead or missing from airstrike in IS-held north Syria Naan starter | UK curry restaurants feel betrayed by Brexit This Day in History | 1983 – Reagan launches Cold War into space No Comments Cancel Reply Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Copyright © Macau Daily Times 2008-2017. All Rights Reserved Contact our Administrator Contact our Director Contacts Contact for Subscriptions and Issues Contact Our Advertising Department Contact Our Managing Editor Contact Our Newsroom Contact Our Newsroom Secretary Home Our Team Search results Editorial Statute Code of Ethics Subscribe to the MDT Newsletter Join our mailing list to receive the latest breaking news and updates from our team. SUBSCRIBE! You have Successfully Subscribed!
Check out the latest theme park experiences and attractions Business Technology ULA launch delayed, this time for hydraulic booster ula launch delay cygnus Bill Ingalls / AP In this photo released by NASA, Orbital ATK's Cygnus spacecraft gets raised into the vertical position on a Virginia launch pad. The latest cargo mission for one of the spacecraft will take off from Florida soon, following two delays. In this photo released by NASA, Orbital ATK's Cygnus spacecraft gets raised into the vertical position on a Virginia launch pad. The latest cargo mission for one of the spacecraft will take off from Florida soon, following two delays. (Bill Ingalls / AP) Marco SantanaContact Reporter Privacy Policy Problems with the hardware of a hydraulics booster on a United Launch Alliance rocket has caused another delay to an upcoming launch. In a statement sent Wednesday, company officials said the problem was discovered as technicians completed tests on a ground support hydraulic system. That ground support system was blamed for an initial delay of the rocket, which had been set to launch this weekend some time. No new time or date has been announced. “The team is developing a plan to resolve the issue and a new launch date will be determined,” the statement read. The Orbital ATK Cygnus spacecraft will travel aboard a United Launch Alliance Atlas V rocket carrying 7,626 pounds of cargo to the International Space Station. The spacecraft remained secure at Launch Complex 41. Caption 7 years of NASA's Solar Dynamics Observatory The Solar Dynamics Observatory (SDO) has now captured nearly seven years worth of ultra-high resolution solar footage. This time lapse shows that full run from two of SDO's instruments. The large orange sun is visible light captured by HMI. The smaller golden sun is extreme ultraviolet light from AIA and reveals some of the suns atmosphere, the corona. Both appear at one frame every 12 hours. SDO's nearly unbroken run is now long enough to watch the rise and fall of the current solar cycle. The graph of solar activity shows the sunspot number, a measurement based on the number of individual spots and the number of sunspot groups. In this case, the line represents a smoothed 26-day average to more clearly show the overall trend. The Solar Dynamics Observatory (SDO) has now captured nearly seven years worth of ultra-high resolution solar footage. This time lapse shows that full run from two of SDO's instruments. The large orange sun is visible light captured by HMI. The smaller golden sun is extreme ultraviolet light from AIA and reveals some of the suns atmosphere, the corona. Both appear at one frame every 12 hours. SDO's nearly unbroken run is now long enough to watch the rise and fall of the current solar cycle. The graph of solar activity shows the sunspot number, a measurement based on the number of individual spots and the number of sunspot groups. In this case, the line represents a smoothed 26-day average to more clearly show the overall trend. Caption 7 years of NASA's Solar Dynamics Observatory The Solar Dynamics Observatory (SDO) has now captured nearly seven years worth of ultra-high resolution solar footage. This time lapse shows that full run from two of SDO's instruments. The large orange sun is visible light captured by HMI. The smaller golden sun is extreme ultraviolet light from AIA and reveals some of the suns atmosphere, the corona. Both appear at one frame every 12 hours. SDO's nearly unbroken run is now long enough to watch the rise and fall of the current solar cycle. The graph of solar activity shows the sunspot number, a measurement based on the number of individual spots and the number of sunspot groups. In this case, the line represents a smoothed 26-day average to more clearly show the overall trend. The Solar Dynamics Observatory (SDO) has now captured nearly seven years worth of ultra-high resolution solar footage. This time lapse shows that full run from two of SDO's instruments. The large orange sun is visible light captured by HMI. The smaller golden sun is extreme ultraviolet light from AIA and reveals some of the suns atmosphere, the corona. Both appear at one frame every 12 hours. SDO's nearly unbroken run is now long enough to watch the rise and fall of the current solar cycle. The graph of solar activity shows the sunspot number, a measurement based on the number of individual spots and the number of sunspot groups. In this case, the line represents a smoothed 26-day average to more clearly show the overall trend. Caption What are fast radio bursts or FRBs? Fast radio bursts or FRBs are a mysterious phenomenon from deep space. They are very powerful and there are many hypotheses as to what the source of the bursts is. Fast radio bursts or FRBs are a mysterious phenomenon from deep space. They are very powerful and there are many hypotheses as to what the source of the bursts is. Caption A new panet on our solar system? NASA takes a look NASA’s Director of Planetary Science, Jim Green, discusses the Jan. 20, 2016 Astronomical Journal science paper that points to the possibility of a new “Planet 9” in our solar system beyond Pluto, examining the scientific process and inviting you to have a front row seat to our exploration of the solar system. NASA’s Director of Planetary Science, Jim Green, discusses the Jan. 20, 2016 Astronomical Journal science paper that points to the possibility of a new “Planet 9” in our solar system beyond Pluto, examining the scientific process and inviting you to have a front row seat to our exploration of the solar system. Caption The Seven Wonders of TRAPPIST-1 This video details a system of seven planets orbiting TRAPPIST-1, a discovery of the Spitzer Space Telescope, operated by NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, California. This video details a system of seven planets orbiting TRAPPIST-1, a discovery of the Spitzer Space Telescope, operated by NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, California. Caption SpaceX Falcon 9 launch SpaceX Falcon 9 lifted off from Kennedy Space Center's Launch Pad 39A on Sunday, Feb. 19, 2017. This launch is historic coming from the same launch pad as NASA's final shuttle mission nearly six years ago. The rocket is carrying loads of cargo to the International Space Station.  SpaceX Falcon 9 lifted off from Kennedy Space Center's Launch Pad 39A on Sunday, Feb. 19, 2017. This launch is historic coming from the same launch pad as NASA's final shuttle mission nearly six years ago. The rocket is carrying loads of cargo to the International Space Station.  ULA is a partnership between Lockheed Martin and Boeing. The cargo will head up on a United Launch Alliance Atlas V rocket, loaded with an Orbital ATK Cygnus spacecraft. This will be the seventh of 10 flights for Orbital under the Commercial Resupply Services contract with NASA. On March 9, Orbital announced that it had named the spacecraft after former astronaut and U.S. Sen. John Glenn, who died Dec. 8. Got a news tip? msantana@orlandosentinel.com or 407-420-5256; Twitter, @marcosantana Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Lockheed Martin Corp. All Sections News Sports Business Classified Entertainment Travel Obituaries 69°
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Balancing Priorities CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour CNBC Upstart 25 SXSW Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Technology Technology Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market This founder dreams of flying New York to London in 3 hours on a plane with huge windows Ari Levy | Jeniece Pettitt 17 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Boom Supersonic is creating a plane that will fly from New York to London in 3 hours    14 Hours Ago | 02:30 For his future travel, ﻿Blake Scholl envisions hailing a self-driving car to the Hyperloop, which will take him to the airport so he can board a supersonic airplane headed for the other side of the planet. Scholl is taking it upon himself to enable the last leg of that journey. An internet entrepreneur and pilot of 15 years, Scholl is the founder and CEO of Boom Supersonic, a Denver-based start-up that's planning to fly passengers over oceans at 1,451 miles per hour by the early 2020s. Boom on Wednesday announced a $33 million financing round that Scholl told CNBC would be enough money to build and fly his first aircraft. The single-aisle planes with personal overhead bins, according to Scholl, will seat up to 55 passengers, elevate to 60,000 feet and cost about the same price as a business class ticket. They'll also have giant windows. "At 60,000 feet you can actually see the curve of the Earth," Scholl said in an interview with CNBC last week at the South by Southwest conference in Austin, Texas. "The skies are a deeper blue. You wouldn't want to miss it." Source: Boom Supersonic Scholl, who previously sold a mobile payments start-up to Groupon, is among a new crop of highly ambitious tech entrepreneurs aiming to upend and upgrade global transportation. Elon Musk, with his electric cars at Tesla and SpaceX shuttles, has raced past older industrial businesses, while Amazon's Jeff Bezos and Virgin's Richard Branson are also building companies that are zooming towards space. Hyperloop, a high-speed transportation network that's aiming to revolutionize intercity travel, was conceived by Musk and multiple companies are trying to commercialize it. Musk's success to date has helped convince Scholl that his pre-product start-up is better positioned than Boeing or Airbus to create the next generation airplane. That's because legacy manufacturers are focused on winning share today in the market for single-aisle planes and long-haul jumbo jets. "Before Elon started SpaceX, probably everyone believed that was only something for governments and giant corporations," Scholl said. "He's shown that a small company on a relatively small amount of money can go and accomplish things that the big guys can't." Scholl is quick to admit that supersonic travel has been tried before, with limited success. The Concorde, a joint effort between England and France, flew at over twice the speed of sound from 1976 to 2003. Round-trip tickets from New York to London cost up to $20,000. Boom aims to sell tickets for one-fourth that price, a feat that Scholl says is achievable because of advancements in lightweight materials and engine technology as well as the massive improvements in software so that plane development can happen in simulations. "We really rushed into the supersonic age before we had the technology to do it efficiently," Scholl said. At $20,000, Scholl said a Concorde flight was a "bucket list" item. Source: Boom Supersonic Boom Supersonic employee welding test fixtures. While Boom plans to start with transoceanic routes like New York to London, San Francisco to Tokyo and Seattle to Shanghai, Scholl said he ultimately wants to fly any high-trafficked routes of about 1,000 miles or more. And he expects prices to steadily drop. Why not start with domestic routes like New York to Los Angeles or Chicago to Miami? Scholl cites a little-known speed limit that restricts how fast planes can fly over land in the U.S. He chalks it up to "Cold War politics" and says it marked a "low point in aviation policy history." Virgin's Branson is already on board. The billionaire has options on the first 10 aircraft at $200 million a pop, or $2 billion in total. Getting to 10 commercially viable planes will likely take a lot more money than the $41 million Boom has now raised. But there's no shaking his optimism for the future. Scholl says investors, suppliers and certainly customers would gladly welcome innovations in air travel. "Everybody wants this to exist," he said. "It's a matter of showing that after 50 years this is finally possible." Ari LevySenior Tech Reporter Jeniece PettittProducer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change GROUPON --- Binge 'Walking Dead' a megahit, thanks in part to white-knuckled binge-watchers By: Marc Gilbert, senior producer, CNBC Walking Dead producer: The phenomenon is no accident    Walking Dead producer: The show isn’t about zombies    Terminator writer sounds alarm on AI    Walking Dead producer: VR makes me nauseous    To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching entertainment video news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching entertainment video news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching entertainment video Space.com Spaceflight Space Station Astronauts Poised to Tackle Three-Spacewalk Streak By Sarah Lewin, Staff Writer | March 22, 2017 04:15pm ET MORE French astronaut Thomas Pesquet takes a moment to pose during a spacewalk outside the International Space Station in January 2017. Credit: NASA Johnson/Flickr Astronauts are gearing up for three spacewalks outside the International Space Station that will culminate in the station's 200th spacewalk. The first and second spacewalks are scheduled to occur over the next eight days and will help prepare the station for commercial spacecraft carrying crew to be able to dock. One of them is also aimed at upgrading the station's capability to host Earth-observing instruments. Each will take about 6.5 hours. "Here we come to the 200th spacewalk and we're still not just fixing things, but improving things and expanding capability and adding functionality … continuing to build the space station over time," NASA Flight Director Emily Nelson said during a news briefing today (March 22). "The first half of the [space station] program was about building this enormous facility that's now producing all this amazing scientific research, and we don't just go outside to fix things — most of [these three spacewalks] is about improving and expanding." [Astronaut's-Eye View: Stunning Spacewalk Video from Space] The first of the three spacewalks will see American astronaut Shane Kimbrough and French astronaut Thomas Pesquet setting out at 8 a.m. EDT (1300 GMT) Friday (March 24), and you will be able to watch it live on Space.com, courtesy of NASA TV. American astronaut Peggy Whitson will be inside, controlling the robotic arm help her crewmates. Next, Kimbrough and Whitson will venture out March 30 (nobody on the robotic arm). Those two spacewalks are largely devoted to opening up space for a second International Docking Adaptor, which will allow future commercial spacecraft to dock with the station. Right now, only Russia's Soyuz spacecraft can dock to bring people aboard — astronauts have to use the robotic arm to grab and berth commercial spacecraft, like SpaceX's Dragon and Orbital ATK's Cygnus, which bring cargo to the station. NASA has contracted with SpaceX and Boeing  to eventually send crew to the space station, and those arrivals in the coming years would use the new docking ports. Whitson and Pesquet will conduct the third spacewalk, currently scheduled for April 6 with robotic help from Kimbrough inside. They will install an avionics box, set to be launched on a Cygnus spacecraft soon, that will let scientists install more experiments outside the station to take measurements and monitor Earth. However, that Cygnus launch was further postponed today because of an issue with the Atlas V rocket's booster — the third spacewalk will have to be rescheduled if it's set to arrive too late, since the astronauts will have to wait for the box's delivery. Kimbrough, Whitson and Pesquet have been studying the procedures for the first spacewalk over the past week — interspersed with the usual research aboard the orbiting lab as well as chatting with NASA fans through Facebook Live and talking with France's president, respectively. After the three spacewalks wrap up, Kimbrough and Russian cosmonauts Andrey Borisenko and Sergey Ryzhikov will be heading back to Earth in a Soyuz spacecraft, and two more crewmembers — including first-time NASA flier Jack Fischer and Russian cosmonaut Fyodor Yurchikhin — will head up, bringing the crew count back to five. Email Sarah Lewin at slewin@space.com or follow her @SarahExplains. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook and Google+. Original article on Space.com. Editor's Recommendations Spacewalk Highlights - International Docking Adaptor Installed On ISS | Video How NASA Spacesuits Work: EMUs Explained (Infographic) Spacewalk Sights and Sounds Captured By GoPro | Video Author Bio Sarah Lewin, Staff Writer Sarah started writing for Space.com in June of 2015. Her work has been featured by Scientific American, IEEE Spectrum, Quanta Magazine, Wired, The Scientist, Science Friday and WGBH's Inside NOVA. Sarah has an MA from NYU's Science, Health and Environmental Reporting Program and an AB in mathematics from Brown University. When not writing, reading or thinking about space, Sarah enjoys musical theatre and mathematical papercraft. You can follow her on Twitter @SarahExplains. Sarah Lewin, Staff Writer on Subscribe To SPACE.com Submit Follow Us HomeAbout Us Company Company Info About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Using Our Content Licensing & Reprints Terms of Use Copyright Policy Privacy Policy Network Top Ten Reviews Tom's Guide Laptop Mag Tom's Hardware Business News Daily Tom's IT Pro Space.com Live Science Active Junky ShopSavvy AnandTech FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE TO SPACE SUBMIT Copyright © All Rights Reserved.
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 What you need to know on Wall Street right now Business Insider Mar. 22, 2017, 1:18 PM 1,021 facebook linkedin twitter email print A man pauses outside of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) on January 15, 2016 in New York City. Spencer Platt/Getty Images Welcome to Finance Insider, Business Insider's summary of the top stories of the past 24 hours. A fierce battle over healthcare reform within the Republican Party is causing Wall Street to sharply reassess its optimism about President Donald Trump's economic policy agenda, as evidenced by the sharpest sell-off in stocks this year. In related news, bank lobbyists who opened the Trump era with great expectations for sweeping regulatory reform are privately striking an increasingly dismal tone. In markets news, stocks could see a quick 10% drop, according to Credit Suisse. Money managers agree one trade is really crowded, but they're loading up on it anyway. And there's a problem in the auto loan market. In Wall Street news, here's the definitive ranking of investment banks in every business line. A top Barclays banker quit his job to fight for civil liberties. And here's a top Societe Generale banker on what New York's doormen reveal about doing business in America. Sears just made an ominous prediction about its future — and now the stock is tanking. In tech, GE Healthcare is planning to add 5,000 software engineers. Snapchat is proving its street cred with TV advertisers. Apple is abandoning its expensive image. Pinterest expects to make at least $500 million in revenue this year, but doesn’t have "current plans" for an IPO. And h ere's the real motivations behind the growing YouTube advertiser boycott . Here's what the CEO of Deloitte told her 15-year-old son when he asked if robots will take away his job someday. The US government's electronics ban blindsided the world's best airlines — and the worst could be yet to come. Lastly, here are stunning photos of the 10 happiest places on Earth.  Here are the top Wall Street headlines from the past 24 hours. CREDIT SUISSE: Here are the "danger signals" we're watching that'll tell us when stocks have put in a top - The global equity strategy team at Credit Suisse thinks the bull market in stocks is not yet over. But that's not stopping them from contemplating what the end would look like.  The US head at one of the top trading firms in the world explains what's going on in the stock market - The US stock market is barely moving.  American Airlines is reportedly investing $200 million in China's largest airline - American Airlines might be spending some serious cash in China. Nike sinks after missing estimates on an important gauge of future sales - Nike shares fell 6% early on Wednesday after the company reported quarterly profits that topped the most bullish forecast on Wall Street but sales that slightly missed expectations. Morgan Stanley's lead auto analyst thinks data will rule the auto industry's future - Morgan Stanley's lead auto analyst, Adam Jonas, is now also being described by the bank as a "shared mobility" researcher — a clear signal that among Wall Streeters, he's continuing his campaign to be the most out-there student of the disruption currently going on in the transportation business. A battleground stock for Wall Street's short sellers is getting hammered - Representative Ro Khanna (D-CA) wrote a letter to the inspector general of the Department of Defense, requesting that he look into TransDigm Group, a controversial airplane-part manufacturer and supplier of companies like Boeing. Google made an unusual move by investing millions in this Pittsburgh storage startup - Nine-year-old Pittsburgh-based data center storage company Avere Systems announces a new $14 million round of funding, with participation from its existing Silicon Valley venture investors and from Google. PIMCO: The odds of a "full-blown trade war" are lower than they were four months ago - Pimco, the investment-management firm, has released its latest cyclical outlook for the global economy during the next 12 months. 14 apps every modern gentleman should have on his phone - Your phone is your life — you use it for everything from your calendar to your Rolodex to your primary email outlet. SEE ALSO: The 27 most important finance books ever written Follow Finance Insider and never miss an update! Get updates in your Facebook news feed. Get updates in your inbox. Privacy Policy Get updates in your inbox Subscribe to Finance Insider and never miss an update! Privacy Policy More: Finance Insider facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru What you need to know on Wall Street right now What you need to know on Wall Street right now Welcome to Finance Insider, Business Insider's... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured This man dropped out of college twice and now directs MIT's Media Lab — here's how he did it More "Idea Factory" » Michael Lewis on how to deal with bosses and control your own career More "Idea Factory" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News Shoe retailer Brantano enters administration putting more than 1,000 jobs at risk Brantano currently operates 73 stores and 64 concessions across the UK and employs 1,086 staff Josie Cox Business Editor Wednesday 22 March 2017 16:15 GMT Click to follow The Independent Online ‘It is inevitable that there will be redundancies,’ said the lead administrator Shoe retailer Brantano has entered administration after a search for a buyer failed, putting more than a thousand jobs across the UK at risk. The group was acquired by a company controlled by private equity group Alteri Investors in February 2016. Since then, however, it has been forced to contest with difficult trading conditions, “despite sustained efforts and streamlining to make the business more commercially viable,” PwC, which has been appointed as administrator, said in a statement on Wednesday. “A sale of the company was explored and whilst it generated interest, unfortunately it has not been possible to achieve,” PwC added. Read more Hundreds of jobs at risk as Jones Bootmaker faces administration “This has resulted in the company being placed into administration.” Tony Barrell, lead administrator for Brantano at PwC, said that administrators were for now continuing to operate the business as normal while “assessing the trading strategy and any interest in parts of the business over the coming days and weeks”. He added, however, that “it is inevitable that there will be redundancies”. Read more HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 Marks and Spencer confirms hundreds of job cuts How Brexit could cost jobs, cut incomes and damage living standards Brantano currently operates 73 stores and 64 concessions across the UK and employs 1,086 staff. The developments spark fresh questions around the future of Jones Bootmaker, which is also owned by Alteri. Last month Jones was put up for sale, but the group experienced a series of “cash flow challenges” throughout the bidding process, scuppering a potential deal, according to industry publication Retail Week. Business picture of the day 37 show all Business picture of the day 1/37 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 2/37 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 3/37 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 4/37 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 5/37 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 6/37 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 7/37 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 8/37 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 9/37 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 10/37 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 11/37 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 12/37 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 13/37 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 14/37 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 15/37 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 16/37 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 17/37 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 18/37 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 19/37 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 20/37 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 21/37 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 22/37 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 23/37 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 24/37 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 25/37 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 26/37 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 27/37 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 28/37 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 29/37 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 30/37 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 31/37 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 32/37 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 33/37 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 34/37 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 35/37 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 36/37 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 37/37 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters Jones was established in 1857 and currently has over 90 stores and six concessions in the UK, employing over 1,100 people. A spokesperson for Alteri declined to provide further comment to The Independent on either Jones or Brantano. More about: Jones Bootmaker Brantano PwC Alteri Investors Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Air Zim fails to submit financials in 8 years – Nehanda Radio Home News Politics Business Opinion Bizarre Courts Local Diaspora World Showbiz Sports Search 24 C Harare Thursday, March 23, 2017 About Us Contact Us Advertising Listen to Radio Privacy Policy Who is Who News Alerts Nehanda Radio Home News Politics Business Opinion Bizarre Courts Local Diaspora World Showbiz Sports Home Business Air Zim fails to submit financials in 8 years Business News Popular Air Zim fails to submit financials in 8 years Mar 22, 2017 9 3581 State-owned Air Zimbabwe (Air Zim) has failed to fulfil the obligation to submit financial statements for audit for the past eight years. Air Zimbabwe The insolvent airline — grappling with $300 million in debt — is currently working on the 2010 financial statements, according to the office of the Auditor-General (AG). The primary objective of an audit is to express an opinion on the set of accounts audited. “Its accounts were not submitted for audit, again,” said a damning report by the Office of the AG on parastatals and State enterprises tabled in the National Assembly last week. “Air Zimbabwe and its subsidiaries’ audits in progress and being finalised are for the year 2010.” Chapter 22:19 of the Public Finance Management Act requires all accounts of parastatals to be made up yearly to the end of the financial year. These accounts are to be made up no later than 30 days post-yearend to which they are related, for auditing by the AG soon after. Despite this legal requirement, Air Zimbabwe is in violation for late lodgement of annual records during an eight-year period from 2009, it was disclosed in the AG report first handed to Finance minister Patrick Chinamasa by swashbuckling AG Mildred Chiri. The responsibility of submitting financial statements for the loss-making carrier lies solely with the chief executive Ripton Muzenda and the airline’s chief operations officer (COO) Simba Chikoore — who is also President Robert Mugabe’s son-in-law. Air Zim appointed Muzenda as its new CEO with effect from August 15 last year, taking over from Edmund Makona who has been acting CEO since 2013. Chikoore, who is said to be a qualified pilot and is married to Mugabe’s only daughter Bona — joined former Air Zim captain Muzenda, a relative of the late vice president Simon Muzenda, in October last year. The loss-making carrier, which claims it is in talks with two strategic partners to clear money owed to foreign creditors and raise capital to allow for the resumption of long haul flights, according to the new CEO, has been rapped by the AG for failing to subject its annual financial statements for audit. Yet information contained in the financial statements is required in commercial negotiations. Like most State-owned firms, Air Zim has been making losses for years due to mismanagement, high operating costs, old equipment and aircraft that are no longer profitable to fly. Air Zim’s under resourced and old fleet comprises two Boeing 767s, three 737s, three MA60s and two Airbus A320s. However, only four of those are flying — one airbus, one Boeing 767, one 737 and an MA60. International Air Transport Association (Iata) also suspended Air Zim from its account settlement system in 2012 due to non-payment of $4m in fees. The association’s system settles accounts between the world’s airlines, airline-associated companies and travel agencies. While no comment could be immediately obtained from the stuttering carrier, Muzenda told a parliamentary portfolio committee on Transport last month that the national flag carrier was working towards gaining Iata re-admission by May 31 this year. The airline’s debt comprises salary arrears, outstanding taxes, payments to the national pension fund and employee health insurance and foreign debts of $300m. Daily News TAGS Air Zimbabwe IATA Mildred Chiri Ripton Muzenda Simba Chikoore Simon Muzenda Previous articleMugabe’s office fails to account for $12k Next articleHarare spends $80k on Rufaro natural turf Esther Gomo RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Red flag over airport project cost Mugabe’s office fails to account for $12k Foreign airlines hit hard by currency crisis Allouis Mgwaza Let sleeping dogs lie…..lol Chikiti Nothing is transparent, it is believed they owe more than what they tell us Rasha Lovya Ngagare ayo hana basa cei mchida kutsvaga kuita BP Maseko. F. Madala This Instute is running on its on – Gymbunny So they cant pay 4million IATA fees whilst 6 million is travel allowance. How about cancel a few trips, momboendawo kwa Zvimba pa Easter ne pa Christmas and clear these debts. Ronald Madziro The Airline has been on life support since 2001. It needs the Miracle of Jonah.smh! Tank Zink The company u are referring as ” state company” has since been given to one of those who liberated us from colonial bondage as a token of appreciation just like all other “state owned companies” Afrika Pamberi nekuzvitonga!!! lol succuba They don’t even have enough bond notes to service Zim1. It’s been grounded for weeks. Most Read Today War vets meet amid tension 110 views | 1 comment Who was the London attacker? Terrorist was British-born and known to MI5 105 views | 0 comments Tsholotsho floods victims ‘drown’ in squalor 81 views | 0 comments Police chase kombi into ditch, pupils injured 70 views | 15 comments Two more Chiriseri corpse robbers die in freak accidents 68 views | 5 comments Follow us on Social Media 334,456FansLike 17,004FollowersFollow 659FollowersFollow 67,198FollowersFollow 5,674SubscribersSubscribe Receive News via Email Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner Poll Who will you vote for in 2018 Morgan Tsvangirai Joice Mujuru Robert Mugabe Tendai Biti Evan Mawarire Emmerson Mnangagwa Nkosana Moyo Jonathan Moyo Noah Manyika Welshman Ncube Simba Makoni ResultsVote Video of the Week ABOUT USWhatsapp +263-773-011-022 Contact us: [email protected] FOLLOW US About Us Contact Us Advertising Listen to Radio Privacy Policy Who is Who News Alerts © Nehanda Radio: All Rights Reserved
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Stifel Massively Raises Price Targets on Top Buy-Rated Airline Stocks By Lee Jackson March 22, 2017 10:00 am EDT Print Email Tweet If there is any sector that loves lower oil prices, it’s the airlines, and with good reason. Jet fuel is a huge cost for the major carriers. While prices have jumped dramatically from a year ago, they have leveled off and are falling as oil drops below the $50 level. Despite that drop, most fares have stayed the same, so the airlines are poised to post some outstanding earnings this year. With spring here, and the busy summer travel season right around the corner, the top stocks look very attractive now. A new Stifel research report makes the case that the airlines are what the analyst calls “intrinsically undervalued” and that a confluence of new metrics could drive the long-standing multiples for the industry higher. The report noted: The consensus, longer-term bullish view on airlines is that consolidation, better management teams, improved balance sheets, and capacity discipline will allow the industry to deliver more durable earnings and cash flow which will ultimately lead to airline stocks re-rating to industry multiples. Stifel raised its price targets on four top companies, and shares of all rated Buy at the firm. American Airlines This major carrier has been hit hard and is offering investors a very solid entry point. American Airlines Group Inc. (NASDAQ: AAL) is the holding company for American Airlines. Together with wholly owned and third-party regional carriers operating as American Eagle and US Airways Express, the airlines operate an average of nearly 6,700 flights per day to 350 destinations in over 50 countries from its hubs in Charlotte, Chicago, Dallas/Fort Worth, Los Angeles, Miami, New York, Philadelphia, Phoenix and Washington, D.C. The company posted solid but somewhat slower first-quarter revenue by available seat miles (RASM), which is a commonly used measure of unit revenue for airlines, expressed in cents received for each available seat mile and determined by dividing various measures of operating RASM. Shareholders receive a 0.99% dividend. Stifel raised the price target from $65 to $95. The Wall Street consensus target is $53.60. The shares closed Tuesday at $40.42. Delta Air Lines This company consistently has ranked high with Wall Street. Delta Air Lines Inc. (NYSE: DAL) and the regional Delta Connection carriers offer service to 334 destinations in 64 countries on six continents. Headquartered in Atlanta, Delta employs nearly 80,000 employees worldwide and operates a mainline fleet of more than 700 aircraft. Wall Street analysts have long lauded Delta for the most extensive hedging policy among the airlines and it owns and operates a refinery in addition to a sizable hedging book. The stock underperformed last year, and if bookings and the economy continue to spike up in 2017, many believe that the company’s multiple stands to benefit the most among the major carriers. Delta investors receive a 1.78% dividend. The Stifel price objective was raised from $65 to $75, and the consensus target is at $61.43. The stock closed most recently at $45.52. Southwest Airlines This company continues to expand routes and remains a low-cost leader. It is also one of the top picks across Wall Street. Southwest Airlines Inc. (NYSE: LUV) is the fourth-largest U.S. airline by revenues and operates a customer-friendly, low-cost, point-to-point model without fees and offers flights throughout the continental United States. Its six largest operations are in Dallas, Chicago, Las Vegas, Baltimore, Phoenix and Houston. Jet fuel prices, which remain much lower than in past years, are almost 30% of Southwest’s total costs. They have been a key for improving revenues and earnings. With almost no international business at this time, currency headwinds are not an issue for the airline. Based on the U.S. Department of Transportation’s most recent data, Southwest Airlines is the nation’s largest carrier in terms of originating domestic passengers boarded. The company operates the largest fleet of Boeing aircraft in the world, the majority of which are equipped with satellite-based Wi-Fi, providing gate-to-gate connectivity. Southwest shareholders receive a 0.77% dividend. The Stifel price target was raised to $80 from $65. The consensus target is $61.87, and shares closed Tuesday at $51.88. United Continental This company still feels lingering effects of its huge merger almost six years ago, but Wall Street likes the improving story and the shares look cheap. United Continental Holdings Inc. (NYSE: UAL) has been a show-me story for many investors as the merger with Continental has not been smooth, and customers have experienced numerous computer glitches that have snarled traffic over the past couple of years. United Airlines and United Express operate an average of 5,055 flights a day to 373 airports across six continents. United’s key U.S. hubs include Chicago, Denver, Houston, Los Angeles, New York/Newark, San Francisco and Washington, D.C. The airline is a founding member of Star Alliance, which provides service to 193 countries via 27 member airlines. The $95 Stifel price target was raised to $125, and the consensus target is $83.94. The stock closed on Tuesday at $65.28. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   The big key for the airlines is economic growth, which finally after eight years of stagnation appears to be coming around. All these stocks offer good entry points as they all trade below highs printed over the past few years. By Lee Jackson « Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: FedEx, Frontier, IBM, LendingClub, Micron, Nike, Sirius XM, Urban Outfitters and More How Analysts View FedEx After Earnings » Read more: Transportation, airlines, Analyst Upgrades, featured, AAL, Delta Air Lines, Inc. (NYSE:DAL), Southwest Airlines (NYSE:LUV), United Continental Holdings, I... (NYSE:UAL) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Best Counties to Live In The Most and Least Reliable Car in Each Class Retailers Closing the Most Stores America's Happiest (and Most Miserable) States The Worst Counties to Live In Recent Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: Dollar Tree, FireEye, Ferrari, Kroger, Proofpoint, Verifone and More Why Five Below Is Rallying Apple Acquires Workflow Automation Tool for iPad, iPhone Deutsche Bank Raises Price Targets on Top Steel Stocks to Buy Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search These 2 Stocks Are Up Over 500% Over the Last 5 Years 3 Dumb Mistakes to Avoid When Closing on a Mortgage Five Below Scores Big for the Holidays Nasdaq Composite down 0.2% Dow retreats 0.1% S&P 500 off 0.1% Stocks Calm Down Ahead of Vote Why Arbor Realty (ABR) Could Be Positioned for a Surge AptarGroup (ATR) Unit Unveils Ophthalmic Squeeze Dispenser Jobless claims unexpectedly rise; labor market still strong Fed's Yellen does not comment on monetary policy Global stocks, bonds cheer bumper ECB cash handout Spoiler Alert: You're Probably Going to Fall Into This Credit Card Trap, and Here's Why Here's How to Find Great Tax Breaks You Might Have Missed Trust and Payments Meet The Martin Shkreli Of Defense Contracting Climate Emails From Former Exxon CEO Rex Tillerson's Alias Account Have Disappeared Rural Americans’ Drinking Water At Stake With Trump Budget Cuts Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip National Security   An F-35A Lightning II Joint Strike Fighter takes off on a training sortie at Eglin Air Force Base, Florida in this March 6, 2012 file photo. REUTERS/U.S. Air Force photo/Randy Gon/Handout    Lockheed Martin CEO Confirms Trump Helped Secure F-35 Price Drop Russ Read Pentagon/Foreign Policy Reporter 10:11 AM 03/22/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 5546508 President Donald Trump caught some flak from his critics when he claimed he was responsible for a $600 million drop in the cost of the most recent lot of F-35 fighter aircraft, but the plane’s manufacturer acknowledged there may be some truth to the claim. Lockheed Martin CEO Marillyn Hewson credited Trump for the acceleration of negotiations on low-rate initial production (LRIP) lot 10, the most recent batch of 90 F-35s, according to a report by DoD Buzz. “If you think about his focus and his long-term trend of increasing more spending in national security and on defense spending, the F-35 is the largest program that the Department of Defense has in its budget,” Hewson told reporters Tuesday. “So for him to focus on the F-35 and to focus on how he can get the best price for the taxpayer going forward, I think, was perfectly appropriate.” According to Hewson, Trump’s involvement in negotiations between Lockheed and the Pentagon on lot 10 “absolutely” made a difference. “He helped accelerate that along, and I think he put a sharper focus on price and how we drive the price down,” she said. “He absolutely did contribute to us getting to closure on that.” Trump was criticized by some opponents for taking credit for the lower cost, pointing to the fact that the F-35 program’s officials had already predicted the drop a month earlier. Air Force Lt. Gen. Chris Bogdan, the Joint Strike Fighter program’s chief, expected the unit price of the aircraft to drop by 6 to 7 percent as more were produced, for a total of $600 million. Trump has been a known critic of the F-35 since winning the presidency, and even explored the idea of replacing the aircraft with modernized versions of Boeing’s F-18. The idea was quickly dismissed as unfeasible by Rep. Kay Granger, chair of the House Defense Appropriations Subcommittee. The F-35 and its variants are slated to replace a plethora of older, fourth generation aircraft in the Navy, Marine Corps and Air Force. The highly advanced fighter has proven to be remarkably capable during testing, however, its initially high price point drew criticism from budget-conscious analysts and lawmakers. That said, Hewson noted that the price per unit of the aircraft should continue to drop as the military continues to buy future lots of the fighter. Follow Russ Read on Twitter Send tips to [email protected] . Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact [email protected] . Tags: Donald Trump, F-35, Lockheed Martin Hide Comments   Show comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business Comment CEO pay: Latest report from Equality Trust shows how twisted society's values have become The average FTSE 100 boss now makes 165 times the average nurse. There is no justification for that James Moore Chief Business Commentator @JimMooreJourno Wednesday 22 March 2017 14:15 GMT Click to follow The Independent Online Nurses: On average they earn one 165th of what the average FTSE 100 CEO makes Getty If you want an example of how twisted the values of our society have got, take a look at the latest report from the Equality Trust.  The Trust compared the average FTSE 100 CEO's pay package to the average for several other important occupations, without which society would collapse (and the businesses run by FTSE 100 CEOs along with it).  What they show is that Joe Average CEO is paid the same as 165 nurses, who save lives, 140 teachers, who shape the futures of the next generation, 132 police offices, who are asked to put their lives on the line to protect the public, and some 312 times the average care worker, whose quiet contributions regularly go unrecognised.  Read more CEO Pay: City still all talk, no action and that has to change Morrisons and the problem with CEO pay Nobel prize in economics highlights debate over CEO pay Now I get that being the boss of a big company is a big job. But those numbers show the pay they are handed for doing it is a nonsense. The values of a society that is prepared to sit back and allow it that are not just out of whack. They’re bordering on sick.  The diminishing number of defenders of the status quo - usually those sitting on big company remuneration committees or working for the consultants that advise them - like to argue that such comparisons are unfair.  They’ll tell you that FTSE chief executives are uniquely talented individuals, that the people possessed of their skills are vanishingly rare, and that they have to be paid obscene sums to “motivate them” to do what most of us have to do to the best of our abilities without the prospect of a seven figure bonus.  They’ll also point you in the direction of entertainers or sports people, arguing that their earnings are a more appropriate yardstick.  For a start, I doubt anyone would disagree that professional footballers and entertainers are over paid and over valued by society. But it is at least fair to say that the skills of say, Lionel Messi, are very, very difficult to replace. And if you’ve got a dodgy script, getting an A list actor like Jennifer Laurence attached to your project is probably worth it to you because she will at least ensure that your film opens.  CEOs, by contrast, are eminently replaceable, just as everyone else in corporate life is eminently replaceable. The figures show that. They are, on average, changed after less than five years in the job. However, while bad footballers usually find themselves dropped after a few games, bad CEOs have a tendency to stick around  for long enough to cause real damage before they get clipped. All the while getting paid.  Look at the continuing impact of Fred Goodwin’s misrule at RBS if you don’t believe me.  Want a more recent example? James Henderson inherited Britain’s strongest bookie when he took over at William Hill. It was in such a state when he was finally shuffled out the door that the board couldn’t find an external candidate willing to take on the job of fixing the thing.  There many more who are merely average, but who get paid all the same.  Entrepreneurs take risks. They have to be quick witted, committed, and clever. Big company CEOs are professional managers, with an army of staff behind them, and a coterie of expensive advisors to call upon before taking any decision.  The larger the corporation is, the more it resembles not so much a business as a big bureaucracy. The CEO’s performance rests on the backs of thousands of employees. I’m not saying that they don’t work hard, and for long hours, but they’re hardly alone in that. I’m a school governor and I can tell you, teachers work insanely hard, including during much of those allegedly long holidays everyone likes to point to when discussions of their workloads find their way into the media.  As I said, something has gone seriously wrong when the average CEO earns 140 times what they earn, or 165 times what the average nurse earns. The average nurse has to be pretty good at their job. If they’re not, people die.  But what to do about this? It’s not as if this is the first time the problem has been raised. A report like this one seems to emerge every few weeks, and yet the problem has been getting progressively worse.  Well, one reason why the report’s publication at this time is important is because we are entering AGM season, the time of year when it’s possible to do something to address the problem. The fund managers who look after our pension money, and our savings, are about to get their chance to vote on whether the current situation is acceptable.  Business picture of the day 37 show all Business picture of the day 1/37 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 2/37 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 3/37 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 4/37 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 5/37 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 6/37 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 7/37 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 8/37 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 9/37 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 10/37 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 11/37 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 12/37 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 13/37 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 14/37 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 15/37 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 16/37 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 17/37 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 18/37 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 19/37 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 20/37 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 21/37 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 22/37 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 23/37 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 24/37 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 25/37 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 26/37 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 27/37 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 28/37 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 29/37 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 30/37 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 31/37 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 32/37 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 33/37 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 34/37 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 35/37 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 36/37 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 37/37 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters For years they have sat back and waved through ever more excessive packages. For too long they have been part of the disease.  However, earlier this year fund manager BlackRock, the world’s largest asset manager, weighed in on the debate, demanding an end to pay packets for top executives that drastically outpace those of ordinary employees. Other money managers have said similar things in recent months.  It’s time they backed their words with action. They are handsomely rewarded for looking after our savings. They need pay due regard to that and become part of the cure.  More about: Executive pay Equality Trust BlackRock fund manager Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Air Zim fails to submit financials in 8 years – Nehanda Radio Home News Politics Business Opinion Bizarre Courts Local Diaspora World Showbiz Sports Search 24 C Harare Thursday, March 23, 2017 About Us Contact Us Advertising Listen to Radio Privacy Policy Who is Who News Alerts Nehanda Radio Home News Politics Business Opinion Bizarre Courts Local Diaspora World Showbiz Sports Home Business Air Zim fails to submit financials in 8 years Business News Popular Air Zim fails to submit financials in 8 years Mar 22, 2017 9 3582 State-owned Air Zimbabwe (Air Zim) has failed to fulfil the obligation to submit financial statements for audit for the past eight years. Air Zimbabwe The insolvent airline — grappling with $300 million in debt — is currently working on the 2010 financial statements, according to the office of the Auditor-General (AG). The primary objective of an audit is to express an opinion on the set of accounts audited. “Its accounts were not submitted for audit, again,” said a damning report by the Office of the AG on parastatals and State enterprises tabled in the National Assembly last week. “Air Zimbabwe and its subsidiaries’ audits in progress and being finalised are for the year 2010.” Chapter 22:19 of the Public Finance Management Act requires all accounts of parastatals to be made up yearly to the end of the financial year. These accounts are to be made up no later than 30 days post-yearend to which they are related, for auditing by the AG soon after. Despite this legal requirement, Air Zimbabwe is in violation for late lodgement of annual records during an eight-year period from 2009, it was disclosed in the AG report first handed to Finance minister Patrick Chinamasa by swashbuckling AG Mildred Chiri. The responsibility of submitting financial statements for the loss-making carrier lies solely with the chief executive Ripton Muzenda and the airline’s chief operations officer (COO) Simba Chikoore — who is also President Robert Mugabe’s son-in-law. Air Zim appointed Muzenda as its new CEO with effect from August 15 last year, taking over from Edmund Makona who has been acting CEO since 2013. Chikoore, who is said to be a qualified pilot and is married to Mugabe’s only daughter Bona — joined former Air Zim captain Muzenda, a relative of the late vice president Simon Muzenda, in October last year. The loss-making carrier, which claims it is in talks with two strategic partners to clear money owed to foreign creditors and raise capital to allow for the resumption of long haul flights, according to the new CEO, has been rapped by the AG for failing to subject its annual financial statements for audit. Yet information contained in the financial statements is required in commercial negotiations. Like most State-owned firms, Air Zim has been making losses for years due to mismanagement, high operating costs, old equipment and aircraft that are no longer profitable to fly. Air Zim’s under resourced and old fleet comprises two Boeing 767s, three 737s, three MA60s and two Airbus A320s. However, only four of those are flying — one airbus, one Boeing 767, one 737 and an MA60. International Air Transport Association (Iata) also suspended Air Zim from its account settlement system in 2012 due to non-payment of $4m in fees. The association’s system settles accounts between the world’s airlines, airline-associated companies and travel agencies. While no comment could be immediately obtained from the stuttering carrier, Muzenda told a parliamentary portfolio committee on Transport last month that the national flag carrier was working towards gaining Iata re-admission by May 31 this year. The airline’s debt comprises salary arrears, outstanding taxes, payments to the national pension fund and employee health insurance and foreign debts of $300m. Daily News TAGS Air Zimbabwe IATA Mildred Chiri Ripton Muzenda Simba Chikoore Simon Muzenda Previous articleMugabe’s office fails to account for $12k Next articleHarare spends $80k on Rufaro natural turf Esther Gomo RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Red flag over airport project cost Mugabe’s office fails to account for $12k Foreign airlines hit hard by currency crisis Allouis Mgwaza Let sleeping dogs lie…..lol Chikiti Nothing is transparent, it is believed they owe more than what they tell us Rasha Lovya Ngagare ayo hana basa cei mchida kutsvaga kuita BP Maseko. F. Madala This Instute is running on its on – Gymbunny So they cant pay 4million IATA fees whilst 6 million is travel allowance. How about cancel a few trips, momboendawo kwa Zvimba pa Easter ne pa Christmas and clear these debts. Ronald Madziro The Airline has been on life support since 2001. It needs the Miracle of Jonah.smh! Tank Zink The company u are referring as ” state company” has since been given to one of those who liberated us from colonial bondage as a token of appreciation just like all other “state owned companies” Afrika Pamberi nekuzvitonga!!! lol succuba They don’t even have enough bond notes to service Zim1. It’s been grounded for weeks. Most Read Today War vets meet amid tension 110 views | 1 comment Who was the London attacker? Terrorist was British-born and known to MI5 105 views | 0 comments Tsholotsho floods victims ‘drown’ in squalor 81 views | 0 comments Police chase kombi into ditch, pupils injured 70 views | 15 comments Two more Chiriseri corpse robbers die in freak accidents 68 views | 5 comments Follow us on Social Media 334,456FansLike 17,004FollowersFollow 659FollowersFollow 67,198FollowersFollow 5,674SubscribersSubscribe Receive News via Email Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner Poll Who will you vote for in 2018 Morgan Tsvangirai Joice Mujuru Robert Mugabe Tendai Biti Evan Mawarire Emmerson Mnangagwa Nkosana Moyo Jonathan Moyo Noah Manyika Welshman Ncube Simba Makoni ResultsVote Video of the Week ABOUT USWhatsapp +263-773-011-022 Contact us: [email protected] FOLLOW US About Us Contact Us Advertising Listen to Radio Privacy Policy Who is Who News Alerts © Nehanda Radio: All Rights Reserved
POLITICO Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Trump Presidency Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure PRO Already a Pro? Why Go Pro? Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video POLITICO Podcasts Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 The First 100 Days: Trade Connect With Us Inside Trump’s last-ditch bid to avoid a health care disaster Trump's early policy moves benefit the industries he knows best — his own Obamacare repeal in jeopardy as Trump offers 11th-hour concessions Memo to Ivanka: Flex Your West Wing Mojo Is Trumpcare already here? Nunes claims some Trump transition messages were intercepted Politico Morning Defense A daily briefing from inside Washington’s national security apparatus Get the Morning Defense Newsletter Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print Mattis and Dunford head to the Hill for a budget hearing By Gregory Hellman 03/22/17 08:30 AM EDT With Zach Montellaro and Connor O’Brien MATTIS AND DUNFORD TO TALK BUDGET WITH SENATE APPROPS: Defense Secretary Jim Mattis and Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Joe Dunford testify today about the Defense Department’s budget and readiness before the Senate Defense Appropriations Subcommittee. Story Continued Below Some Republican lawmakers and defense hawks have criticized the president’s $639 billion budget blueprint as over-hyped, compared to his promises for a military buildup. Still, Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman Thad Cochran (R-Miss.) commended the proposal for its focus on national security. “President Trump’s budget request underscores his commitment to make the nation more secure through increased defense and homeland security funding,” the chairman said in a statement. COUNTER-ISIS ALLIES SEEK WHITE HOUSE MEETINGS, writes POLITICO’s Nahal Toosi: “It's what you might call an ‘audition moment.’ “As top representatives of more than 60 countries descend on Washington this week for a summit of the coalition fighting the Islamic State, the foreign delegations are trying to score meetings with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, as well as the close coterie of loyalists and relatives surrounding President Donald Trump at the White House.” NEW NORTH KOREAN MISSILE TEST FAILS, reports The New York Times: “North Korea fired a missile off its east coast on Wednesday, but the test apparently failed, South Korean and American military officials said. “North Korea launched the missile from near an air base in Wonsan, a port city, the South Korean Defense Ministry said in a brief statement. ‘We believe the test was a failure,’ the ministry added, providing no further details, such as the type of missile launched. “Commander Dave Benham, a spokesman for the United States Pacific Command, said in a statement that the missile ‘appears to have exploded within seconds of launch.’” — TRUMP WEIGHS SANCTIONS, Reuters writes: “The Trump administration is considering sweeping sanctions aimed at cutting North Korea off from the global financial system as part of a broad review of measures to counter Pyongyang's nuclear and missile threat, a senior U.S. official said on Monday. “The sanctions would be part of a multi-pronged approach of increased economic and diplomatic pressure – especially on Chinese banks and firms that do the most business with North Korea – plus beefed-up defenses by the United States and its South Korean and Japanese allies, according to the administration official familiar with the deliberations.” — BUT REGIME UNDETERRED, Reuters adds: “North Korea has nothing to fear from any U.S. move to broaden sanctions aimed at cutting it off from the global financial system and will pursue ‘acceleration’ of its nuclear and missile programs, a North Korean envoy told Reuters on Tuesday. “This includes developing a ‘pre-emptive first strike capability’ and an inter-continental ballistic missile (ICBM), said Choe Myong Nam, deputy ambassador at the North Korean mission to the United Nations in Geneva.” LOCKHEED: F-35 CONTRACT DISPUTE ‘BEHIND US,’ reports Connor O’Brien: “Lockheed Martin will not sue the government over the contract for the ninth lot of F-35 Joint Strike Fighters, the program's general manager indicated today. “The Pentagon in November unilaterally approved a $6.1 billion contract for the ninth lot of low-rate initial production aircraft after over a year of negotiations failed to result in an agreement with the company. Lockheed argued it had ‘negotiated in good faith’ and initially said it would assess its options. "’’We've been able to come to a mutual agreement with our [F-35 Joint Program Office] customer, and it's allowed us to accept their LRIP 9 offer,’ Jeff Babione, the general manager for the F-35 program at Lockheed, told reporters. ‘And so we will be taking no further action and, as far as we're concerned, that's behind us and we'll move on to LRIP 11.’ Defense News first reported Lockheed’s decision here. — AND CEO ‘OPTIMISTIC’ ABOUT DEFENSE BOOST, Connor writes: “Lockheed Martin CEO Marillyn Hewson said today she's optimistic about the prospect of a larger defense budget. “Speaking at the defense contractor's Media Day, Hewson added she sees opportunities for higher spending among U.S. allies as they are pressured to contribute more by the Trump administration.” "’President Trump's first budget proposes an important increase in defense spending above current levels,’ she said.” PENTAGON DENIES SHELVING WASTE STUDY, reports Stars and Stripes: “The Defense Department on Tuesday denied it tried to quash a 2015 study that found it could save $125 billion in noncombat administrative programs but admitted it has so far only found a small fraction of those savings. “The department hopes to save $7.9 billion during the next five years through recommendations in the study of back-office waste, which itself cost about $9 million to complete, the Defense Department’s acting deputy chief management officer told a House panel. HAPPY WEDNESDAY AND WELCOME TO MORNING DEFENSE, where we're always on the lookout for tips, pitches and feedback. Email us at ghellman@politico.com, and follow on Twitter @greg_hellman, @morningdefense and @politicopro. HAPPENING TODAY — MCALEESE DEFENSE CONFERENCE: Jim McAlesse & Associates host its “Defense Programs” Conference on Wednesday featuring Marine Corps Commandant Robert Neller and the service vice chiefs. More here. — MCCAIN AND THORNBERRY MEET THE PRESS: The chairmen of the Armed Services Committees, Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) and Rep. Mac Thornberry (R-Texas), meet with reporters over breakfast this morning. The duo's first joint appearance of the year comes nearly a week after the Trump administration unveiled a $603 billion defense budget blueprint that both leaders have criticized as insufficient. — AND THE AIRCRAFT CARRIER COALITION GATHERS ON THE HILL: The Aircraft Carrier Industrial Base Coalition hosts a congressional breakfast to urge support of a 12-aircraft carrier Navy. TRUMP TO ATTEND NATO MEETING IN MAY, reports POLITICO’s Cristiano Lima: President Donald Trump will travel to Brussels for the May 25 NATO heads of state meeting, the White House says. The White House stressed the president’s "strong commitment" to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization in a statement released late Tuesday, despite recent tension among the administration and NATO officials. — AND TILLERSON LOOKS FOR MAKEUP, writes The Washington Post: “The State Department and NATO said Tuesday that they were seeking an alternative date for Secretary of State Rex Tillerson’s first meeting with alliance foreign ministers, after he said he couldn’t make the scheduled April 5 gathering in Brussels.” ARMY MOVES TO BOOST END-STRENGTH, via your Morning D correspondent: “The Army is already recruiting to meet an end strength goal of 476,000 by the end of the year, Gen. Mark Milley, the Army's chief of staff, said [Tuesday].” DRONE AGREEMENT DRAGS, writes Defense News: “In the waning days of the Obama administration, the U.S. State Department teamed with over 40 nations to issue a joint declaration on the use and export of armed drones. But with the election of Donald Trump, movement on the agreement has slowed to a crawl, with signatories onto a joint declaration agreeing to postpone a key meeting until the summer in order to give the Americans time to sort out how – or if – the new administration wants to proceed.” FED WORKER RAISE COMING, via Stars and Stripes: “The Trump administration, after announcing plans to slash spending across much of the government, will recommend a 1.9 percent raise for federal workers to take effect in January, according to a budget document and a senior budget official.” WAR REPORT — REBELS LAUNCH SECOND DAMASCUS OFFENSIVE, reports Reuters: “Syrian rebels stormed a government-held area in northeastern Damascus on Tuesday for the second time in three days, sources on both sides said, the opposition's first such large scale foray in over four years inside the capital. “For rebels, the assault has shown they are still able to wage offensive action, though their situation remains very difficult near Damascus and across the country as a whole.” A separate Syrian rebel alliance also launches an offensive in Western Syria, Reuters adds. — U.S OPENS AIRSTRIKE PROBE, writes the NYT: “The United States military has begun formally investigating an American airstrike in Syria that officials said targeted dozens of Qaeda operatives at a meeting place that activists and local residents maintain was part of a religious complex where 49 civilians were killed. “United States Central Command has begun two investigations: one to determine whether there is credible evidence that civilians were killed in the strike, and another, broader inquiry into the overall operation and whether the building hit was indeed part of a complex belonging to the Omar ibn al-Khatab mosque.” INDUSTRY INTEL —THE ‘$5 BILLION STARTUP,’ via your Morning D correspondent: “Larry Prior describes CSRA, the government IT provider, as a ‘$5 billion startup.’" “Prior recently sat down with POLITICO following a Capitol Hill briefing on Army modernization where he touted the advantages of mergers in the defense services sector, CRSA's expanding work with Army Cyber Command and the Communications and Electronics Command and other new opportunities he sees in a flusher budget environment.” TRUMP CAN’T SHAKE RUSSIA WOES, writes our colleague Louis Nelson: “President Donald Trump's Russia headaches are far from behind him. “One day after the top law enforcement official in the United States confirmed an active FBI investigation into ties between Trump's campaign and Russian officials, lawmakers are already laying out plans to haul Michael Flynn, Carter Page, Paul Manafort and possibly other Trump associates before committees also probing any ties.” — UKRAINIAN LAWMAKER: TRUMP AIDE LAUNDERED MOSCOW MONEY, via The Washington Post: “A Ukrainian lawmaker released new financial documents Tuesday allegedly showing that a former campaign chairman for President Trump laundered payments from the party of a disgraced ex-leader of Ukraine using offshore accounts in Belize and Kyrgyzstan. “The new documents, if legitimate, stem from business ties between the Trump aide, Paul Manafort, and the party of former Ukrainian president Viktor Yanukovych, who enjoyed Moscow’s backing while he was in power.” — AUTHORITIES EYE MANAFORT, report POLITICO’s Kenneth Vogel, Josh Meyer, and David Stern: “American and Ukrainian officials are pushing to question President Donald Trump’s former campaign chairman Paul Manafort in separate investigations related to his work for a pro-Russian political party in Ukraine once headed by that country’s disgraced former president Viktor Yanukovych. “Rep. Jim Himes (D-Conn.) told POLITICO that Manafort ‘would certainly be at the top of my list to testify’ before the House Intelligence Committee’s ongoing investigation of Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election.” — AND MANAFORT HAD A PLAN TO BENEFIT PUTIN GOVERNMENT, reports The Associated Press: “President Donald Trump's former campaign chairman, Paul Manafort, secretly worked for a Russian billionaire to advance the interests of Russian President Vladimir Putin a decade ago and proposed an ambitious political strategy to undermine anti-Russian opposition across former Soviet republics, The Associated Press has learned. The work appears to contradict assertions by the Trump administration and Manafort himself that he never worked for Russian interests.” MAKING MOVES — TRUMP TAPS BOEING EXEC FOR DHS POST, writes POLITICO’s Ted Hesson: “The White House will appoint Benjamin Cassidy to become assistant secretary for legislative affairs at the Department of Homeland Security, the president announced today. "Cassidy has been special counsel to the secretary in the DHS legislative affairs office. Prior to that position, he was a senior executive with the Boeing Company, according to the White House.” — AND RYAN NEWMAN IS TAPPED AS ARMY GENERAL COUNSEL — A former Army captain, Newman served in Iraq, where he was awarded a Bronze Star, the White House said. He's now the acting assistant attorney general for the Office of Legal Policy at the Justice Department. SPEED READ — Military leaders condemn online harassment but offer different remedies: POLITICO Pro — The U.S. and Britain ban large electronic devices from flights from 10 Muslim-majority countries over terrorism fears: NYT — Greek counterterrorism officers uncover eight parcel bombs similar to the ones sent the IMF and a German finance minister last week: NYT — Warnings of a “powder keg” in Libya as ISIS regroups: NYT — Trump “absolutely did make a difference” in F-35 talks, Lockheed CEO says: POLITICO Pro — Companies are increasing work on counter-drone systems as drones become more mainstream: Reuters — The Israeli air force will host airmen from seven nations in its largest and most complex air exercise in Israel’s history: Defense News — Taiwan says it will build its own submarines: Defense News — Former NATO commander: Lethal aid to Ukraine could check Russia elsewhere: POLITICO Pro — Pentagon conducts a global defense review for Trump: POLITICO Pro — The makers of the Army’s gas masks are looking into “beard-friendly” options: Army Times — Becoming Duerte: The making of a Phillipine strongman: NYT — Remains of an American soldier reported MIA during the Korean War in 1950 are returning home: AP « View Archives Authors: Gregory Hellman ghellman@politico.com About The Author Gregory Hellman is a Defense Reporter Most Read Nunes claims some Trump transition messages were intercepted Schiff: There is now 'more than circumstantial evidence' of Trump-Russia collusion Conservatives claim votes to stop GOP Obamacare repeal Federal staffers panicked by conservative media attacks Democrats weigh deal to let Gorsuch through David Brock suffers heart attack White House attacks Clintons in pushback against Manafort allegations Inside Trump’s last-ditch bid to avoid a health care disaster Koch network pledges to defend Republicans who vote against GOP health bill Poll: Trump's approval rating dips to new low of 37 percent Morning Defense - POLITICO Archive Thursday, 3/23/17 Wednesday, 3/22/17 Tuesday, 3/21/17 Monday, 3/20/17 Friday, 3/17/17 View the Full Morning Defense Archives » Politico Magazine What’s Really Behind Trump’s Laptop Ban By Thomas Joscelyn The Health Care Albatross By Rich Lowry Will Preet Run? By David Freedlander Trump Is Defining the Presidency Down By Mark A. Patterson More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video Podcasts POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York POLITICO Live Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Air Zim fails to submit financials in 8 years – Nehanda Radio Home News Politics Business Opinion Bizarre Courts Local Diaspora World Showbiz Sports Search 24 C Harare Thursday, March 23, 2017 About Us Contact Us Advertising Listen to Radio Privacy Policy Who is Who News Alerts Nehanda Radio Home News Politics Business Opinion Bizarre Courts Local Diaspora World Showbiz Sports Home Business Air Zim fails to submit financials in 8 years Business News Popular Air Zim fails to submit financials in 8 years Mar 22, 2017 9 3583 State-owned Air Zimbabwe (Air Zim) has failed to fulfil the obligation to submit financial statements for audit for the past eight years. Air Zimbabwe The insolvent airline — grappling with $300 million in debt — is currently working on the 2010 financial statements, according to the office of the Auditor-General (AG). The primary objective of an audit is to express an opinion on the set of accounts audited. “Its accounts were not submitted for audit, again,” said a damning report by the Office of the AG on parastatals and State enterprises tabled in the National Assembly last week. “Air Zimbabwe and its subsidiaries’ audits in progress and being finalised are for the year 2010.” Chapter 22:19 of the Public Finance Management Act requires all accounts of parastatals to be made up yearly to the end of the financial year. These accounts are to be made up no later than 30 days post-yearend to which they are related, for auditing by the AG soon after. Despite this legal requirement, Air Zimbabwe is in violation for late lodgement of annual records during an eight-year period from 2009, it was disclosed in the AG report first handed to Finance minister Patrick Chinamasa by swashbuckling AG Mildred Chiri. The responsibility of submitting financial statements for the loss-making carrier lies solely with the chief executive Ripton Muzenda and the airline’s chief operations officer (COO) Simba Chikoore — who is also President Robert Mugabe’s son-in-law. Air Zim appointed Muzenda as its new CEO with effect from August 15 last year, taking over from Edmund Makona who has been acting CEO since 2013. Chikoore, who is said to be a qualified pilot and is married to Mugabe’s only daughter Bona — joined former Air Zim captain Muzenda, a relative of the late vice president Simon Muzenda, in October last year. The loss-making carrier, which claims it is in talks with two strategic partners to clear money owed to foreign creditors and raise capital to allow for the resumption of long haul flights, according to the new CEO, has been rapped by the AG for failing to subject its annual financial statements for audit. Yet information contained in the financial statements is required in commercial negotiations. Like most State-owned firms, Air Zim has been making losses for years due to mismanagement, high operating costs, old equipment and aircraft that are no longer profitable to fly. Air Zim’s under resourced and old fleet comprises two Boeing 767s, three 737s, three MA60s and two Airbus A320s. However, only four of those are flying — one airbus, one Boeing 767, one 737 and an MA60. International Air Transport Association (Iata) also suspended Air Zim from its account settlement system in 2012 due to non-payment of $4m in fees. The association’s system settles accounts between the world’s airlines, airline-associated companies and travel agencies. While no comment could be immediately obtained from the stuttering carrier, Muzenda told a parliamentary portfolio committee on Transport last month that the national flag carrier was working towards gaining Iata re-admission by May 31 this year. The airline’s debt comprises salary arrears, outstanding taxes, payments to the national pension fund and employee health insurance and foreign debts of $300m. Daily News TAGS Air Zimbabwe IATA Mildred Chiri Ripton Muzenda Simba Chikoore Simon Muzenda Previous articleMugabe’s office fails to account for $12k Next articleHarare spends $80k on Rufaro natural turf Esther Gomo RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Red flag over airport project cost Mugabe’s office fails to account for $12k Foreign airlines hit hard by currency crisis Allouis Mgwaza Let sleeping dogs lie…..lol Chikiti Nothing is transparent, it is believed they owe more than what they tell us Rasha Lovya Ngagare ayo hana basa cei mchida kutsvaga kuita BP Maseko. F. Madala This Instute is running on its on – Gymbunny So they cant pay 4million IATA fees whilst 6 million is travel allowance. How about cancel a few trips, momboendawo kwa Zvimba pa Easter ne pa Christmas and clear these debts. Ronald Madziro The Airline has been on life support since 2001. It needs the Miracle of Jonah.smh! Tank Zink The company u are referring as ” state company” has since been given to one of those who liberated us from colonial bondage as a token of appreciation just like all other “state owned companies” Afrika Pamberi nekuzvitonga!!! lol succuba They don’t even have enough bond notes to service Zim1. It’s been grounded for weeks. Most Read Today War vets meet amid tension 110 views | 1 comment Who was the London attacker? Terrorist was British-born and known to MI5 105 views | 0 comments Tsholotsho floods victims ‘drown’ in squalor 81 views | 0 comments Police chase kombi into ditch, pupils injured 70 views | 15 comments Two more Chiriseri corpse robbers die in freak accidents 68 views | 5 comments Follow us on Social Media 334,456FansLike 17,004FollowersFollow 659FollowersFollow 67,198FollowersFollow 5,674SubscribersSubscribe Receive News via Email Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner Poll Who will you vote for in 2018 Morgan Tsvangirai Joice Mujuru Robert Mugabe Tendai Biti Evan Mawarire Emmerson Mnangagwa Nkosana Moyo Jonathan Moyo Noah Manyika Welshman Ncube Simba Makoni ResultsVote Video of the Week ABOUT USWhatsapp +263-773-011-022 Contact us: [email protected] FOLLOW US About Us Contact Us Advertising Listen to Radio Privacy Policy Who is Who News Alerts © Nehanda Radio: All Rights Reserved
Subscribe Manage Account LOG IN Don't Miss Amber Salcedo promoted at CTA Architects Engineers Christine Salmi selected as appellate lawyer representative for the US Court of Appeals The taxman goes abroad  Bruce Harral joins T-O Engineers as transportation project manager Companies expand screenings to temp employees, too  Construction jobs put Idaho at No. 2 in nation Coffee shop will join the Chevron station in Harris Ranch  Woodhouse Group Real Estate adds three realtors Boise State runs data collection project on Treefort Music Fest Greg Taddicken to manage Terracon Consultant Boise office Idaho Business Review IBR Home News Business News Construction News Real Estate News Roundup Commentary Idaho Outlook Indicator Newsroom Events & Pubs IBR Breakfast Series Square Feet Workforce It’s Your Business Drive Time Digital Edition  Awards Events & Pubs Women of the Year CEO of Influence Excellence in Finance Accomplished Under 40 Top Projects Leaders in Law Nomination Forms Women of the Year CEO of Influence Accomplished Under 40 Excellence in Finance Top Projects Leaders in Law Reader Rankings (2017) Awards applications Event Photos Other Publications Book of Lists The Complete Planners’ Guide for All Corporate Events Welcome to Boise Dining Decisions Downtown Boise Renewal State of Downtown Boise CCIM Directory Travelog Idaho Heartland Living McCall Map TopLists Advertising Advertising Rates Editorial & Event Calendars Readership Information Public Notice & Leads Public Notices Leads (pdf) Leads (excel) Subscribe Manage Account Home News Business News Construction News Real Estate News Roundup Commentary Idaho Outlook Indicator Newsroom Events & Pubs IBR Breakfast Series Square Feet Workforce It’s Your Business Drive Time Digital Edition  Awards Events & Pubs Women of the Year CEO of Influence Excellence in Finance Accomplished Under 40 Top Projects Leaders in Law Nomination Forms Women of the Year CEO of Influence Accomplished Under 40 Excellence in Finance Top Projects Leaders in Law Reader Rankings (2017) Awards applications Event Photos Other Publications Book of Lists The Complete Planners’ Guide for All Corporate Events Welcome to Boise Dining Decisions Downtown Boise Renewal State of Downtown Boise CCIM Directory Travelog Idaho Heartland Living McCall Map TopLists Advertising Advertising Rates Editorial & Event Calendars Readership Information Public Notice & Leads Public Notices Leads (pdf) Leads (excel) Home / People / Abbey Louie opens Élan Consulting Group Abbey Louie opens Élan Consulting Group By: IBR Staff March 22, 2017 0 Abbey Louie recently launched Élan Consulting Group, a Boise consulting practice focused on organizational health, employee engagement, leadership development and talent management. Louie spent the last decade in employee development at The Boeing Company. She has extensive experience managing leadership programs, developing and executing enterprise-wide talent management strategies, designing training curriculum and providing one-on-one coaching. To submit business announcements like People, Out of the Office, Good Works and events, click here.  Share this: Email Print Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google 5:00 am Wed, March 22, 2017 Idaho Business Review IBR Staff Previous: Tru by Hilton breaks ground on Eagle Road in Meridian Next: Solo practitioners: handling the fear of delegating  About IBR Staff Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website   Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Sign up for the Idaho Business Review email alerts FREE! Email Address * People Amber Salcedo promoted at CTA Architects Engineers March 23, 2017 Christine Salmi selected as appellate lawyer representative for the US Court of Appeals March 23, 2017 Bruce Harral joins T-O Engineers as transportation project manager March 23, 2017 Woodhouse Group Real Estate adds three realtors March 23, 2017 Greg Taddicken to manage Terracon Consultant Boise office March 22, 2017 Top Stories The taxman goes abroad  March 23, 2017 Companies expand screenings to temp employees, too  March 23, 2017 Construction jobs put Idaho at No. 2 in nation March 23, 2017 Coffee shop will join the Chevron station in Harris Ranch  March 23, 2017 Boise State runs data collection project on Treefort Music Fest March 22, 2017 Our best, right now. Tastemakers: Restaurants & breweries by Dani Grigg | Mar. 1 Forum on the Future: IBR Breakfast Series report by Dani Grigg | Dec. 30 Low key & high tech: IBR Breakfast Series report by Dani Grigg | Nov. 4 Largest Valley Country Store is under construction in Jerome by Teya Vitu | Oct. 11 Osteopathic college is on track for February groundbreaking by Sharon Fisher | Oct. 6 Follow IBR Digital Edition The Digital Edition of Idaho Business News is available to both print and online subscribers. Current edition Find us on Facebook My Account LOG IN SUBSCRIBE MANAGE ACCOUNT PRIVACY POLICY SUBSCRIBER AGREEMENT Recent Posts Amber Salcedo promoted at CTA Architects Engineers Christine Salmi selected as appellate lawyer representative for the US Court of Appeals The taxman goes abroad  Bruce Harral joins T-O Engineers as transportation project manager Companies expand screenings to temp employees, too  Idaho Business Review ABOUT US ADVERTISING CONTACT US FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS OUR PUBLICATIONS SUBMIT BUSINESS ANNOUNCEMENTS Copyright © 2017 Idaho Business Review | 855 W. Broad Street, Suite 103, Boise, ID 83702 | Phone: (208) 336-3768 Fax: (208) 336-5534 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Ad Policy Skip to content Facebook Twitter Donate Log In Supreme Court Donald Trump Health care Activism Podcasts Politics World Economy Culture Take Action Economics This 50 Year-Old Economics Book Helps Explain the Corporate Republic We Live In Current Issue Subscribe Search Facebook Twitter Email Toggle Menu Log In Politics World Economy Culture Take Action Subscribe Current Issue Donate Log In Facebook Twitter If you are a current Subscriber and are unable to log in, you may have to create a NEW username and password. To do so, click here and use the “NEW USER” sign-up option. Log In Email * Password * Remember Me Forgot Your Password? Log In If you are not a Subscriber, Subscribe Now! Back to site Economics Corporations History This 50 Year-Old Economics Book Helps Explain the Corporate Republic We Live In This 50 Year-Old Economics Book Helps Explain the Corporate Republic We Live In Revisiting my father’s great work of theory can help us figure out what will take the place of faith in the free market. By James K. Galbraith Yesterday 7:00 am Facebook Twitter Email Print John Kenneth Galbraith at a forum in Amsterdam in 1982. Dutch National Archives EDITOR’S NOTE:&nbspThis essay was prepared for the Free Economic Society of Russia's 50th anniversary commemoration of the publication of The New Industrial State . The New Industrial State was my father’s great work of theory. First published in 1967, nearly a decade after the triumph of The Affluent Society, The New Industrial State went beyond criticism of orthodox economics, beyond Marx and beyond Keynes—toward a full alternative, a complete substitute for neoclassical thought. In this book, John Kenneth Galbraith forged a vision of the business firm as an organization, and of an economics of organizations that together form the “planning system.”1 Ad Policy The economics of organizations stands in opposition to the economics of markets. In what Galbraith called “the accepted sequence,” consumer preferences come first. Firms place their products before a discerning public, sell what they can, discount the rest, and then repair to study how it might be done better next time. In his own “revised sequence,” large firms start with the design and technology of new production. They see what is possible, they conduct “market research,” they decide what they like. They then engage their advertising and consumer-finance staffs to ensure that the result can be sold.2 For Galbraith, this was reality; he did not oppose it. Complex technology dictates that markets must be controlled. The products that define modern life—automobiles, jet aircraft, electric power, microchips, and cable television—cannot be produced except over long lead times and by the integration of vast networks of engineering talent. This requires planning. Sometimes the planning goes wrong, and sometimes a company must strike out into the unknown. But not often. Had Boeing doubted that the 787 Dreamliner could be sold, that airplane would not have been built.3 Large business firms often replace the market altogether. They do this by integration: replacing activity previously mediated by open purchase and sale with activity either internal to the corporation, or between a large, stable enterprise and its small, specialized suppliers, to whom risk is transferred. People reduce uncertainty neither through clairvoyance (“perfect foresight”), nor by confident exploitation of probability (“portfolio diversification”). They do it by forming up into structured groups large enough to forge the future for themselves. In politics these are countries and parties; in economics, corporations.4 Organizations do not have destinations. They have members, participants, and stakeholders. Once control passes to the organization, Galbraith wrote, it passes completely; the economics developed to describe the small firm and its owner-entrepreneur becomes obsolete. That form of economics celebrates the rational act of maximization, which consists of finding the shortest path to a given destination. But organizations do not have destinations. They have members, participants, stakeholders, all with a diversity of talents, interests, and purposes. Decisions are made by committees; the leadership of those on top is circumscribed by the need to get the underlings to go along. Individuals, the very focal point of traditional economics, no longer matter very much. Power in the firm belongs to what Galbraith called the “technostructure.”5 Most Popular 1 Yes, Dems Should Block Gorsuch While the FBI’s Trump Probe Goes on 2 Neil Gorsuch Is Not Another Scalia. He’s the Next John Roberts. 3 These Cities Are Pulling Billions From the Banks That Support the Dakota Access Pipeline 4 Why Those Spring Breakers Chanted ‘Build That Wall’ 5 Can Republicans Be Trusted to Oversee the FBI Investigation of Trump’s Russia Ties? Like all human entities, the technostructure works mainly for itself. All members of a committee can (usually) agree on the primacy of organizational survival, the need to keep the enterprise operating as a going concern. Beyond that, many things are possible; in general, the minimal conditions of every critical interest must be satisfied, which means that the maximal interests of none will be achieved. Organization is a matter of compromise; who is served depends on who is at the table.6 The technostructure does not maximize profits merely to pass them along to the corporation’s legal owners, those who hold its shares. They are not at the table; their claims are therefore not likely to be heard. To think otherwise, Galbraith wrote, “one must imagine that a man of vigorous, lusty and reassuringly heterosexual inclination eschews the lovely and available women by whom he is intimately surrounded in order to maximize the opportunities of other men whose existence he knows of only by hearsay.” Years later, when mainstream economists began to pay attention to this issue, they called it the “principal-agent problem.”7 Organizations are dynamic, both internally and externally. Much of The New Industrial State is taken up with descriptions of how corporations form, how they develop and hold the loyalty of their staffs, how they plan, and how they coordinate and compete with their rivals. They do this in the first instance by coordinating prices. My father first rose to fame as a price-fixer for the American government during World War II, and he understood a great truth regarding prices: it is easy to fix them when they are already fixed.8 Where products are standard and pricing open, oligopoly fixes them with ease; sometimes price wars break out, but they can be ruinous and so they are rare. Occasionally, the technical diversity and complexity of products makes fixing prices harder, and it is only here that we observe violations of law. He described this process in The New Industrial State:9 Thus in the early nineteen-sixties, General Electric, Westinghouse, Allis-Chalmers, Ingersoll-Rand and other manufacturers of electrical equipment were prosecuted for conspiring to fix the prices of heavy electrical apparatus. A number of senior executives in several of these companies were lodged very briefly in the common jail, a fate from which, quite correctly in light of all experience, such executives, whatever their breach of law, are believed to be immune…. The error of the executives was not in fixing prices but in being engaged in a branch of the business where price-fixing involved such exceptional difficulty. Prices were equally regulated for electric motor or household appliances but there it could be done without collusion.10 GET A DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTION FOR JUST $9.50! Subscribe The reach of the planning system and the technostructure extends far beyond the fairly simple matter of pricing. With considerable though imperfect success, firms manage the “specific demand” for the products they design and sell. (Economists devoted to consumer sovereignty were shocked by this suggestion, but Galbraith took a tolerant view. Where people are affluent and the goods unimportant, manipulation of tastes is not the gravest social ill.) In dealing with the state, especially in the matter of advanced weapons, the technostructure finds an ideal relationship: a stable customer, long horizons, protection against loss. More broadly, the planning system forges political consensus around the holy objective of economic growth: steady expansion in total demand implies positive profits and therefore stable growth for business firms. Growth serves the organization first; its other clienteles come after that.11 The planning system gives us our peculiar devotion to modern higher education, with the emphasis on generalized business arts, and the devaluation of higher technical skills (science, mathematics, engineering) as well as of older talents such as design, music, draftsmanship, and the fine arts. These we import. As Galbraith explained, the technostructure does not generally need craftsmen. It needs flexible young men and women willing to be molded to the goals and mores of the organization, and to do whatever it may ask. Here the corporation resembles the foreign service, or the army, and not at all the medieval guild. Contrary to a common theme in recent labor economics, education does not impart skill; it imparts acceptability.12 Galbraith admired Karl Marx, but his work supersedes many Marxian doctrines. Galbraith admired Karl Marx, but his work supersedes many Marxian doctrines. Where affluence prevails, class conflict is bound to diminish. Where planning succeeds, even ordinary workers come to identify with the goals of the firm; unions then lose their vanguard status. All this points toward a need for new forms of dissent, focused on the problem of social balance—private affluence and public squalor—as well as related environmental, aesthetic, and cultural concerns. It is possible that in their desires for accessible education, decent health care, and reliable jobs, working people in the wealthy countries around the world are often more Galbraithian than those who claim to speak for them.13 John Maynard Keynes believed in the management of aggregate demand in order to produce full employment. But once full employment was achieved, he thought the classical economics of the free market system might come into its own. Galbraith entertained no such illusion. The difference owed much to the fact that, although Keynes mostly ignored technological change, Galbraith (who had seen more of it) understood something of its nature. Galbraith therefore realized that in some form the planning system was a permanent feature of the scene. In this respect, Galbraith broke with orthodoxy more deeply than Keynes did.14 When The New Industrial State appeared, American Keynesianism was in its glory days; the years of decline still lay ahead. And yet Galbraith saw that Keynes’s doctrines had been distorted by his followers. The planning system had absorbed Keynes, adapting demand management to its own purposes. As already noted, economic growth instead of full employment had become the paramount policy objective. Fluctuations in growth would receive immediate public policy attention; increases in unemployment would not, unless they threatened the political stability of the system. The planning system contrived to favor rapid enough growth to assure stability for its constituent firms, yet not so rapid that it would restore the power or perhaps the lost militancy of the unions. Growth generated by tax cuts might therefore lead toward full employment, but it might never get there.15 Fifty years later, the main charge against The New Industrial State is that it did not anticipate the thrashing that American business has received in the decades since 1970. This came in four phases. First, there was the Japanese challenge, especially in automobiles and steel. Then came the industrial collapse of the 1980s. In the 1990s, there was the technology bubble, which (it is said) reasserted the controlling role of the owner-capitalist, personified by Bill Gates and Steve Jobs. Finally, there came the corporate scandals, involving Enron, Tyco, and WorldCom, among other corporate giants.16 The stakes are higher now than ever. Get The Nation in your inbox. That a book failed to foresee the future is an easy criticism to level; Marx is often denied his greatness for believing that proletarian revolution would triumph everywhere, when it obviously has not. Galbraith wrote of the American corporation at the pinnacle of its power, while his critics pretended that corporate power didn’t exist. Then they pilloried him for failing to predict the decline of particular firms—the decline somehow proving, in the peculiar logic of the critics, that the power had never actually existed. For his part, my father moved on, did not reply vigorously, and The New Industrial State faded from view. This was a shame, for although the lights of his book were trained on the planning system as it then existed, they still illuminate beautifully more recent transformations, crises, and decline.17 The Japanese challenge of the late 1970s did not prove that competitive markets rule. It resulted, rather, from the intrusion of one planning system onto the turf of another. Did the Japanese have a planning system? Of course they did: one that combined that country’s traditional alliance of government and keiretsu (corporate networks) within a system, established by the American occupation, in which Galbraith himself had played an early role. The Japanese planning system grew over the decades to follow, until it was strong enough to challenge American producers on their home turf.18 And how did Americans meet that challenge? It was done politically, with “voluntary export restraints” administered—ironically enough—by Ronald Reagan’s self-described free-marketeers. One has to give Reagan’s people credit. Rather than open America to the free market, which would have been catastrophic for American business, they cut the Japanese into a new bargain, permitting them to increase their market share and to upgrade their products over time. The result was a managed defeat for the American firms, which was bad, but far better than an unmanaged one would have been. That disaster came later, with the “free-trade” agreements inaugurated with NAFTA under Bill Clinton and pushed, assiduously until the end, by Barack Obama.19 It is true that The New Industrial State didn’t anticipate the broader industrial crisis of the early 1980s. As late as the third edition of 1978, Galbraith argued that the traditional powers of the financial sector to ration capital, and therefore to decide who lives and who dies in industry and trade, were in eclipse. He made this argument because it was true at the time. That the forces of high finance were preparing a massive counterattack did not become clear to anyone—not even to most bankers, so far as we know—until a year later, when Paul A. Volcker ascended to the chairmanship of the Federal Reserve. And Volcker did not launch his Armageddon of sustained 20 percent interest rates until after Ronald Reagan took office in 1981.20 The modern banker bestrides the corporate and the political worlds without understanding much of either. Reagan and Volcker set out to restore the world that existed before the New Deal—before the unions, before countervailing power, and above all before the planning system. Markets, and specifically capital markets, would be made to rule. High interest rates would sort the adept from the inadequate business firm. Bankers would lend to the best, squeeze the rest, and force the survivors to higher standards of productivity. Galbraith thought this utterly Quixotic. The bankers were powerful but they were not fit to govern. Far from being a blown-up version of the avuncular small-town specialist in local business acumen, the modern banker bestrode the corporate and the political worlds without understanding much of either. In particular, he could not understand much of the technical work at the heart of the major corporation, and therefore he could not exercise practical control over strategy or performance. The banker’s power was mainly of a destructive kind: he could squeeze business or he could wreck business, but there was no magic whereby from the rubble a better business would emerge. In the collapse of socialism a few years later, the peoples of the Soviet Union learned a similar lesson. Markets construct nothing by spontaneous generation.21 With real interest rates higher than any conceivable rate of economic growth, normal business operations could not adequately service debts. And so, quite predictably, the rules of corporate financial governance broke down. It is a basic proposition in human psychology that when impossible conditions are imposed with no means of verification, people will cheat. Firms would cook their books and would then be rewarded—and certainly not punished—by the markets, not only enhancing their position but undermining that of any honest competition. Only later would the deceptions be discovered. It should have been easy to predict that the age of high interest rates would end in corporate and banking disaster. Galbraith did predict this, when in the early 1980s the policies took shape; the only failing of The New Industrial State a few years earlier was its optimistic confidence that no government would be crazy enough, or atavistic enough, to raise interest rates that high.22 The Reagan-Volcker methods produced a debt crisis that reverberated around the world for two decades, with harsh effects on Latin America, Africa, Eurasia, and ultimately the Far East, along with a deindustrialization of the American heartland. Much of the planning system as it had existed through 1980 succumbed. But not all. What emerged afterward, when the economy finally recovered in the 1990s, was as much a planning system, as much controlled by its technostructure, as before.23 The 1980s weakened the large industrial firm and made it clear that, for some people at least, brighter futures could be had outside industry. Finance beckoned the rapacious. A bit later technology called to those with exceptional imagination, scientific talent, mechanical wizardry, or the skills to persuade venture finance that one possessed these traits. Those parts of the technostructure associated especially with electronic computing broke away from the big industrial firm. Unlike, say, wind tunnels, microprocessors and software have applications across many fields. Their potential was greater if production was not tied to any particular platform, such as IBM’s mainframe computer division. And their profitability would be much higher if they could be freed of debts, pensions, and the like built up by the large corporations in the days when unions were strong and capital was cheap.24 Thus the technology boom: a surge of new, venture-financed firms serving the worldwide market for silicon chips and software. And with that boom there came a new attack on Galbraith’s vision of technological change. Was it really a matter of engineers and organization men? Wasn’t there now a new breed of that oldest and most celebrated economic archetype—the ruggedly independent entrepreneur? In other words, what about Bill Gates?25 There is, however, a Galbraithian explanation for Bill Gates. Microsoft needed marketing. It needed “cool.” The image of the young geek-genius served the purposes of the organization. The superstar myth helped to prettify a firm whose success rested at first on an exclusive franchise (with IBM, for whose early PCs Microsoft supplied the operating system), on patent protections, and later partly on much-questioned manipulations of market power. Later on, Gates’s personal wealth came to exemplify Microsoft’s power; later still, his foundation helped soften and revive his reputation with good works around the world. Each of these had, and has, its business uses. For Microsoft, the CEO was always the chief businessman and never the scientific leader; the technical products of the corporation were always the work of large and awkward committees—and it showed.26 In this way, the technostructure evolved. The new economy had a different shape and a different balance of power, with a renewed role for the investment banker and the financial raider, and therefore less stability than had been true in the 1960s. And it was centered in other parts of the United States, which ultimately became a country of bi-coastal prosperity, dominated by its financial and engineering elites, while the vast industrial regions decayed and were opened to forms of corporate predation not unfamiliar in the post-Soviet lands. In this way, over decades, the groundwork was laid for Donald Trump.27 The United States became a country of coastal prosperity, dominated by elites, while vast industrial regions decayed. Though Galbraith did not expect the modern corporation to be as vulnerable to looting as it has proved, The New Industrial State foresaw the possibility. While reputable economists blamed the savings-and-loan crisis on deposit insurance (“moral hazard,” or when the presence of insurance allegedly fosters risky behavior), for Galbraith the failures lay in the subversion of social and legal norms. As William K. Black, our leading expert on “control fraud,” argues, one can either believe that Enron was the innocent product of a badly-made market, or one can believe the market was suborned with criminal intent. Enron was a complex organization, and it was precisely that complexity, intrinsic to the technostructure, which made it possible to conceal or obscure the frauds. Yet in the final analysis, prosecutors, juries, and Galbraithians have no difficulty passing judgment. More than one thousand felony convictions followed the savings-and-loan fiasco; after Enron collapsed, the top executives were eventually indicted and convicted. Alas, following an even larger wave of financial frauds in the run-up to the financial crisis of 2007-2009, the government took a more lenient view. They tried and convicted no one, and, as a result, confidence in the financial system was never restored.28 Why did the government, in this instance, fail to govern? One may argue that in the new millennium, the model of the large corporation passed into the government, and that we in the United States came to live in a “corporate republic,” where the methods, norms, and culture of government have become those of the corporation:29 In a government by committees, many of them operating in secret, we have the client-driven character of decision making, which can lead to a capture of strategic direction—in national security, finance, regulation, and other areas—by cliques claiming authority and shouldering outsiders out of the way. We have the public relations apparatus with the distinct characteristic of a corporate propaganda machine, namely, an inability or studied unwillingness to tell a truthful story that is consistent from one day to the next. We have the board of directors, uninformed and accommodating, a rubber stamp—the modern Congress. We have the shareholders, also called voters, nominal owners and participants in occasional elections, which the management usually arranges not to lose. All of these characteristics have analogs in the corporation of The New Industrial State.30 There are variations, of course. The “corporate cool” of the Bush-Cheney government came to a spectacular end in the financial collapse. It was succeeded by a more traditional administrative state under Barack Obama, lasting eight years, a government-by-technostructure, and specifically by the new stars in the technostructural sphere: in economics the key roles were taken largely by bank-friendly economists and by lawyers for bankers. This drew the relentless ire of other corporate interests no matter how much they were appeased and accommodated on every matter of practical policy. And in the end, the financial and professional elites came to be seen by the broad public as governing in nobody’s interest save their own.31 In the end, in a dramatic development, resentment morphed into a popular revolt against the professionals, and in an electoral contest pitting one against the other, politico-bureaucratic rule was overthrown. It has been succeeded, as of early 2017, by direct rule of the great American oligarchs, a cabinet of billionaires interspersed with generals and led by a businessman of the old school, specialist in casinos and hotels, a one-man brand, the opposite of an “organization man.” Galbraith would have doubted that the new breed will prove especially well-suited to their tasks. And therefore in due course real power, under Trump, will come to be exercised by those in lower-ranking positions, provided they are drawn, as they may or may not be, from a technostructure of their own sort. Otherwise, the entire structure of government may eventually crumble, leaving the United States in a position not altogether different from that of the Soviet Union in its final years—that is, with a governmental apparatus whose costs so far exceed the benefits that it becomes impossible to defend.32 The Galbraith paradox is that the great theorist of organizations worked alone: he was an intellectual entrepreneur. Meanwhile, the academic phalanx that scorned his ideas was comprised of organization men, conformist in their views, careful tenders of their academic franchise. Few of them will be remembered as individuals; yet their hold on reputable thought remains absolute. Galbraith’s heresies triumphed in the open market; within the university they were repressed by close analogs of modern corporate public relations.33 Galbraith foresaw this. “The captious,” he wrote, “would be critical of any description of the social geography of the United States, which, by assuming away New York, Chicago, Los Angeles and all other communities larger than Cedar Rapids, was then able to describe the country as essentially a small-town, front-porch community.” But that’s how undergraduates in economics are still largely taught. They imagine that if they stick with the subject, then sometime in graduate school they will at last get to study the world of big firms and complex organizations. The few who make it that far are eventually disillusioned.34 Related Articles Our Political Economy Is Designed to Create Poverty and Inequality Dennis Kucinich The Truth About the GOP Health-Care Plan Mike Konczal What Would Keynes Do? A Forum Doug Henwood, Matt Yglesias and James K. Galbraith The New Industrial State is not a perfect book. It is largely a book about the United States and the American corporation in the postwar era; the complexities of advanced capitalism in Asia, the confederal capitalism of Europe, and the post-Communist firms of Russia had not yet emerged. It is a bit harder to read, and somewhat less entertaining, than his other work. I find in it a few orthodoxies from which I wish he had escaped—such as on the limits placed by saving on investment in poor countries, something which tends to excuse the failures of India and is radically contradicted by the example of China.35 And yet The New Industrial State is a landmark. In it the organization replaces the market, not merely in the world around us, but in the subtle processes of apprehension and understanding. Among economists it is an ill-kept secret that in the fifty years since this book appeared in 1967, the robust faith that once surrounded the concept of the free market as an organizing principle has collapsed. Yet nothing much has emerged to replace it. The New Industrial State remains the doorway through which economics must pass before progress starts up again.36 4 Comments Facebook Twitter Email Print James K. Galbraith James K. Galbraith is author of The Predator State: How Conservatives Abandoned the Free Market and Why Liberals Should Too (Free Press, August 5, 2008). He teaches at The University of Texas at Austin. To submit a correction for our consideration, click here. For Reprints and Permissions, click here. Leave a Comment Cancel reply In order to comment, you must be logged in as a paid subscriber. Click here to log in or subscribe. Sort comments By: Chronological Order Most Liked Walter Pewen says: March 22, 2017 at 9:39 pm Really, in many ways this is just as suffocating as possible. No need for craftsman? Able bodied young men and women being "molded" to the organization? "Don't you know that you can count me out" Lennon/McCartney (0)(0) Robert Hall says: March 22, 2017 at 6:25 pm I read The New Industrial State when it first came out. It was a refreshing diversion from the usual fare in B-School, and JK hit a lot of marks with me then. However, I was hoping to see more about where we are today. The big corporate system and globalization are hitting rocks with a lot of people left out. That's what got Trump elected. He doesn't know what to do about it, of course, because he and those around him have a vested interest in returning to an imagined past, but trying to go there is a disaster. And the system is foundering in the excesses of its own success. Today communities compete to attract capital and outside money, believing that it is the route to a better life. For some, it might be, but not all. The real revolution will be from the bottom up, by people learning how to improve their quality of life without all the bureaucracy of large organizations. And then there are all those pesky environmental problems that threaten the fundamentals of economic growth as we have known it. (3)(0) Henry H Gaffney Jr says: March 22, 2017 at 3:51 pm Quite convincing. At the moment, other than his description of Trump trying to run the government as some kind of speculative real estate operation, with bankruptcies, what we have is (1) the technorganization of the great financial firms, interested only spread sheet numbers; (2) the huge organizations of the health system, i.e., the insurance companies, the mega-hospital corporations, and the Koch Brothers' vast organizations meant to protect their polluting industries. Others might be added. But these now own the Republican Congress, which depends on their funds for reelections. (0)(0) Doug Barr says: March 22, 2017 at 12:30 pm If we are to survive our vertical economy must be "collapsed". A horizontal one will "emerge[ ] to replace it." https://thelastwhy.ca/poems/2012/12/13/economy.html (0)(1) Economics Corporations History Mar 21, 2017 The End of the US Empire Can Be a New Beginning for Our Democracy By Daniel Cantor and Barbara Dudley Mar 21, 2017 Trump’s Relentless, Chaotic Distractions By Tom Tomorrow Yesterday 10:49 am Reviving the Peace Movement for the 21st Century: Responses to Daniel May By William D. Hartung, Diana Ohlbaum, Lawrence Wittner, Meredith Horowski and Debbie Almontaser Mar 15, 2017 Trump’s Obsession With Cutting Regulations Will Make America Sick By Michelle Chen Mar 21, 2017 The End of the US Empire Can Be a New Beginning for Our Democracy By Daniel Cantor and Barbara Dudley Mar 21, 2017 In Brexit’s Wake By John Harris “There are few places where one can still read courageous journalism. The Nation is one." —Alec Baldwin Subscribe to The Nation Ad Policy Follow The Nation Get Email Updates Stay connected with everything Nation by signing up for our free daily newsletter. Sections Politics World Economy Culture Society Environment Take Action The Nation About Advertise eBooks Comments Policy Contact Us Help Jobs and Internships Nation Builders Nation Travels Student Writing Fellows Magazine Current Issue Masthead Archive Donate Subscribe Subscription Services Reprints Copyright (c) 2017 The Nation Company LLC
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business Comment Stock markets shaken: But is this the first sign that a Trump-inspired correction is coming? Even The Wall Street Journal has started to express doubts as the President’s ability to enact his agenda is increasingly questioned James Moore Chief Business Commentator @JimMooreJourno Wednesday 22 March 2017 11:00 GMT Click to follow The Independent Online A lot of people deluded themselves that a businessman president would be good for business. They turned a blind eye to the record of this particular businessman Getty After US stocks took their biggest loss in five months, Asian markets went into reverse and European markets followed when they opened this morning.  It was a long way from being a rout. The better term would be a wobble.  What should play on investors’ minds, however, are the causes. Read more Trump campaign chief secretly worked to 'benefit Putin government' Trump rounds on healthcare bill critics: ‘I’m gonna come after you' US under Donald Trump is a 'parallel universe of disinformation' Liberal opinion might have been horrified when Donald Trump was elected as President of the US, but the markets responded rather positively. This guy will get growth going! Tax cuts! Infrastructure spending! Tax cuts!  The reaction among economists to Trumponomics was rather more mixed. But the markets weren’t listening to them. There’s a businessman in the Oval Office! He’s going to get things done! When The Donald managed to sound a bit presidential in his victory speech, jettisoning the vindictive pledge to jail his opponent in the process, it only emboldened them.  All that bluster. It was just the campaign. Now he’s got his heart’s desire things will be different.  Of course, as we now know, normal Trumpian service was swiftly resumed. But the markets even took that in their stride. Alternative facts? The Russian stuff? That train wreck of a cabinet? Don’t worry! Tax cuts! Infrastructure spending! Tax cuts!  The latest furore over the President’s incredible claims that he was bugged by Barak Obama, aided and abetted by GCHQ in Cheltenham, might just be serving as a tipping point.  Even the Rupert Murdoch-owned Wall Street Journal, America’s conservative financial bible, was moved to voice its concern at the path the Trump administration is taking.  With a leader entitled “A President’s Credibility” it opined that Trump’s “seemingly endless stream of exaggerations, evidence-free accusations, implausible denials and other falsehoods” are damaging his presidency. No kidding.  It also warned that Trump’s agenda is being put at risk. To push it forward, it said, he needs to find support beyond “the Breitbart cheering section that will excuse anything”. Given the way he is conducting himself, that could prove difficult.  The leader concluded by warning that “if he doesn’t show more respect for the truth most Americans may conclude he’s a fake President”. The Journal’s previous hesitancy to call Trump out as a liar has created tension internally with its reporters, and externally with readers who are, as a rule, a little more thoughtful that the “the Breitbart cheering section that will excuse anything”. So the leader needs to be seen in context. Nonetheless, it got noticed. It played into the doubts that may have started to gnaw at even those with an optimistic take on Trump’s agenda and his ability to get it through. It was published as the President was desperately trying to rally support for the healthcare reforms that have been enduring a rough ride in the Republican-controlled Congress.  But tax cuts! Infrastructure spending! Tax cuts! Yes, yes. Let’s see whether they arrive in practice, shall we? Let’s see if worried American politicians are really prepared to enact the cuts that will be necessary to pay for them, or to approve the sort of borrowing that might make anyone with any concern about matters fiscal go green, let alone America’s budget hawks.  “Patience is running out,” said one investor, apparently among those who didn’t see this coming. They were hardly alone. A lot of people deluded themselves that a businessman president would be good for business. They turned a blind eye to the record of this particular businessman.  Business picture of the day 37 show all Business picture of the day 1/37 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 2/37 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 3/37 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 4/37 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 5/37 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 6/37 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 7/37 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 8/37 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 9/37 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 10/37 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 11/37 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 12/37 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 13/37 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 14/37 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 15/37 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 16/37 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 17/37 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 18/37 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 19/37 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 20/37 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 21/37 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 22/37 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 23/37 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 24/37 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 25/37 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 26/37 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 27/37 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 28/37 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 29/37 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 30/37 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 31/37 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 32/37 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 33/37 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 34/37 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 35/37 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 36/37 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 37/37 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters No wonder confidence is wobbling.  There are many who predicted a market correction at some point early in the Trump presidency. This is not that. A 1 per cent fall in the FTSE is almost nothing.  Still, the fact that even the President’s allies are starting to get worried has woken the bears from hibernation. They’re hungry, and the President looks set to provide them with plenty of meat.  More about: Donald Trump Stock Markets Shares The Wall Street Journal FTSE Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
The most read Vietnamese newspaper Follow us on                Edition: International   |   Vietnamese Home News Perspectives Business Economy Finance DataSpeaks Travel & Life Food Culture & Arts Travel What’s On Video Business Travel & Life News World Contact Us © Copyright 1997 VnExpress.net, All rights reserved Go The most read Vietnamese newspaper International Edition International Edition Vietnamese Edition Contact us | Follow us on        News Business Travel & Life Video World Browse all section News Perspectives Business Economy Finance DataSpeaks Travel & Life Food Culture & Arts Travel What’s On Video Business Travel & Life News World News Related News Vietnam’s new-found submarine power and where it came from Mar. 13, 2017 Vietnam conducts test runs for two more ‘Lightning’ warships Aug. 26, 2016 Vietnam sends first-ever Russian-built warship to international exhibition By VnExpress  &nbspMarch 22, 2017 | 02:32 pm GMT+7 Vietnam's Gepard-class frigate Dinh Tien Hoang. Photo from Vietnam Government Portal. Hanoi says the country aims to exhibit goodwill and contribute to maritime security in the region and the world. Vietnam has for the first time sent one of its naval vessels built by Russia to an international maritime and aerospace exhibition in Malaysia, the government said. The Gepard-class frigate HQ-011 Dinh Tien Hoang, with 140 officers and crew members aboard, has left for the fair that is taking place between March 21-25 in Malaysia, the government said in a statement on its news website.  The exhibition, known as LIMA, is a biennial international maritime and aerospace exhibition which draws the participation of many top military powers and arms-producing companies around the world. As part of the trip, the frigate will join a ship parade and a LIMA sea exercise in ship formation for photos taken, rescuing people in distress at sea, providing logistics at sea and other activities. LIMA is one of the largest exhibitions of its kind in Asia-Pacific to support not only the defense but also civilian and commercial industries. The event was attended by 512 businesses from 36 countries in 2015 and is expected this year to welcome 550 companies, including top arms-producing companies such as Lockheed Martin, Boeing, Airbus and Thales, making it the biggest ever since its debut in 1991. In May 2006 Vietnam and Russia signed a $350 million contract for two Gepard-class frigates. The ships were delivered to the Vietnamese Navy in March 2011 and named after Vietnamese kings Dinh Tien Hoang and Ly Thai To. The HQ-011 Dinh Tien Hoang is designed to perform search tasks, track and destroy floating target ships, air defense, escort, and patrol territorial waters and special areas with economic rights. The ship is equipped with stealth technology and may operate independently or in squadron. In addition to these, Russia is completing building another two Gepard frigates ordered by Vietnam for delivery in the second half of 2017, said Renat Mistakhov, director of Zelenodolsk Shipyard, who is attending LIMA. His plant has built the first pair of frigates for Vietnam.  "Everything is going according to the plan," Mistakhov was quoted by Sputniknews as saying Tuesday at LIMA. "Vietnam seems to be satisfied and shows a lot of interest in these orders," he said.  Vietnam has recently placed orders with Russia for six Kilo-class submarines and Su-30MK2 naval fighter-bombers in its naval modernization drive. Related news: > Vietnam’s new-found submarine power and where it came from > Vietnam conducts test runs for two more ‘Lightning’ warships   Share on Facebook   Share on Twitter Tags: Vietnam warship exhibition international maritime aerospace LIMA Comments (0) Latest first | Highest rated Latest firstHighest rated View more Your comment 20/1000 Tắt chia sẻ Log out   Your comment 0/1000   Read more Vietnam arrests two bloggers on anti-state propaganda charges Kim Jong-Nam murder: Vietnamese suspect possibly victim of a set-up - Yonhap Abandoned security shacks avoid Saigon's sidewalk campaign Vietnamese men face sobering charges after drunken reservoir blunder Bus throws itself across motorbike lane into Saigon canal Vietnamese air traffic controllers suspended for sleeping on duty, leaving shift Recommendation Fire sparks fear near Saigon chemical market 1 Huge fire engulfs Taiwanese garment factory in southern Vietnam 2 Sunny and sandy again: Hoi An's famous beach recovers from erosion 3 Toxic waste gushing into Vietnam's rivers and lakes - report 4 Vietnam wants US connections to prevent anti-gov't content on the internet 5 Back to top Contact: Editorial News World Business Economy Finance DataSpeaks Travel & Life Travel Food Culture & Arts Video What's On © Copyright 1997 VnExpress.net, All rights reserved   Reading: Vietnam sends first-ever Russian-built warship to international exhibition | Go News Perspectives Business Economy Finance DataSpeaks Travel & Life Food Culture & Arts Travel What’s On Video Business Travel & Life News World
Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Travel Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News Business Health And Fitness Podcast Immersive Gossip Latest News IPL 2017 Compare India MCD Elections Ind vs Aus Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports All Sections LIVE TV Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Travel Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News Business Health And Fitness Podcast Immersive Gossip Latest NewsIPL 2017Compare IndiaMCD ElectionsInd vs Aus Latest News IPL 2017 Compare India MCD Elections Ind vs Aus News18 » Travel 4-min read New Security Measure Could Cause Travellers to Reroute Trips Associated Press Updated: March 22, 2017, 12:11 PM IST Photo courtesy: AP A new security measure banning many electronic devices on flights from 10 mostly Muslim countries is leading travellers to reconsider their plans to fly through some airports in the Middle East and Africa. Paula Berger, an energy-company manager, and a co-worker have tickets to fly from the U.S. through Dubai to Hyderabad, India, where her company has an office. The new rules would require Berger to surrender the laptop she carries and put it in checked baggage on the return trip next month. She is worried the device could be stolen. "I've been spending hours this morning trying to find a way to reroute us without it costing $5,000, but I haven't found anything," Berger said Tuesday. "We might have to suck it up and go through Dubai." The U.S. and British governments, citing unspecified threats and attacks against airliners and airports over the past two years, announced Tuesday they are barring passengers from airports in 10 countries from bringing laptops, tablets, cameras and other devices on board in carry-on bags. Only cellphones and medical devices will be allowed in the passenger cabins. The orders are a concern for business travellers, journalists and other professionals who work on the devices and use them to store sensitive information. Tourism officials worry that the orders could heighten people's fears of an attack and discourage them from travelling. Jonathan Grella, an executive vice president for the U.S. Travel Association, said he hopes that the government is trying to make travel more secure, not to suppress it, and that the U.S. still welcomes business and leisure visitors. Analysts said some travellers who want to keep their devices with them will switch to flights that reach the U.S. from Europe or Asia, even if it means an extra connection. For business travellers, the ban on laptops in the cabin "is a potential productivity killer," said Robert Mann, an aviation consultant in Port Washington, New York. "If you were planning to work on the flight, you've just burned 14 hours of your day." Henry Harteveldt, a travel analyst in San Francisco, said some companies forbid employees from putting expensive company property such as laptops in checked bags, where theft is always a risk. Making matters worse for passengers, most airlines say in their policies that they don't cover or they limit compensation for expensive items such as electronics that are placed in checked bags. Naureen Shah, Senior Director of Campaigns at Amnesty International USA, warned that the orders pose risks to journalists and human rights advocates, "who will be forced to hand over laptops and devices containing sensitive information, potentially compromising their sources." A senior administration official said the U.S. would not go after data on passengers' devices. If U.S. the security measure causes passengers to fly home through Europe, the beneficiaries are likely to be U.S. airlines or their European partners, who operate many flights to the U.S. from London, Paris, Frankfurt, Amsterdam and other transportation hubs. U.S. government officials say their order will affect about 50 flights a day — there are about 2,100 airline flights to the U.S. each day, according to the Department of Transportation. More than half of the affected flights are operated by three Middle Eastern carriers: Emirates, Qatar Airways and Etihad Airways. They are growing rapidly and adding new destinations in the U.S. from the United Arab Emirates and Qatar, two of the countries covered by the electronics measure. All three have built their business on routing long-haul international traffic through their desert hubs rather than relying on the smaller local markets. And they are big buyers of Boeing and Airbus planes. Etihad passengers at Abu Dhabi International Airport in the United Arab Emirates go through a passport-inspection facility staffed by U.S. Customs and Border Protection agents — the only one of its kind in the Middle East — allowing them to arrive in the U.S. as if they were on a domestic flight. That arrangement, however, was not enough to spare the airport from being covered by the new security measure. The security order comes as the biggest three U.S. airlines — American, Delta and United — lobby the Trump administration to crack down on those Middle Eastern rivals, whom the U.S. carriers accuse of getting unfair subsidies from their governments that let them undercut U.S. airlines on fares. A senior U.S. government official told reporters the security order was not related to the dispute. "It may not have been directed at the three Gulf airlines, but there will be collateral damage to those carriers," Harteveldt said. "The question is how much." For now, the Gulf airlines are not protesting publicly. But if the security measure drives customers away, Harteveldt said they could retaliate by canceling orders to buy U.S.-made planes from Boeing Co. Muslim travellers trip First Published: March 22, 2017, 12:11 PM IST Read full article Next Story Recommended For You 3 Reasons to Not Buy a Term Plan Xiaomi Redmi 4A Review: An Affordable Redmi 3S Facelift India Isn't Comfortable With Women Who Are Unapologetic About Their Sexuality: Swara Bhaskar Alia-Sidharth, Sonakshi-Bunty and Others Attend Anushka's Phillauri Special Screening Steven Smith Smitten by Picturesque Dharamsala Stadium About Us Privacy Policy Disclaimer Contact Us Sitemap Complaint Redressal Advertise With Us sections India Lifestyle States Tech Politics Auto Sports iVideos Football Power Circuit Latest News ACMA Study on Indian Automotive Market Estimates 228 Million Vehicles in India New Porsche Panamera Launched in India at Rs 1.93 Crore Deepa Jayakumar files nomination for R K Nagar assembly bypoll In pics: Team India Practice at Dharamsala Lamborghini Huracan Performante to Launch in India on April 7 Watch LIVE From Network18 News18 India CricketNext News18 States Pradesh18 Bangla News Gujarati News Urdu News Marathi News Topper Moneycontrol Firstpost CompareIndia History India MTV India In.com Burrp E-Learning Franchise Opportunity CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2016 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP, displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of NEWS18.com does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved.
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   Northern Virginia Urban League Press Release Share      Blog Receive press releases from Northern Virginia Urban League: By Email PDF Version RSS Feeds: Northern Virginia Urban League to Honor Community Leaders at Annual Awards Gala Alexandria, VA, March 22, 2017 --(PR.com)-- The Northern Virginia Urban League (NVUL) will host its 27th Annual Community Service and Scholarship Awards Gala on Friday, April 28, 2017 at the Hilton McLean Tysons Corner, 7920 Jones Branch Drive, McLean, VA at 7:00 p.m. The theme is “Celebrating Champions in Our Community.” The League’s Annual Awards Gala has become one of the most prestigious events recognizing community service, diversity, and scholarship in the metropolitan Washington, DC area. Over 600 guests are expected to attend the event. Highlights of the evening will include honoring several champions in the community for leadership and community service, awarding $50,000 in scholarships to minority high school seniors attending college in the fall, and acknowledging NVUL’s work in the areas of Education, Jobs, and Justice. Distinguished honorees to be saluted include: · Darrell Green (Former Washington Redskin and NFL Hall of Famer) - Champion of the Community, Man of the Year Award Darrell Green is best known as a former cornerback with the Washington Redskins. During his record-setting 20-year career with the team he became known and lovingly referred to as “Mr. Redskin.” His on-field accomplishments include two Super Bowl victories, seven selections to the Pro Bowl, and four NFL Fastest Man competitions. In 1991, he was recognized as the World’s Fastest Athlete. Green is also well known for his work off the field as a mentor to many. As a proponent of education, service and moral development, he founded The Darrell Green Youth Life Foundation (DGYLF) in 1988 and continues to oversee its operations. · The Honorable Robert “Bobby” C. Scott (Congressman - VA 3rd District) - Congressional Leadership Award Congressman Bobby Scott is currently serving his twelfth term in Congress representing Virginia’s Third Congressional District. Congressman Scott has the distinction of being the first African-American elected to Congress from the Commonwealth of Virginia since Reconstruction. He currently serves as the Ranking Member on the Committee on Education and the Workforce. · Mele Melton (Culturfied Foundation) - Emerging Leader Under 40 Award Mele Melton is the founder of the Culturfied Foundation, dedicated to increasing cultural awareness and creating new and better opportunities for DC-area students to be exposed to other world cultures in a positive and life-enhancing way. The foundation offers cultural literacy programs to more than 3,000 students through partnerships with DC International School, United Nations Association of the National Capital Area, and Boys and Girls Clubs of Greater Washington, DC. Leo A. Brooks, Sr., Leo A. Brooks, Jr., and Vincent K. Brooks - Leadership & Military Service Award -- Historic African-American family with father and two sons to attain rank of general in the U.S. Army Brigadier General (Retired) Leo A. Brooks, Sr. After a 30-year military career Leo A. Brooks, Sr. retired while serving as a major general in 1984 to accept an appointment as the Managing Director of the City of Philadelphia. His awards include the Distinguished Service Medal, the Defense Superior Service Medal, three Legions of Merit, the Bronze Star Medal, the Meritorious Service Medal, the Joint Service Commendation Medal, and the Army Commendation Medal. Brigadier General (Retired) Leo A. Brooks, Jr. Leo A. Brooks, Jr. is Vice President, Defense, Space and Security, for The Boeing Company’s Government Operations in Washington, DC. In this capacity, he serves as the company’s senior corporate liaison with the Pentagon, NASA, and the Department of Homeland Security. Brooks joined the company in August 2006, after serving in the United States Army for 27 distinguished years and retiring as a brigadier general. General Vincent K. Brooks General Vincent K. Brooks is the Commander, United Nations Command/Combined Forces Command/United States Forces Korea. General Brooks previously served as the commander of U.S. Army Pacific (USARPAC), with responsibility for all U.S. Army forces and activities in the strategically important Indo-Asia Pacific region assigned to the United States Pacific Command (USPACOM). General Brooks is a 1980 graduate of the United States Military Academy at West Point, where he was selected to serve in his senior year as the Cadet Brigade Commander or “First Captain” of the U.S. Corps of Cadets -- the top military leadership position a cadet at West Point can hold. He is the first African American to be selected for this position in West Point’s history. The 27th Annual Community Service and Scholarship Awards Gala is a black-tie optional event. Doors open at 5:30 p.m. with a VIP Reception followed by dinner and award presentations beginning at 7:00 p.m. Major sponsors include: Alfred Street Baptist Church, Boeing, Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, Jet Linx, RSM US LLP and Volkswagen. The media sponsor is: Comcast. Sponsorship opportunities and tickets are available. For more information about the Northern Virginia Urban League and the 27th Annual Awards Gala, call 703-836-2858 or visit www.nvul.org. The Northern Virginia Urban League (NVUL) is a non-profit, nonpartisan, multi-ethnic, social service organization. Our mission is to enable Northern Virginia minorities and other disadvantaged communities to secure economic self-reliance, parity, power, and civil rights through program services and effective advocacy. Established in 1990, NVUL is one of 94 affiliates of the National Urban League, the nation's oldest and largest community-based movement devoted to empowering African Americans and other underrepresented minorities to enter the economic and social mainstream. Contact Information Northern Virginia Urban League Deborah Pankey-Mebane 410-206-8082 Contact Attached Files PDF version of press release: Northern Virginia Urban League to Honor Community Leaders at 27th Annual Awards Gala Filename: PressRelease-wHRF.pdf Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from Northern Virginia Urban League Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out16:39 GMT +323 March 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search BREAKING: Belgium Police Prevent Terrorist Attack in Antwerp 'Dark Matter': Wikileaks Releases New Batch of 'Vault-7' on CIA Hacking Techniques US Air Force Orders Engine Overhauls for Veteran KC-10 Refueling Aircraft © YouTube/235FireFly Military & Intelligence 07:43 22.03.2017Get short URL 0 30222 Northrop Grumman Technical Services has received a multimillion USAF contract to provide engine overhauls for the KC-10 long range refuelling aircraft. © AP Photo/ Janus Engel Northrop to Provide 'Key NATO Member' Denmark With Targeting Pods for F-16 JetsWASHINGTON (Sputnik) — Northrop Grumman Technical Services has received a $16.9 million US Air Force contract to provide engine overhauls for the KC-10 long range refuelling aircraft, the US Department of Defense announced. "Northrop Grumman Technical Services [of] Herndon, Virginia has been awarded a $16.9 million delivery order," the announcement stated on Tuesday. "Contractor will provide engine overhauls in support of the KC-10 Extender." The Boeing-McDonnell Douglas KC-10 Extender is an aerial refuelling tanker aircraft that is the military version of the three-engine DC-10 airliner. The tanker has the fast speed for a refuelling aircraft of about 620 miles per hour (nearly 998 km/hour) and a range of 4,369 miles (7,030 km). ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 22 Related: Northrop Wins Contract for In-Space Maintenance on Missile Defense System Northrop Grumman, BAE Drop Out of Race to Build US Next-Gen Trainer Jet Northrop Grumman Wins $140Mln for Air Force Battlespace Communication System Tags: US Air Force, United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 16:38Russian Ex-Lawmaker Voronenkov Shot 4 Times - Ukraine Prosecutor General 16:34US Buildup in Northeast Asia Destabilizes Region - Russian Foreign Ministry 16:33UK Public Figures Slammed for Exploiting London Attack, Bandwagon Jumping 16:29Belgium Police Prevent Terrorist Attack in Antwerp 16:28Trump's Path to Putin Lies Through NATO, G7 SummitsAll news Iranian Sea Vessels Greet US Aircraft Carrier in Strait of Hormuz 11847 Billionaire David Rockefeller Dies at Age 101 11038 This is Why Crimea is Russia's 'Unsinkable Aircraft Carrier' in the Black Sea 8244 Westminster Attack in London: Live Updates 8169 Russia-China S-400 Deal and Other Defense Agreements Unnerve Washington 8088All news Dozen Most Insane Statements From US Congress’ Hearing on ‘Russian Spying’ 47 Israel Vows to Continue Launching Airstrikes on Targets in Syria 39 Israeli Threats to Destroy Syria’s Air Defense Aimed at 'Advancing Own Interest' 38 Why Israel is 'Deeply Interested' in Continuation of Syrian War 37 Seven Nations to Join Israel in Biggest Air Drill in Country’s History 35All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Top Ten Best and Worst Places to Live in 2017 You Made It a Question Death From the Sky: The US Air Force's Mistaken Airstrikes News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
  Caracas, Thursday March 23,2017   Home | About us | Who's Who | Contacts | Help Search:  Venezuela Links Venezuela Overview Venezuelan Embassies & Consulates Around The World Sites/Blogs about Venezuela Venezuelan Newspapers Facts about Venezuela Venezuela Tourism Embassies in Caracas Colombia Links Colombia Overview Colombian Embassies & Consulates Around the World Government Links Embassies in Bogota Media Sites/Blogs about Colombia Educational Institutions Wall Street Stocks Commodity Prices Commodities Crude Oil US Gasoline Prices Natural Gas Gold Silver Copper Currencies Euro UK Pound Australia Dollar Canada Dollar Brazil Real Mexico Peso India Rupee Caribbean Antigua & Barbuda Aruba Barbados Cayman Islands Cuba Curacao Dominica Caribbean G-Z Grenada Haiti Jamaica Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Central America Belize Costa Rica El Salvador Honduras Nicaragua Panama North America Bahamas Bermuda Mexico South America Argentina Brazil Chile Guyana Paraguay Peru Uruguay Follow Us What's New at LAHT? Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Most Viewed on the Web Popular on Twitter Receive Our Daily Headlines   HOME | Science, Nature & Technology Trump Signs NASA Budget Bill, Sets Goal of Sending Humans to Mars by 2030s WASHINGTON  President Donald Trump signed on Tuesday a bill authorizing $19.5 billion in funding for NASA for the current fiscal year and set a target of sending humans to Mars by the 2030s. Trump said he was delighted to sign the bill in the Oval Office, where he was accompanied by several congressmen promoting the measure, Vice President Mike Pence and NASA officials. The bill reaffirms our national commitment to the core mission of NASA, said Trump, adding that it is geared to guaranteeing that the most important programs at the US space agency will continue and that the country will remain a leader in space exploration. The president specifically emphasized the importance of the transferring exploration activities to the private sector. In 2011, NASA ended its space shuttle program and, since then, it has relied on Russia to carry US astronauts to the International Space Station. Currently, several private firms, including Boeing and SpaceX, are working to undertake crewed missions to ferry US astronauts to the ISS without having to depend on other countries to do so. Trump also remarked that the law enacted on Tuesday supports NASAs deep space exploration efforts. Specifically, the law sets forth the longer term objective of sending humans near or onto the surface of Mars during the 2030s. Last October, then-President Barack Obama said that the country was on the right track in fostering government cooperation with private companies, and he set the goal of sending humans to Mars by the 2030s. According to Trump, the new law is also designed to support the jobs of engineers and scientists, among others, and to provide monitoring and medical treatment for astronauts who develop health problems as a result of their service. After signing the law, NASA officials presented Trump with an astronauts jacket as a gift.   Enter your email address to subscribe to free headlines (and great cartoons so every email has a happy ending!) from the Latin American Herald Tribune:   RSS Feed [ Home ] [ About Us ] [ Who's Who ] [ Contacts ] [ Help ] Copyright Latin American Herald Tribune - 2005-2015 © All rights reserved
UP election resultsAssembly Election News | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Elections 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Politics Last Modified: Wed, Mar 22 2017. 09 25 AM IST Ban on many electronic devices on flights could cause travellers to reroute trips The orders are a concern for business travellers, journalists and other professionals who work on the devices and use them to store sensitive information Subscribe to our newsletter. AP Tourism officials worry that the orders could heighten people’s fears of an attack and discourage them from travelling. Photo: AP Dallas: A new security measure banning many electronic devices on flights from 10 mostly Muslim countries is leading travelers to reconsider their plans to fly through some airports in the Middle East and north Africa. Paula Berger, an energy-company manager, and a co-worker have tickets to fly from the US through Dubai to Hyderabad, India, where her company has an office. The new rules would require Berger to surrender the laptop she carries and put it in checked baggage on the return trip next month. She is worried the device could be stolen. “I’ve been spending hours this morning trying to find a way to reroute us without it costing $5,000, but I haven’t found anything,” Berger said Tuesday. “We might have to suck it up and go through Dubai.” The US and British governments, citing unspecified threats and attacks against airliners and airports over the past two years, announced on Tuesday they are barring passengers from airports in 10 countries from bringing laptops, tablets, cameras and other devices on board in carry-on bags. Only cellphones and medical devices will be allowed in the passenger cabins. The orders are a concern for business travellers, journalists and other professionals who work on the devices and use them to store sensitive information. Tourism officials worry that the orders could heighten people’s fears of an attack and discourage them from travelling. Also Read: US bans gadgets like laptops, tablets on flights from 10 international airports Jonathan Grella, an executive vice president for the US Travel Association, said he hopes that the government is trying to make travel more secure, not to suppress it, and that the US still welcomes business and leisure visitors. Analysts said some travellers who want to keep their devices with them will switch to flights that reach the US from Europe or Asia, even if it means an extra connection. For business travellers, the ban on laptops in the cabin “is a potential productivity killer,” said Robert Mann, an aviation consultant in Port Washington, New York. “If you were planning to work on the flight, you’ve just burned 14 hours of your day.” Henry Harteveldt, a travel analyst in San Francisco, said some companies forbid employees from putting expensive company property such as laptops in checked bags, where theft is always a risk. Making matters worse for passengers, most airlines say in their policies that they don’t cover or they limit compensation for expensive items such as electronics that are placed in checked bags. Naureen Shah, senior director of campaigns at Amnesty International USA, warned that the orders pose risks to journalists and human rights advocates, “who will be forced to hand over laptops and devices containing sensitive information, potentially compromising their sources.” A senior administration official said the US would not go after data on passengers’ devices. If US the security measure causes passengers to fly home through Europe, the beneficiaries are likely to be US airlines or their European partners, who operate many flights to the US from London, Paris, Frankfurt, Amsterdam and other transportation hubs. US government officials say their order will affect about 50 flights a day — there are about 2,100 airline flights to the US each day, according to the Department of Transportation. More than half of the affected flights are operated by three Middle Eastern carriers: Emirates, Qatar Airways and Etihad Airways. They are growing rapidly and adding new destinations in the US from the United Arab Emirates and Qatar, two of the countries covered by the electronics measure. All three have built their business on routing long-haul international traffic through their desert hubs rather than relying on the smaller local markets. And they are big buyers of Boeing and Airbus planes. Etihad passengers at Abu Dhabi International Airport in the United Arab Emirates go through a passport-inspection facility staffed by US Customs and Border Protection agents — the only one of its kind in the Middle East — allowing them to arrive in the US as if they were on a domestic flight. That arrangement, however, was not enough to spare the airport from being covered by the new security measure. The security order comes as the biggest three US airlines — American, Delta and United — lobby the Trump administration to crack down on those Middle Eastern rivals, whom the US carriers accuse of getting unfair subsidies from their governments that let them undercut US airlines on fares. A senior US government official told reporters the security order was not related to the dispute. “It may not have been directed at the three Gulf airlines, but there will be collateral damage to those carriers,” Harteveldt said. “The question is how much.” For now, the Gulf airlines are not protesting publicly. But if the security measure drives customers away, Harteveldt said they could retaliate by cancelling orders to buy US-made planes from Boeing Co. AP Topics: Electronics ban US bound flights US security Muslim countries Gulf airlines More From Livemint READ MORE Shinzo Abe’s wife Akie accused of giving cash-filled envelope in real estate scandal Donald Trump fights for US healthcare bill, makes headway with conservatives Amid deepening ties, Chinese troops join Pakistan Day parade First Published: Wed, Mar 22 2017. 09 22 AM IST Editor's Picks How the London attack unfolded at the heart of UK government Radhakishan Damani quiet as ever after stellar D-Mart listing Snapdeal in talks with Flipkart, Paytm for a potential sale Latest News Shinzo Abe’s wife Akie accused of giving cash-filled envelope in real estate scandal Donald Trump fights for US healthcare bill, makes headway with conservatives Amid deepening ties, Chinese troops join Pakistan Day parade Gold prices edge up on sustained buying Kerala government faces backlash over commuting prison sentence Mint On Sunday Rape laws: A call for change Where now are the bindis of yesteryear? Muhammad bin Tughlaq: The Sultan of Swing A Bengali in Assam The creativity of the productive and the insane TOP GAINERSTOP MUTUAL FUNDSMOST ACTIVE VALUE AND VOLUME Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Elections 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 The US government's electronics ban blindsided the world's best airlines — and the worst could be yet to come Benjamin Zhang Mar. 21, 2017, 10:30 PM 69,041 facebook linkedin twitter email print An Emirates Airbus A380. AP On Tuesday, the US Department of Homeland Security announced the introduction of an electronic-device ban for flights coming to the US from 10 airports in the Middle East and Africa. Many of the eight affected airlines seemed to have been blindsided by the news. With only four days to comply, it's still uncertain how many of the carriers will be able to work out the logistics of the ban. In addition, the thought process behind the decision and the intelligence on which the ban has been based remain unclear. Terrorist threat According to senior administration officials, the decision to implement these security measures is a result of intelligence showing a risk for terrorist activity involving commercial aviation. "Evaluated intelligence indicates that terrorist groups continue to target commercial aviation and are aggressively pursuing innovative methods to undertake their attacks, to include smuggling explosive devices in various consumer items," an official said on Monday. Whatever this intelligence consists of, it was substantial enough for the national-security apparatus to act. Mike Nudelman/BI Graphics According to James Norton, who served as deputy assistant secretary of the DHS during the George W. Bush administration, security actions such as this will take place if there is evidence of a credible threat. An example of this happened in 2006 when the Bush administration issued an immediate ban on liquids after law enforcement in the UK foiled a terrorist plot to blow up airliners traveling across the Atlantic using liquid explosives, Norton told Business Insider. Confusing, however, was that the UK issued a similar ban Tuesday but excluded four airports — in Dubai and Abu Dhabi in the United Arab Emirates, in Doha, Qatar, and in Casablanca, Morocco — featured in the US ban. In addition, many in the aviation community question whether a ban of this type would even be effective in countering a terrorist attack. Doha, Dubai, and Abu Dhabi are major international transit hubs with extensive multilayered security procedures. US-bound flights are also screened in dedicated facilities using well-trained security professionals who often have experience in law enforcement or the military. Hamad International Airport in Doha, Qatar. Hamad International Airport In fact, Abu Dhabi International Airport is equipped with a US Customs and Border Protection preclearance facility where passengers and bags headed for the US are screened by US customs officials. Lithium-ion batteries The new rule is not an outright ban. Instead, it prohibits larger electronics such as laptops, cameras, and tablets from being brought into the cabin of the aircraft. This means they will most likely have to be stored inside the cargo hold of the aircraft with the checked luggage. Such behavior, however, is explicitly prohibited by the Federal Aviation Administration. "FAA battery fire testing has highlighted the potential risk of a catastrophic aircraft loss due to damage resulting from a lithium battery fire or explosion," the agency wrote in an alert in February. "Current cargo fire suppression systems cannot effectively control a lithium battery fire." Administration officials told journalists on Monday that they were working with the FAA to maintain a safe flying environment, but they did not state specifics. Business Insider asked DHS for specifics on Tuesday but has not yet heard back from officials. This is particularly concerning for Michael Mo, the cofounder and CEO of KULR Technologies, a company that specializes in thermal-management systems for batteries. "Lithium-ion batteries are inherently volatile with an average of one out of 5 million units expected to blow," Mo told Business Insider in an interview. "It's statistics. It's not a matter of if, but a matter of when one of these things blow. "So when that happens, it's better to have humans nearby to react and put out the fire." AP Spare lithium-ion batteries stored in a cargo hold could be particularly dangerous because they would be packed into checked suitcases that would most likely also include incredibly flammable items like hairspray or deodorant. Protectionist politics? Of the 10 airlines affected by the US ban, three — Emirates, Etihad, and Qatar Airways — have been at the heart of a heated rivalry with the US carriers American, Delta, and United, which are not affected. For some, the inclusion of these airlines seems too convenient to be a coincidence. "If you squint hard enough, there is some justification on a security basis for this, but the implementation has been haphazard and in manner that is particularly targeted at and does harm to the commercial interests of a set of airlines that has been the source of much competitive hand-wringing from US airlines," Airways senior business analyst Vinay Bhaskara told Business Insider. When asked about the topic on Monday, a senior administration official denied any relationship between the electronics ban and the feud between the American and Middle Eastern airlines. But the reasoning behind the UK's decision to exclude the Middle East's big three from its ban remains unclear, as it is believed that the UK government acted on the same intelligence as US officials. Business impact The immediate effect of the ban will most likely weaken the Persian Gulf's three mega-carriers along with Turkish Airlines, Bhaskara said. Based on the latest rankings from the respected consumer-aviation website Skytrax, Emirates, Qatar, Etihad, and Turkish Airlines represent the first-, second-, sixth-, and seventh-ranked carriers in the world. Since the US government's ban calls into question the security of their home airports, these airlines will have to contend with the resulting negative publicity and uncertainty among customers. A new Emirates ad argues that one doesn't need a laptop to have a good time aboard its flights. A Turkish Airlines Boeing 777. Boeing But many corporate customers do not allow their employees to ship work computers in their checked luggage. This is due to concerns over theft of equipment and any sensitive information stored on the computers. As a result, they may push some clients toward carriers that are not affected by the ban. No US carriers offer nonstop flights into the Middle East. As a result, they won't benefit directly. The ban, however, will most likely drive lucrative business travelers back toward European hubs such as Frankfurt, London, Amsterdam, and Paris. This means US airlines will benefit through joint ventures and alliance relationships with Lufthansa, British Airways, Air France, and KLM. That said, not all US carriers will benefit. Airlines like JetBlue and Alaska have partnership agreements with Emirates. A reduction in business for Emirates cuts into the number of passengers who depend on JetBlue's and Alaska's planes to connect them to secondary and tertiary cities in the US. A view of Qatar Airways' business-class section. Qatar Airways According to Bhaskara, the long-term effects of the ban are unclear. The strategic decisions the affected airlines and their competitors make will be determined by how long with ban is in place. Many of these questions will be answered, however, as airlines and the flying public work through the new guidelines. If you're currently a business traveler affected by the US laptop ban, you can share your story with transportation@businessinsider.com. SEE ALSO: The US government has banned laptops on some incoming flights from the Middle East and Africa NOW WATCH: This $41K plane ticket comes with a shower, bed, and butler service Loading video... More: BITranspo BI Graphics Airlines TSA facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru The US government's electronics ban blindsided the world's best airlines — and the worst could be yet to come The US government's electronics ban blindsided the world's best airlines — and the worst could be yet to come On Tuesday, the US Department of Homeland... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured This man dropped out of college twice and now directs MIT's Media Lab — here's how he did it More "Idea Factory" » Michael Lewis on how to deal with bosses and control your own career More "Idea Factory" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
MLive Michigan Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Menu Home Set Your Edition Michigan News Sports High School Sports Weather Business Obituaries/In Memoriam Jobs Autos Real Estate Entertainment Food & Dining Lifestyle Opinion Photos & Videos Become a Member Classifieds Celebrations Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Automotive Crime Databases Education Environment Health Lottery Obituaries Politics & Elections U.S. & World Weather Regions News subscriptions Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Grand Rapids-Area Towns Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Lions Pistons Red Wings Tigers Broncos Cardinals Chippewas Eagles Lakers Spartans Wolverines Small Colleges More Sports Back to Main Menu Auto Racing Boxing Golf Outdoors West Michigan Whitecaps Great Lakes Loons Grand Rapids Griffins Kalamazoo Cobras Kalamazoo Wings Muskegon Lumberjacks Saginaw Spirit Flint Firebirds Kalamazoo Growlers Grand Rapids Drive Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Girls Soccer Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Tennis Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Girls Water Polo Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Wrestling Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Girls Volleyball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Competitive Cheer Girls Gymnastics Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Girls Ice Hockey Boys Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Girls Golf Boys Tennis Boys Water Polo Field Hockey Boys Rugby Equestrian Back to Main Menu Forecasts from Mark Torregrossa Michigan Weather News Radar & More Back to Main Menu Automotive Statewide Ann Arbor Jackson & Lansing Metro Detroit Mid-Michigan West Michigan More Business Back to Main Menu Business Resource Center Michigan Jobs Press Releases Back to Main Menu View current obituaries Place obituary Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Dining Out Event Listings Post an Event Michigan's Best Movies & Reviews Television Music & Reviews Comics Celebrities Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking & Recipes Healthy Eating Michigan's Best Beer Drinks Wine Back to Main Menu Celebrations Health & Fitness Home & Garden Travel Back to Main Menu By Region Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Videos Ann Arbor Photos Bay City Photos Detroit Photos Flint Photos Grand Rapids Photos Jackson Photos Kalamazoo Photos Lansing Photos Muskegon Photos Saginaw Photos Back to Main Menu Manage your Subscriptions My Michigan Membership Benefits eReplica Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Ann Arbor/Detroit Jackson/Lansing Flint Saginaw Bay City Grand Rapids Muskegon Kalamazoo/Battle Creek Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search MLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to MLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Michigan Change Region comments Jet carrying Michigan basketball team had mechanical issue before failed takeoff Print Email Darcie Moran | dmoran@mlive.com By Darcie Moran | dmoran@mlive.com The Ann Arbor News Follow on Twitter on March 22, 2017 at 9:02 PM, updated March 22, 2017 at 9:06 PM comments VAN BUREN TOWNSHIP, MI - The National Transportation Safety Board says a mechanical issue was found on the jet carrying the University of Michigan basketball team that aborted takeoff and skidded into a field on March 8. The Boeing MD-83 was supposed to take the team to the Big Ten Tournament in Washington, D.C., but ran off the runway at Willow Run Airport near Ypsilanti "after executing a rejected takeoff," according to a preliminary report released by the NTSB on Tuesday, March 21. In an update on Wednesday, the department revealed a mechanical issue was found on the aircraft during the ongoing investigation - a damaged component of the airplane's right elevator. Witnesses recall Michigan basketball's plane wreck; the pilot 'saved our lives' Elevators are the primary way to control a plane's pitch - nose up and nose down, according to the NTSB. Investigators determined the right elevator on the aircraft was jammed in a nose down position and a component of the right elevator - the right elevator geared tab inboard pushrod linkage - was damaged and restricting movement of the right elevator surface, but allowing movement of the control tab on the elevator. According to the National Transportation Board, the March 10, 2017, image depicts the displaced inboard elevator geared tab linkage, highlighted by the arrow, from Ameristar Air Cargo Inc., flight 9363, that went off the runway on March 8. The red piece of metal is included in the image for reference only an is not part of the elevator system, according to the board.Courtesy of NTSB  According to the National Transportation Safety Board, this graphic shows a diagram of one of two elevators of the MD-83 involved in the March 8, 2017, rejected takeoff and runway excursion at Willow Run Airport near Ypsilanti, Michigan. The elevators are the primary means of controlling the airplane's pitch.Courtesy of NTSB  The flight data recorder showed that both elevators moved normally two days prior, when the plane was flown to the Willow Run Airport, but during the taxi and take-off roll on the day of the crash, the right elevator did not move, according to NTSB. The NTSB statement said: "During takeoff roll, the left elevator began a large airplane nose-up movement (consistent with rotation) at an airspeed of about 152 knots and continued for five seconds to about 166 knots. There was no change in the airplane pitch attitude during this time. The airplane data then are consistent with the takeoff being rejected. The maximum recorded airspeed was about 173 knots." The plane went through a fence and over a service road before coming to a stop, from what could be seen at the airport, and the NTSB confirmed that the 109 passengers and seven crew members exited the plane using escape slides. Air control tower was evacuated when UM basketball team plane wrecked Flight and cabin crewmembers indicated that all slides, except that of the right forward door, deployed correctly, according to the NTSB update. The right forward door slide will now be examined by investigators. The NTSB noted that the investigation into the accident could take 12 to 18 months and no conclusions should be drawn from the update released Wednesday. Also party to the investigation is the Federal Aviation Administration, The Boeing Company and the plane's operator, Ameristar Jet Charter Inc., referred to as Ameristar Air Cargo Inc. by NTSB. University of Michigan basketball player Derrick Walton Jr. appears to be the only one injured in the incident, requiring stitches. The team went on to win the Big Ten Tournament and now continues compete in the NCAA Tournament. NCAA men's basketball tournament From Walton to Wagner, how U-M's Sweet 16 team was built Wilson gets a second chance at a defining moment vs. Oregon Michigan Wolverines' Brand Jordan vs. Oregon Ducks' Nike: Who has the best uniforms? Michigan vs Oregon: Whose alumni are more famous West Coast bias and 20 reasons why Oregon thinks it's better than Michigan Complete coverage » Michigan's Best Where is Michigan's Best sub sandwich? The best of the best of Michigan's Best Find Local Homes for Sale Apartments Car Dealers Used Cars Jobs Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries Connect with MLive Subscribe to our newsletters Like us on Facebook Subscribe on YouTube Most Read Active Discussions About Us MLive Media Group Our Team Advertise Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Jobs at MLive Subscriptions Newspaper | Digital Editions | eNewsletters The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News MLive Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Business Resource Center Your Regional News Pages Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Mobile Mobile apps | Tablet apps More on MLive Photos Video Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | YouTube Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 MLive Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MLive Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Archive Stirling's new industrial facility well on its way to being completed Wednesday Mar 22, 2017 at 5:42 PM Mar 22, 2017 at 5:42 PM Monica Solano Staff Writer @DP_MonicaInes VICTORVILLE — Progress toward completing Stirling Development’s new facility at Southern California Logistics Airport is well on its way as announced during a wall titling event Wednesday. Construction for the new Distribution Centre 18, a 370,023-square-foot industrial facility located at SCLA in Victorville, first broke ground late last year. Workers now are ahead of schedule, despite previous rainstorms and other weather conditions, while also drawing the attention of many in the manufacturing industry. President and CEO of Stirling Development Dougall Agan told the Daily Press that as testimony to high user demand within the region, the facility has already been 42 percent pre-leased to Plastipak Packaging Inc., a world leader in the design and manufacture of high-quality, rigid plastic containers for the food, beverage and consumer products industries. “None of this would’ve been made possible without everyone's partnership," Agan said. “Today we’re here to celebrate all the workers and everyone's help and support on this project. We’re looking to have the building finished by July.” Agan said the facility is looking to add about 200 jobs to the region while Stirling Development is also in the process of another project that Agan said “we cannot yet discuss.” Representatives from the city attended the event in support of Stirling, including Mayor Gloria Garcia and San Bernardino County 1st District Supervisor Robert Lovingood, who spoke on behalf of Stirling's accomplishments. They both presented Agan with a certificate of recognition. “Stirling's commitment to the Victor Valley continues to pay off and we look forward to seeing what they have in store next,” Lovingood told the crowd. Situated on just over 19 acres at the southeast corner of Phantom West and George Boulevard, DC 18 will include 53 dock-high doors, two ground-level doors, 32-inch clear height, "green" building design features, 186 auto stalls, 75 truck stalls, a fenced yard and on-site property management. Plastipak currently occupies more than 312,000 square feet within SCLA, including two small warehouse locations and one 296,490-square-foot manufacturing facility. It will utilize the new facility for warehousing needs and plans to expand its presence within SCLA once the property is completed this summer. SCLA, the former home of George Air Force Base, is an 8,500-acre multimodal freight transportation hub and is also home to many companies, such as Boeing, Dr. Pepper Snapple, Exel Logistics, Fastenal, FedEx, General Electric, Leading Edge, Newell Brands, Pacific Aviation Group, Plastipak Packaging, Pratt & Whitney, Red Bull, Sparkletts, Solar City Corporation and United Furniture Industries. Monica Solano can be reached at MSolano@VVDailyPress.com or at 760-951-6231. Follow her on Twitter@DP_MonicaInes. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Advertise With Us Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications false
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 22 March 2017 by Military News Smart Weapons Market to Experience Increase in Growth by 2016-2024 Sarasota, FL — (SBWIRE) — 03/22/2017 — Zion Market Research, the market research group announced the analysis report titled „Smart Weapons Market: Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecasts 2016–2024„ Global Smart Weapons Market: Overview The weapons that are guided by the various technologies such as the computer, lasers, and others, in order to direct them correctly towards the target, are known as smart weapons. These weapons are highly efficient and accurate. Thus, the demand for this kind of weapons is increasing around the globe boosting the smart weapons market. Request Free Sample Report @ https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/sample/smart-weapons-market Global Smart Weapons Market: Growth Factors The primary factor that attributes to the global smart weapons market growth includes the increasing research and progression activities of a number of research institutes in various regions in order to develop smart weapons. The demand for modernized and efficient weapons drives the global smart weapons market growth. The increasing need of tight security in the border areas and also for strategic operations is expected to influence the growth of the global market globally. The military’s interest in investing more and modernizing the weapons fuels the global smart weapons market. The rising terrorism across the borders also demands smart weapons which in turn escalates the global market growth. The increasing defense budget and military equipment operations, and research boost the growth of the global smart weapons market in various regions around the globe. Global Smart Weapons Market: Segmentation The global smart weapons market is segmented based on technology, product, and platform. The technology segment is bifurcated into infrared, laser, radar, GPS, optical, wire-guided, micro-computing, and satellite. The infrared subsegment is further divided into IR homing and IIR homing. The radar subsegment is further categorized into active and passive homing. The product segment is classified into guided rockets, guided projectiles, missiles, munitions, and precision guided firearms. The guided projectiles subsegment is bifurcated into mortar rounds and artillery shields. The munitions subsegment is divided into target pods and guided bombs. The missiles subsegment is categorized into anti-ship and anti-submarine missile, anti-tank missiles and standoff missiles, and air-to-air and air-to-surface missile. The guided rockets subsegment is classified into anti-submarine, anti-tank and tactical rockets, and air-to-air and air-to-surface. The precision guided firearms subsegment is further grouped into shoulder fired weapons, smart guns, and small smart weapons. The platform segment is classified as land, air, and naval. The infrared technology and munitions segment leads the global smart weapons market globally. Request Report TOC (Table of Contents) @ https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/toc/smart-weapons-market Global Smart Weapons Market: Regional Analysis A significant growth in the regions such as North America and Europe is expected due to various research organizations’ interest in research and development activities to develop smart weapons for tight border security and strategic operations. The terrorist’s threat has increased the military expenditure and modernization techniques for weapon development which in turn boost the global smart weapons market in various regions. Global Smart Weapons Market: Competitive Players The major players in the global smart weapons market include Raytheon Company, Lockheed Martin, Orbital ATK, MBDA Inc., and General Dynamics Corporation. The other players in the global market include Israel Aerospace Industries, The Boeing Co., Northrop Grumman Corporation, BAE Systems, Textron Inc., and L-3 Communications Ltd. Browse detail report @ https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/report/smart-weapons-market Global Smart Weapons Market: Regional Segment Analysis North America U.S. Europe UK France Germany Asia Pacific China Japan India Latin America Brazil The Middle East and Africa What Report Provides Full in-depth analysis of the parent market Important changes in market dynamics Segmentation details of the market Former, on-going, and projected market analysis in terms of volume and value Assessment of niche industry developments Market share analysis Key strategies of major players Emerging segments and regional markets Testimonials to companies in order to fortify their foothold in the market. Ask for a customized report @ https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/custom/1072 CategoriesUncategorized Tagsartillery, Companies, company, Computing, defense, general, Industry, major, Markets, military, missile, mortar, radar, satellite, Space, submarine, tactical, tank, Technology, Uncategorized, weapon, weapons Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Aerobic Steps Market 2017: Alexandave Industries, Clinton Industries, Miralago, Panatta Next PostNext Global Ailerons Market for Commercial Aircrafts 2017-2021 – Current Market Size, Trends, Survey and Forecast Report Search Recent Posts Global Ceramic Tiles Market (2017-2023) – Growing Demand For New Residential Restructure – Research and Markets Plan and Optimize your Route with a New Smart Navigator App from FLEETCOR World Meteorological Day celebrates importance of clouds for weather, climate and water IIROC Trade Resumption / L’OCRCVM permet la reprise de la negociation – IMM Atossa Genetics Opens Enrollment in Study of Endoxifen Business Contacts A Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Custom Search Home Recent News Categories Archives Help Section Submit Free Register Partners Contact Login Thu, 23 Mar 2017 08:36:13 -0500 Home Recent News PR Categories PR Writing Tips PR Dont's Sample Releases Submit Press Release Archives Contact us Hire a PR Writer Register FREE Login Advertise Arts Business Computers Education Entertainment Events Finance Internet Medicine Real Estate Society Sports Technology Travel Submit a Press Release FREE ! Register FREE ! Analytica Achieves CMMI Level 3 2017-03-22 Print Tweet   Inc. Magazine-Recognized IT Services Firm Improves Operational Efficiencies FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE Washington D.C.  March 14, 2017  Analytica, an award-winning consulting and information technology solutions provider to the US public sector, confirms its high-quality software development capabilities with the award of CMMI (Capability Maturity Model Integration) for Development v1.3 at Maturity Level 3 (CMMI-DEV v1.3 ML3). CMMI is a process improvement framework for software and engineering systems developed by Carnegie Mellon Universitys Software Engineering Institute (SEI) and administered by the CMMI Institute. Maturity Level 3 indicates that when appraised, Analytica was found to be achieving a combination of specific and generic goals in a broad range of process areas. The achievement of the Level comes as a byproduct of Analyticas partnership with Process Innovation firm Broadsword Solutions (Broadsword). Analytica is pleased to have worked with Broadsword over the past year and half to help our Engineering Solutions Group formalize and mature our software development processes to achieve a Capability Maturity Model Integration (CMMI) appraisal at Maturity Level 3. said Mariano Lopez, CEO of Analytica. We are proud of our team and look forward to serving Federal and State Government customers with these improved process maturity capabilities. Analytica has made a bold commitment to utilize an accelerated framework for continuous improvement based on the CMMI, Broadswords president, Jeff Dalton, said. We are honored to leverage our management consulting, engineering and process improvement solutions in support of Analyticas mission to be the acknowledged expert in technology solutions to the US public sector. ABOUT ANALYTICA: Analytica, headquartered in Washington D.C., is an established SBA certified 8(a) and HUBZone small disadvantaged business. Founded in 2009, Analytica is a leading consulting and information technology solutions provider to public sector organizations, supporting federal health, federal civilian, and national security missions. As an award-winning partner for Federal, State, and Local governments, Analytica provides information management, analytics and visualization, software engineering, and management consulting services. Our commitment to quality and continuous process improvement is demonstrated through our appraisal in the Software Engineering Institute (SEI) CMMI® Maturity Level 3 and our ISO 9001:2008 certification. For the last three years, Analytica has been recognized by Inc. Magazine as one of the fastest-growing private businesses in Washington D.C. and the U.S. ABOUT BROADSWORD SOLUTIONS CORPORATION: Broadsword is a Process Innovation firm and CMMI Institute Partner that is the world-leader in using Agile and Lean methods to drive high-performance engineering using their Agile CMMI methodology and collaborative consulting, coaching and CMMI training solutions. Working with great clients like ADNET, Boeing, Chrysler, Agilex, and L3 Communications, Broadsword has a proven record of success throughout North America and the world. Broadsword has offices outside of Washington, DC, Detroit, MI and San Diego, CA and can be reached at www.broadswordsolutions.com.   Media Contact: Khurram Alam (202) 870-5326 bdfederalanalytica.net ###   Contact Info Analytica 1705 Desales St. NW Suite 400 Washington D.C., 20036 Phone: 2028705326 Website: http://www.analytica.net       (C) 2014 - PR Urgent News. All Rights Reserved Terms of use | Contact | Advertise Disclaimer: We accept no responsibility for accuracy and completeness for any information of press releases published on this site as they are submitted directly by different companies/individuals/third parties. We recommend to directly contact the poster through the contact information published on the news release.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Air Canada - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Air Canada with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Cintas Co. (CTAS) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS Affimed NV (AFMD) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research FNF Group of Fidelity National Financial, Inc. (FNF) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Eastgroup Properties Inc (EGP) Given Hold Rating at BMO Capital Markets Edmond Macri Sells 600 Shares of Wayfair Inc (W) Stock Insider Buying: Lithium X Energy Corp (LIX) Director Acquires 20,000 Shares of Stock Mediagrif Interactive Technologies Inc (MDF) Insider Buys C$112,000.00 in Stock Global Payments Inc (GPN) Director Sells $48,018.00 in Stock JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Steel Dynamics, Inc. (STLD) Jensyn Acquisition Corp (JSYNU) Stake Owned by Jensyn Capital, LLC Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. (RRGB) Stake Held by Integrated Core Strategies (Us) LLC Insider Selling: Ebix Inc (EBIX) Director Sells 2,675 Shares of Stock Facebook Inc (FB) Insider Sells $2,267,200.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Fox Factory Holding Corp (FOXF) Director Sells 465,657 Shares of Stock Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for Deutsche Telekom AG (DTE) Campbell Soup Company (CPB) Plans $0.35 Quarterly Dividend Entercom Communications Corp. (ETM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Bank Mutual Co. (BKMU) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Blackbird Energy Inc (BBI) Insider Joshua Sheldon Mann Buys 35,000 Shares of Stock First United Corp (FUNC) COO Jason Barry Rush Purchases 1,456 Shares Air Canada (AC) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts March 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Air Canada (TSE:AC) have been given a consensus recommendation of “Buy” by the ten analysts that are currently covering the firm. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, five have given a buy rating and two have issued a strong buy rating on the company. The average 1 year price target among brokerages that have covered the stock in the last year is C$16.44. A number of equities analysts have issued reports on AC shares. CIBC upped their target price on Air Canada from C$17.50 to C$19.50 in a research report on Thursday, January 5th. Royal Bank of Canada reaffirmed a “top pick” rating and issued a C$18.00 target price on shares of Air Canada in a research report on Tuesday, February 21st. Scotiabank cut their target price on Air Canada from C$16.00 to C$15.50 and set a “sector perform” rating on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, February 21st. TD Securities cut their target price on Air Canada from C$22.00 to C$21.00 and set an “action list buy” rating on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, February 21st. Finally, Macquarie upped their target price on Air Canada from C$14.00 to C$17.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 21st. Shares of Air Canada (TSE:AC) traded down 2.23% during midday trading on Wednesday, hitting $12.74. The company had a trading volume of 976,091 shares. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $13.51 and its 200-day moving average price is $12.90. Air Canada has a 12 month low of $8.05 and a 12 month high of $14.85. The company has a market cap of $3.48 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 4.11. In other news, insider Lise Fournel sold 10,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of C$13.29, for a total value of C$132,900.00. Also, insider Chris Isford sold 20,273 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, February 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of C$13.69, for a total value of C$277,537.37. Insiders sold a total of 35,300 shares of company stock valued at $479,303 over the last quarter. Your IP Address: Air Canada Company Profile AIR Canada is a domestic, United States transborder and international airline company. The Company is a provider of scheduled passenger services in the Canadian market, the Canada-United States transborder market and in the international market to and from Canada. The Company’s mainline operates a fleet of over 170 aircraft, including Airbus narrow-body aircraft, Boeing and Airbus wide-body aircraft, and Embraer 190 regional jets. Receive News & Ratings for Air Canada Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Air Canada and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
POLITICO Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Trump Presidency Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure PRO Already a Pro? Why Go Pro? Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video POLITICO Podcasts Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 The First 100 Days: Trade Connect With Us Inside Trump’s last-ditch bid to avoid a health care disaster Trump's early policy moves benefit the industries he knows best — his own Obamacare repeal in jeopardy as Trump offers 11th-hour concessions Memo to Ivanka: Flex Your West Wing Mojo Is Trumpcare already here? Nunes claims some Trump transition messages were intercepted Politico Morning Cybersecurity A daily briefing on politics and cybersecurity Get the Morning Cybersecurity Newsletter Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print Today: Two high-level cybersecurity hearings By Tim Starks 03/22/17 10:00 AM EDT With help from Eric Geller and Martin Matishak LOOK OUT HONEY ’CAUSE I’M USING TECHNOLOGY — Two congressional committees this morning are holding dueling exploratory hearings on cybersecurity. In the Senate, the Commerce panel holds a session as part of Chairman John Thune’s series of hearings on new tech. “Emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence, blockchain and quantum computing, as well as the flourishing internet of things, offer innovative approaches for combating future cyber threats, but also present new risks,” Thune will say in his opening statement. “As threats continually evolve, flexible and innovative approaches will be required to protect businesses, critical infrastructure and individual citizens. This hearing will explore the enormous potential of these fields to revolutionize the cybersecurity arena and grow our economy.” Story Continued Below In his written testimony, Venky Ganesan, chairman of the National Venture Capital Association, will recommend that the federal government update its procurement system to ensure access to cutting-edge technology. He’ll also suggest that technical standards agency NIST develop a way to systematically update its widely used voluntary cybersecurity framework and create guidelines to compare security products. But government should avoid hard regulations on emerging technologies, Intel Security Chief Technology Officer Steve Grobman will testify, according to his prepared statement. Some emerging technologies, like artificial intelligence and cognitive systems, “can help bridge the very real skills gap facing the cybersecurity industry, and also help create more ‘new collar’ jobs for professionals who have the right mix of in-demand skills but perhaps not a traditional computer science degree,” Caleb Barlow, vice president of threat intelligence for IBM Security, told MC in advance of his testimony. And Malcolm Harkins, chief security and trust officer of digital security firm Cylance, will encourage adoption of security as part of the design of emerging tech like the internet of things, per excerpts of his written remarks. — THE HOUSE SIDE: The House Homeland Security Committee, meanwhile, will hold a hearing that’s meant to establish a baseline for the panel’s cybersecurity work going forward, including legislative plans to reorganize the Homeland Security Department’s cyber wing — the National Protection and Programs Directorate — into the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Protection Agency. Former White House cyber czar Michael Daniel will outline why the cyber threat is growing. One, he’ll say, more and more devices are hooking into the internet. Two, there’s an increase in the number of people who can use cyberattacks to advance their goals. And three, hackers are more willing to use increasingly dangerous kinds of attacks. “It’s not just a technology problem. It’s a multidimensional problem involving economics, psychology, human behavior and business,” Daniel, who will testify as president of the Cyber Threat Alliance, told MC. “Cyberspace and the internet are relatively new from a policy standpoint. We don’t have the sort of long-standing legal frameworks and policy shorthands we do for the physical world.” Other witnesses include former NSA chief Keith Alexander, now head of IronNet Cybersecurity; Bruce McConnell, global vice president for the EastWest Institute and a former DHS deputy undersecretary for cybersecurity; and Frank Cilluffo, director of George Washington University’s Center for Cyber and Homeland Security. HAPPY WEDNESDAY and welcome to Morning Cybersecurity! Your MC host is humbled by, and grateful for, the raw volume of “get well soon” messages and remedy suggestions in response to his clearly life-threatening perma-cold. (< — -Milking it now.) Send your thoughts, feedback and especially tips to tstarks@politico.com, and be sure to follow @timstarks, @POLITICOPro and @MorningCybersec. Full team info is below. A GUY WHO KNOWS ABOUT TAPPING — Rep. Jim Himes, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee’s NSA and Cybersecurity subpanel, is having a big week. On Monday he helped fact-check President Donald Trump, in real time, during a hearing with FBI Director James Comey and NSA Director Adm. Mike Rogers. The episode highlighted Himes’ tech savvy and his emerging voice on cyber and intelligence issues, especially on Russia’s alleged election-year hacks. “We’re having a very robust debate in this country now about, did we respond enough to the Russian hack? We kicked out a bunch of Russians and shut down a facility or two. Is that enough? Was that a deterrent? I don’t happen to think that was much of a deterrent to [Russian President] Vladimir Putin,” he told Martin and Cory in a recent interview. “But my point is, we’re having this discussion and that would inform something about, ‘Look, if you commit an attack on us and you’re a sovereign state, here’s how we’re likely to respond.’” He also weighed in on the role of contractors in government cybersecurity, something that has rocked the NSA twice now. “Like a lot of contracting there’s probably some things that make sense and some things that don’t. If it’s installing patches in 10,000 computers across some agency, that’s one thing,” Himes said. “But if it’s maintaining and improving the most innovative, new cyber weapon? Do you really want an entity that has a fiduciary obligation to its shareholders — in addition to whatever loyalty it may have to the project — to be in that room?” Pros can read the full interview here, where Himes also discusses FISA Section 702 reauthorization, splitting NSA from U.S. Cyber Command, and the process of making his own maple syrup. GORSUCH ON IP — Cyber got a glancing mention during the second day of Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch’s confirmation hearing. Sen. Orrin Hatch asked Gorsuch if the Fourth Amendment, which protects people from "unreasonable search and seizure,” should be applied when it comes to intellectual property, Pro Technology’s Ashley Gold reported. "Attaching something to somebody else's property would be considered a search, and the court held that if that's a trespass and a search 200 years ago, it has to be today," Gorsuch replied, referring to a Supreme Court case dealing with whether police officers could stick a GPS tracking device to someone's vehicle. "So the technology changes, but the principles don't.” As for keeping up with new technologies, Gorsuch said that updating the law was up to Congress, not judges. Meanwhile, on the chamber floor, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer called for delaying a vote on Gorsuch until the FBI wraps up its criminal investigation into the Trump campaign’s contact with Russia. “You can bet, if the shoe were on the other foot and a Democratic president was under investigation by the FBI, the Republicans would be howling at the moon about filling a Supreme Court seat in such circumstances,” he said. “It is unseemly to be moving forward so fast on confirming a Supreme Court justice with a lifetime appointment while this big gray cloud of an FBI investigation hangs over the presidency,” Schumer added. The demand is unlikely to gain traction among Senate GOP leaders, who are planning a vote on Gorsuch early next month. THE RULES OF THE ROAD — The cybersecurity risks of increasingly networked cars will be the focus of a June workshop hosted by two federal agencies. The FTC and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration will convene the June 28 workshop to connect researchers, industry officials, consumer advocates, academic experts and regulators who are examining car security and privacy issues. Topics will include the roles of the FTC, the NHTSA and other agencies; existing self-regulatory protocols; current manufacturer policies; and risks posed by “third-party aftermarket products” that can connect to car systems. The workshop is open to the public and will be livestreamed. Anyone can file a comment on the proceedings by April 20. LET US BE YOUR SHIELD — The Google spinoff Jigsaw wants to protect the web services that power elections from hackers intent on disrupting democracy. On Tuesday, Jigsaw announced that it would begin inviting news organizations and groups that offer election information to enroll in its Project Shield service, which prevents floods of traffic from disrupting access to websites — a technique known as a distributed denial of service, or DDoS, attack. Project Shield has already protected sites belonging to the security journalist Brian Krebs and a leading Dutch election assistance group. “It’s important to provide free protection to these organizations in particular, as they are the groups that provide voters with information they need to make informed decisions,” said Google’s Anne-Gabrielle Dauba-Pantanacce and Jigsaw’s Jamie Albers in a blog post. TWEET OF THE DAY — Hey, it’s better than nothing. RECENTLY ON PRO CYBERSECURITY — Trump can’t escape questions about his ties to Russia, and it promises to dog his presidency. … Trump confidant Roger Stone said he hasn’t spoken to the FBI. … Trump counselor Kellyanne Conway said an explosive House Intelligence Committee hearing this week on Russia and surveillance raised more questions than it answered. … The Kremlin called the Intelligence panel “confused.” … Some Republicans, such as Sen. John Cornyn, aren’t yet ready to disavow Trump’s claim that former President Barack Obama ordered the wiretapping of Trump Tower, even though FBI Director James Comey rebutted it. … White House spokesman Sean Spicer wouldn’t commit to offering additional evidence about the wiretapping allegation. Trump is appointing Benjamin Cassidy, a former Boeing executive, as assistant secretary for legislative affairs at DHS. … Here’s a POLITICO Pro Q&A with the CEO of government IT provider CRSA. … The House passed a bill requiring TSA to provide more regular reports on its information technology acquisition plan. … Thune said votes are being whipped for his bid to reverse FCC broadband privacy rules. PEOPLE ON THE MOVE — Kiran Raj, the former DHS deputy general counsel who focused on cyber and tech at the department, is joining O’Melveny’s Washington office as a partner in the data security and privacy group, the firm announced Tuesday. Raj also served a senior counsel to the deputy attorney general at the Justice Department, where he likewise focused on cyber and national security. QUICK BYTES — “An influential British think tank and Ukraine’s military are disputing a report that the U.S. cybersecurity firm CrowdStrike has used to buttress its claims of Russian hacking in the presidential election.” Voice of America. — There’s some hubbub about Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and juggling schedules with NATO, China and Russia. The Washington Post. — “A Russian bank under investigation for possible ties to the Trump Organization has threatened at least one security researcher with a lawsuit over the dissemination of data that point to a server connection between the bank and the first family’s conglomerate.” CyberScoop. — A top NSA official talked about how a group of hackers (likely Russian) aren’t worried about being stealthy anymore. Nextgov. — A group of hackers are apparently trying to extort Apple. Motherboard. — The U.K. Royal Navy is set to hold its first large-scale cyber war game. BBC. — A kind of mobile banking malware persists despite its authors’ arrest. Check Point. — “Student aid tool held key for tax fraudsters.” Krebs on Security. — American farmers, hacked tractors, Ukrainian firmware, the usual. Motherboard. That’s all for today. Thanks for enabling my future hypochondria, in addition to your legitimate and touching concern. Stay in touch with the whole team: Cory Bennett (cbennett@politico.com, @Cory_Bennett); Bryan Bender (bbender@politico.com, @BryanDBender); Eric Geller (egeller@politico.com, @ericgeller); Martin Matishak (mmatishak@politico.com, @martinmatishak) and Tim Starks (tstarks@politico.com, @timstarks). « View Archives Authors: Tim Starks tstarks@politico.com About The Author Tim Starks has written about cybersecurity since 2003, when he began at Congressional Quarterly as a homeland security reporter. While at CQ Roll Call, he mainly covered intelligence, but he also had stretches as a foreign policy reporter and defense reporter. In 2009, he won the National Press Club's Sandy Hume Memorial Award for Excellence in Political Journalism. He left CQ Roll Call in March of 2015. Before coming to Politico he spent several months freelancing, writing for the Economist, the New Republic, Foreign Policy, Vice, Bloomberg and the Guardian. He grew up in Evansville, Ind. and graduated from the University of Southern Indiana with a degree in print journalism. His first full-time reporting job was covering city hall for the Evansville Press, the former afternoon daily. He was a Pulliam Fellow at the Indianapolis Star, and participated in the Politics and Journalism Semester at the chain of newspapers anchored by the Las Vegas Review-Journal. He also was the Statehouse Bureau Chief at the Evansville Courier & Press and established the Washington bureau of the New York Sun. Some of his other freelance work has been for the Chicago Tribune, Glamour, Deutsche Welle, Ring and BookForum. He is the founder of The Queensberry Rules, dubbed an "indispensable boxing blog" by the Wall Street Journal. He's also fond of fantasy basketball and real-life basketball — he is from Indiana, after all — and gets way too bent out of shape over people rooting against the home team or not walking on the right side of the sidewalk. Most Read Nunes claims some Trump transition messages were intercepted Schiff: There is now 'more than circumstantial evidence' of Trump-Russia collusion Conservatives claim votes to stop GOP Obamacare repeal Federal staffers panicked by conservative media attacks Democrats weigh deal to let Gorsuch through David Brock suffers heart attack White House attacks Clintons in pushback against Manafort allegations Inside Trump’s last-ditch bid to avoid a health care disaster Koch network pledges to defend Republicans who vote against GOP health bill Poll: Trump's approval rating dips to new low of 37 percent Morning Cybersecurity - POLITICO Archive Wednesday, 3/22/17 Tuesday, 3/21/17 Monday, 3/20/17 Friday, 3/17/17 Thursday, 3/16/17 View the Full Morning Cybersecurity Archives » Politico Magazine What’s Really Behind Trump’s Laptop Ban By Thomas Joscelyn The Health Care Albatross By Rich Lowry Will Preet Run? By David Freedlander Trump Is Defining the Presidency Down By Mark A. Patterson More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video Podcasts POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York POLITICO Live Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
EDITION US عربي (Arabi) Australia Brasil Canada Deutschland España France Ελλάδα (Greece) India Italia 日本 (Japan) 한국 (Korea) Maghreb México Québec (En Francais) South Africa United Kingdom United States NEWS Highline Science Education Weird News Business TestKitchen Tech College Media POLITICS Pollster Heroin Epidemic Donald Trump Racial Inequality US Senate Election Results HuffPost Hill Police Brutality Hate Crimes Supreme Court Congress So That Happened ENTERTAINMENT Entertainment Comedy Celebrity TV Arts + Culture Backspace Movies LIFESTYLE Healthy Living Travel Style Taste Home Relationships Sleep IMPACT Reclaim Project Zero HuffPost RYOT Good News VOICES Black Voices Latino Voices Women Fifty Queer Voices Parents VIDEO ALL SECTIONS Arts + Culture Black Voices Books Business Candidate Confessional Celebrity College Comedy Crime Divorce Dolce Vita Eat the Press Education Election Results Entertainment Fifty Good News Green Healthy Living Highline Home Horoscopes HuffPost Data HuffPost Hill Impact Latino Voices Media Newsletters Outspeak Parents Politics Pollster Queer Voices Religion Science Small Business So That Happened Sports Style Taste Tech Teen TestKitchen Travel TV Weddings Weird News Women FEATURED OWN Paving the Way The Power Of Humanity Retire Well Sleep + Wellness What's Working: Purpose + Profit WorldPost POLITICS 03/22/2017 05:46 am ET | Updated 20 hours ago Trump's Team Said It Didn't Ask For Military Vehicles At Inauguration. Emails Show It Did. "Such support would be out of guidelines," one Pentagon official wrote. By Jessica Schulberg 13k 890 WASHINGTON ― The month after Donald Trump won the presidential election, his staff asked the Pentagon to send photographs of military tactical vehicles that he could include in his inaugural parade, emails obtained by The Huffington Post show. The Presidential Inaugural Committee “is seriously considering adding military vehicles to the Inaugural Parade,” a Pentagon official wrote in an internal email dated Dec. 13, 2016. “The conversation started as ‘Can you send us some pictures of military vehicles we could add to the parade,’” the official wrote. The emails, which were released in response to a Freedom of Information Act request, corroborate HuffPost’s January report that Trump, who has spoken favorably of public displays of military prowess, looked into deploying heavy military equipment in his inaugural parade. Asked in December about plans to use military equipment during the occasion, a Trump aide refused to address the matter on the record but offered a vehement off-the-record denial. It’s not clear whether the aide was aware of the conversations referenced in the Pentagon emails, and he did not respond to a request for an explanation. The author of the the Dec. 13 email, whose name was redacted, appeared uncomfortable with the request from the Trump team. “I explained that such support would be out of guidelines, and the costs associated with bringing military vehicles to the [National Capital Region] would be considered reimbursable.” Jessica Schulberg/The Huffington Post The Pentagon typically works closely with presidential inaugural committees to plan the parades. But the military usually provides support in the form of musical groups and color guards rather than heavy military equipment. When Trump’s team floated the idea of sending tanks and missile launchers down Pennsylvania Avenue, some worried it might resemble the massive military parades in North Korea, a source involved in inaugural preparations told HuffPost in January. They were also concerned that the heavy tanks could damage D.C. roads. The military wasn’t sure how to respond to the Trump team’s December inquiry, the emails show. “I’m extremely reluctant to produce an improvised list of military vehicles that we might be held to,” the Pentagon official wrote. “Also concerned that we as a command need an opportunity to staff this request and to make deliberate decisions about vehicle choice and configuration, paint scheme, uniform for crew members, etc. before we start providing pictures which might be regarded as binding.” Conversations with Trump’s inaugural staff were still in the preliminary phase and “completely off the record” the official wrote. “But the establishing guidance has come from the highest level. I do believe they will be making the request.” The Huffington Post/Getty Requests for the use of military equipment in inaugural parades have to be approved by the Office of the Secretary of Defense. Ultimately, the Trump team decided against filing a formal request for military vehicles. Instead, they asked for multiple flyovers of fighter aircraft. “Great news,” one Pentagon official wrote on Dec. 27, responding to an email confirming that the Trump team had abandoned its efforts to procure “military tactical vehicles” for the parade. Trump’s inaugural planning committee asked for a flyover from each military service and an additional flyover from “one of the demonstration teams” ― a possible reference to the Navy’s Blue Angels, the Air Force’s Thunderbirds, or the Army’s Golden Knights Parachute Team. The military rejected the demonstration team but approved four aircraft each for the Air Force, the Navy, the Army, the Marines and the Coast Guard. Trump specifically told his staff he wanted to see an F-35 and an F/A-18 Super Hornet flying overhead during his parade, a Pentagon official wrote in a Jan. 11 email. That request may have been part of Trump’s bid to pit defense manufacturing giants Lockheed Martin and Boeing against one another. Weeks earlier, Trump tweeted: Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed Martin F-35, I have asked Boeing to price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 22, 2016 The Pentagon approved the use of both aircraft, but Trump never got to see his fighter jets in action on his inauguration day. The military canceled all flyovers on Jan. 20, citing poor weather conditions. Do you have information you want to share with the Huffington Post? Here’s how. Suggest a correction Jessica Schulberg Foreign Affairs Reporter, The Huffington Post MORE: Donald Trump U.S. News International News United States Presidential Inauguration The Pentagon CONVERSATIONS Close SUBSCRIBE TO & FOLLOW POLITICS How will Trump’s administration impact you? Learn more Newsletter 2.09 M 1.18 M 474 K Podcast Add us on Snapchat Trump's Team Said It Didn't Ask For Military Vehicles At Inauguration. Emails Show It Did. 13k 890 NEW! HIGHLIGHT AND SHARE Highlight text to share via Facebook and Twitter Advertise RSS Careers FAQ User Agreement Privacy Comment Policy About Us About Our Ads Contact Us Archive Copyright © 2017 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc.    "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved. Part of HuffPost • HPMG News
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site Footer Site Search Site Map 2 Last updated: March 24, 2017 APlus Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian Home A Plus Digital Print Edition News Latest News The Nation The World Inquirer Investigations Health & Science Mind Games In Depth Photos Video Podcasts Opinion Columnists Letters Editorials Cartoons Cut & Paste World Commentary Strewth Blogs Business Review News Latest Opinion Companies Dataroom Markets Economics Margin Call Mining & Energy Wealth Aviation Financial Services Legal Affairs The Deal Wall Street Journal Business Spectator Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Broadcast Print Marketing Digital Tech Technology News Opinion Personal Tech Property Commercial Careers National Affairs Politics News Opinion Newspoll data State Politics Policy Climate Defence Foreign Affairs Immigration Education Industrial Relations Indigenous Health Treasury Sport Sport News Opinion Cricket Golf Football Rugby Union Tennis US Sports AFL NRL Motorsport The Times Turf & Thoroughbreds Combat Sport Cycling Basketball Olympics Life Food & Wine Recipes Wine Halliday's Top 100 Hot 50 restaurants Home & Design Prestige Property Motoring Health & Wellbeing Personal Tech Travel Fashion Columnists Magazine Wish Tech Technology News Personal Tech Opinion Arts Arts News Opinion Books Film Stage Visual Arts Television Music Review Travel Higher Ed Higher Ed News Opinion Int'l Students University Rankings Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Print Broadcast Digital Marketing Property You have cookies turned off To use this website, cookies must be enabled in your browser. To enable cookies, follow the instructions for your browser below. Facebook App: Open links in External Browser There is a specific issue with the Facebook in-app browser intermittently making requests to websites without cookies that had previously been set. This appears to be a defect in the browser which should be addressed soon. The simplest approach to avoid this problem is to continue to use the Facebook app but not use the in-app browser. This can be done through the following steps: Open the settings menu by clicking the hamburger menu in the top right Choose “App Settings” from the menu Turn on the option “Links Open Externally” (This will use the device’s default browser) Windows Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 9 Open the Internet Browser Click Tools (or “gear” icon at top right hand corner) > Internet Options > Privacy > Advanced Check Override automatic cookie handling For First-party Cookies and Third-party Cookies click Accept Click OK and OK Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 10, 11 Open the Internet Browser Click the Tools button, and then click Internet Options. Click the Privacy tab, and then, under Settings, move the slider to the bottom to allow all cookies, and then click OK. Click OK Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy < Use custom settings for history Check Accept cookies from sites Check Accept third party cookies Select Keep until: they expire Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Click Tools icon Or type in Go to chrome://settings/ to the URL window, hit enter Click ‘Advanced settings’ > Select Privacy > Content settings Check ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘Done’ Mac Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Firefox > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘History’ select Firefox will: ‘Use custom settings for history’ Check ‘Accept cookies from sites’ and then check ‘Accept third-party cookies’ Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Chrome > Preferences Click ‘Show advanced settings…’ at the bottom. Under Privacy select ‘Content settings…’ Under ‘Cookies’ select ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘OK’ Enabling Cookies in Safari In Safari Safari > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘Block cookies’ check ‘Never’ Enabling Cookies in Mobile Safari (iPhone, iPad) Go to the Home screen by pressing the Home button or by unlocking your phone/iPad Select the Settings icon. Select Safari from the settings menu. Select ‘accept cookies’ from the safari menu. Select ‘from visited’ from the accept cookies menu. Press the home button to return the the iPhone home screen. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Before the cookie settings change will take effect, Safari must restart. To restart Safari press and hold the Home button (for around five seconds) until the iPhone/iPad display goes blank and the home screen appears. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. You are currently using private or incognito browsing mode so you’ll need to log in every time you visit The Australian Tap here for more information X A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out here Back to top Login Subscribe Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian NewsFlash NewsFlash App Store Daily Edition Daily Edition iTunes Daily Edition Google Play Terms of Use Editorial Code of conduct Standards of Practice Subscription terms Group Subscription Terms Accessibility Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-out Cookie Policy Contact Us Help Contact Us info Photo Sales News Archive About Us About The Australian Advertise with us Our journalists Subscribe The Australian Plus member benefits Sign up to Newsletters Manage Your Newsletters Copyright The Australian. All times AEST (GMT +10:00) Powered by WordPress.com VIP The Australian doesn't play nicely with your current browser. Please take a moment to upgrade to the latest version. Internet Explorer v10 or later Upgrade now
