ePaper Apps Postal Delivery Photos Competitions Newspaper Archive Advertise With Us Shop Death Notices Find a... Home Job IrishExaminer Menu Login Home mobile Hot Topics News - Breaking News - Today's Stories - Special Reports - World - Farming - Weather - Web Archive - Newspaper Archive Sport - Breaking News - GAA - Football - Hurling - Rugby - Soccer - Racing - Golf - Others - Columns Lifestyle - Culture - Fashion/Beauty - Features - Food/Drink - Health/Life - Outdoors/Garden - Damien Enright - Donal Hickey - Richard Collins - Dick Warner - Showbiz - Travel - Home Viewpoints - Columns - Analysis - Our View - Your View - Send your views Video - Video News - Video Sport - Video Lifestyle - Video Viral - Video You May Have Missed Business - Business News - Technology - Small Business ExamViral TechNow - Technology - Gaming Property - Property Search Motoring - News - Reviews - Motors & Me Showbiz Ford 100 Horoscopes Death Notices Help - Advertise With Us - Apps - Competitions - ePaper - Photos - Postal Delivery - Shop Find a - Home - Job News Sport Business Views Life ExamViral Property Motors Tech Video Showbiz Ford 100 Login go Breaking Business News Small Business HOT TOPICS: Ford 100 Stockholm Attack Colm Cooper Garda scandal Brexit Home»Business Norwegian boss casts doubt on Cork-New York Saturday, April 08, 2017 Pádraig Hoare The boss of Norwegian Air has cast doubt on the possibility of a Cork to New York route, saying it is currently not feasible with the aircraft at hand. Cork to Stewart International Airport in New York State had been scheduled to begin in 2018 following the launch of Cork to TF Green Airport in Providence, Rhode Island this summer but that is currently looking unlikely, according to Bjørn Kjos. Speaking in Dublin, Mr Kjos said the airline’s calculations regarding the runway length and the carrying of fuel and passengers meant Cork to New York was not possible at present. However he added that the airline had not given up hope, as it was working with Boeing on aircraft that could make the journey possible and that if their calculations finally added up, it would mean Cork flights to New York. Cork Airport’s short runway by international standards has historically been the reason why most aircraft cannot fly transatlantic routes. Norwegian has calculated that a Boeing 737MAX can takeoff and land in Providence with the amount of fuel and passengers onboard but falls short of making it to Stewart, around 250km further inland. He said: “The problem in Cork is the runway. If it was longer it is highly likely we could have done Stewart. Normally Boeing end up producing a better aircraft than the prototype but it remains to be seen if it is possible to fly to Stewart. If possible, we will do it. As it looks with the figures we have so far, it’s a little bit too far.” It all depends on testing the new aircraft this summer whether Cork to New York can be included in the 2018 summer schedule, according to the airline. Mr Kjos rejected claims that Cork was used as a political pawn for Norwegian to receive permission to fly from Ireland to the US, saying it was the first city he had looked at as they were exploring the possibility. Critics said Cork stakeholders did all the running but that Dublin, Shannon and Belfast received the most benefit with far more flights. “Cork was one of the first cities I ever looked at because a lot of people in the New York region originate from this area. There are a lot of Irish-Americans who have very close ties with that part of Ireland. It was no coincidence. We could have flown everything out of Dublin. I would reject that criticism because we are looking at catchment areas close to the Atlantic. Cork met that criteria and so did Shannon, and Dublin is a large catchment area. Passengers will always decide the number of flights,” he said. Norwegian is currently exploring linking up with Ryanair to provide European-wide low fares to the US, he confirmed. Streamlining their booking systems was taking time and once they had the correct interface within both platforms, it could happen, he said. “We want that possibility with Ryanair so that passengers can fly as an example into Cork and then with Ryanair go to Sicily or wherever they fly. Michael O’Leary is thinking the same as me — what is good for the passenger is always good for the airlines. If we can find a system where passengers can fly all the way with low fares, then super,” he said. Mr Kjos was in Dublin to receive the Outstanding Contribution to Aviation award by the Irish Aviation Authority. Previous winners include IAG boss Willie Walsh and Qantas CEO Alan Joyce. READ MORE Visit the section home page here KEYWORDS norwegian air, cork, new york © Irish Examiner Ltd. All rights reserved Email UpdatesReceive our lunchtime briefing straight to your inbox More in this Section Quinn owners set to invest another €10m this year Agri group to scrap dividend Fifa signs Chinese sponsor Dunnes Stores cleared of trademark breach Breaking Stories Trade talks between EU and Mercosur Latin American countries should be suspended, says MEP Ireland above most European countries for hourly labour costs Greek bailout talks make major breakthrough on reforms Bus strike having 'drastic impact' on retailers Lifestyle Movie reviews: Going in Style, Raw, A Quiet Passion Ask Audrey: He got it into his head he was a Norrie and nearly bought a Ford Capri Cystic fibrosis isn't holding back these two amazing women When a band's name doesn’t have to stay the same More From The Irish Examiner The doughnut burger is now a thing in Cork This Cork guy's cover of Ed Sheeran's 'Dive' will give you chills There's a Whiskey Festival taking place in Cork this weekend This Galway pub is planning an epic Easter Sunday lock-in Kids are making 'Egg Sheeran' for school Easter projects and the pictures couldn't be better Guy drops out of holiday, friends invite a stranger with the same name Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Uncharted 4 wins BAFTA Best Game award Project Scorpio specs revealed Lotto Results Wednesday, April 05, 2017 9 10 11 22 30 42 41 Full Lotto draw results » Follow the Irish Examiner Most Read Top Stories Judge: I don’t know what planet accused thinks she’s on Four-year-old boy killed in digger accident on farm Nigel Owens keeps his word after yellow carding a ball boy at the RDS Residents at care home punished with fines Watch Stephen Roche’s reaction when his bike is thrown from Blarney Castle Ask Audrey: He got it into his head he was a Norrie and nearly bought a Ford Capri Munster Rugby loses advertising sign row Kerry have upped the physical stakes The week in Fantasy Premier League: NavasGate, differential captains and rethinking extra Double Gameweek players Latest: Russian military say they will help Syria strengthen air defences following US strike NEWS All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month SPORT Air of optimism that change is on the way for club players Shane Lowry must learn to manage his swing LIFESTYLE Tried and tested: Brow ink, face gels and skin brighteners Easter cakes and hot cross buns to enjoy with your little bunnies     Group » Irish Examiner Evening Echo BreakingNews.ie RecruitIreland.com Roscommon Herald Western People Carlow Nationalist Kildare Nationalist Laois Nationalist Gorey Echo New Ross Echo Enniscorthy Echo Wexford Echo Waterford News WLR FM Beat 102-103 News Breaking News Today´s Paper World Farming Technology Weather Death Notices Archives Text Only Titanic 100 Election 2016 Referendums 2015 Budget 2016 Sport Soccer Podcast Columnists GAA Rugby Golf Racing Other Sport Results Business Breaking Business News Business Analysis Getting Ahead The Small Business Show Small Business Viewpoints Our view (editorial) Your view (letters) Send letter to editor's page Columnists Books Property News House of the Week Cover Story Commercial Starter Homes Trading Up Features Property Search Lifestyle Showbiz Fashion & Beauty Food & Drink Health & Life Home & Gardens Travel Arts, Books, Film & TV Features Help FAQ Contact Us Media Pack Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Mobile Subscriptions Terms and Conditions NNI ePaper Postal Delivery Competitions RSS Text only © Irish Examiner Ltd, Linn Dubh, Assumption Road, Blackpool, Cork. Registered in Ireland: 523712.
Jobs Cars Homes Directory Announcements Sign In Account Hello Edit Account Sign Out Search Search The Sheffield Telegraph Search More Close ] News Business Transport Crime Education Politics Environment Health Your Say Opinion Offbeat Celebs Regional National News Transport Crime Education Politics Environment Health Your Say Opinion Offbeat Celebs Regional National Sport Football Non League Local Football National Sport What's On Music Theatre & Comedy Arts TV & Film Eating Out Lifestyle Nostalgia Gadgets & Tech Property Family Outdoors Travel Cars £5.75m grant for Boeing Sheffield Boeing 737 Max, Renton Factory Washington 11:50 13:09 Friday 07 April 2017 0 Have your say Aerospace giant Boeing will receive a £5.75 million grant to set up a £20m factory in Sheffield. The biggest plane maker in the world is receiving public funds from the Sheffield City Region, a body which represents nine local councils. The move was agreed by the Combined Authority ‘in the absence of the public and press’ at its latest meeting. The cash is from the £52m Business Investment Fund, half of which is for inward investment. McLaren Automotive is receiving £12m from the same fund to build a £50m factory on the Advanced Manufacturing Park. Sir Nigel Knowles, chair of the business arm of the Sheffield City Region said the Boeing grant ‘helps secure’ a research and development programme and a new factory. He added: “Boeing Sheffield and McLaren Automotive are globally recognised advanced manufacturers and we’re delighted to have been able to support them to locate here. “In a globally competitive environment we will do whatever we can to make sure great businesses invest here. “We have a balanced strategy of investment. This includes supporting major inward investors like Boeing as well as family-run city region firms. “We have helped unlock £50.5m of total investment into the city region – and we know that for every £1 we invest we will generate £24 of economic benefit.” The Boeing Sheffield factory will make ‘actuators,’ motors which move wing flaps. They will be shipped to the states to be fitted to wings which will be transported to a third site to be attached to planes. It is understood the local plant will be built near Sheffield University’s Factory 2050 on Sheffield Business Park near Catcliffe. There are also unconfirmed reports that Boeing has plans for four phases of construction in the region over several years. Boeing was unavailable for comment. A planning application for the McLaren factory has been submitted. Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account Welcome back! Email Address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} Password {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Registration Please fill in the remaining fields below to complete your registration {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the terms and conditions. of the website. {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /registrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} Registering with Sheffield Telegraph means you're ok with our terms and conditions. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions of the website. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} ← Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Thank You For Registering Welcome to Sheffield Telegraph You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration. We are unable to send your welcome email at this time. Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page. CHECK OUT MY PROFILE No thanks, take me to the homepage × Forgotten your password? Enter your email and we'll send you a link to reset your password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Reset Your Password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Reset your password We didn't recognise that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Reset your password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Reset your password Enter your new password. {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* /newPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Is this you? It looks like you're already registered {| foundExistingAccountText |}. Either connect these accounts, or create new one using a different email address. {| moreInfoText |} {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_provider |} {| existing_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| rendered_existing_provider_photo |} Created at {| existing_createdDate |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Back to previous screen Sign In To Complete Account Merge It looks like you're already registered Email is already registered with OtherSite. You'll be able to use the same account on current Site. Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Create new account {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Newsletter Preferences Congratulations, you're now registered! Let us know what news and updates you want to hear about and we'll send them straight to your inbox. No thanks, take me straight to the site. Daily Newsletter Additional Newsletter Where do you live? Enter your postcode so we can keep you up-to-date with the latest local news and exciting deals. Please provide a valid UK postcode Done Already Registered It looks like you're already registered. is already registered with . You will be able to use the same account on . Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. Validating Email address is required. Validating GET INTO WOW NOW Create a new account × × Thank you for registering We have sent a confirmation email to . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. We are unable to process your request at this time. Please try again later. Close Welcome to Sheffield Telegraph Congratulations, you've just sealed the deal! Sign in to your profile now to get started. That's it, you're all done! Close this window to start browsing the site now or click here to go to your profile Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just sign in to your profile now and resend the verification email. Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just resend the verification email by going to your profile page. Take me to my profile Sign in × Error × Profile Photo × Remove Linked Account? Are you sure you want to remove this linked account? Yes Cancel Follow Us On Explore News Sport Sheffield United Sheffield Wednesday Lifestyle What's On More from Sheffield Telegraph Announcements Buy a Photo Directory Jobs Homes Cars Dating Local Guide Public Notices Useful Links Contact Us Advertise My Business Advertise a Job Place your Ad Subscribe © 2017 Johnston Publishing Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Disclaimer Cookies Policy
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity Aircraft Interiors IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Aircraft & Engines > Manufacturers > Airbus 1Q order book takes shape but Boeing dominates Airbus 1Q order book takes shape but Boeing dominates Apr 7, 2017 Mark Nensel EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Related Media Photo Gallery: The first flight of Boeing's 787-10 Advertisement Airbus logged firm orders* for 22 commercial aircraft from six customers in March, following a disappointing February in which the Toulouse-based manufacturer did not report a single new order. Orders for eight A320neos were reportedly canceled during the month, but the customer was unidentified.  The company delivered 62 aircraft to 30 airlines and nine lessors. Meanwhile, Boeing booked firm orders for 124 commercial aircraft from nine unidentified customers and reported cancellations of orders for 17 aircraft (14 737s and three 747s). Boeing delivered 70 aircraft in March to 29 airlines, seven lessors and two unidentified customers. As of the end of the 2017 first quarter, Airbus has a gross total of 26 aircraft on its books for the year, valued at approximately $3.2 billion. Subtracting 20 cancellations so far this year, Airbus’ net total of new orders comes to six new aircraft. Airbus delivered 136 aircraft through March 31, an 8.8% increase over the 125 aircraft the company delivered in the year-ago quarter. On the other hand, Boeing has racked up a gross commercial aircraft order total of 173 aircraft in the 2017 first quarter, valued at approximately $22.2 billion. Subtracting 28 cancellations so far this year, Boeing’s net commercial aircraft order tally totals 145 new aircraft. Through March 31, Boeing delivered 162 aircraft, down 5.3% from the 171 aircraft Boeing delivered in 1Q 2016. Airbus’ largest March orders came from startup South Korean low-cost carrier (LCC) KAIR Airlines, which ordered eight A320ceos valued at $792 million, and Hong Kong-based China Aircraft Leasing Group (CALC), which ordered six A320ceos valued at $594 million. Boeing’s March commercial aircraft orders all came from unidentified customers, the largest of which was a March 31 order for 41 737 MAX aircraft (variant unspecified), valued at approximately $4.5 billion. On March 25, a separate unidentified customer ordered 30 737 MAXs (variant unspecified), valued at approximately $3.3 billion, and on March 14 another unidentified customer ordered eight 777-300ER widebodies, valued at $2.7 billion. Airbus’ major March deliveries included four aircraft to Irish lessor AerCap (two A320neos bound for Brazilian LCC Azul, one A320neo for China Southern Airlines, and one A350-900 for Guadeloupe-based Air Caraibes) and three aircraft each to Singapore-based lessor BOC Aviation (two A320ceos, one of which is bound for Indonesian LCC Citilink, and one A321ceo bound for Finnair); China Southern Airlines (an A320ceo, an A321ceo and an A330-300); UAE-based International Airfinance Corp., lessor to Saudi Arabian Airlines (two A320ceos and an A330-300); and Indonesian LCC Lion Air (all A320ceos bound for its subsidiary Batik Air). Additional March deliveries of A350-900 XWBs included two to Hong Kong-based Cathay Pacific and one each to China Airlines, Lufthansa, Singapore Airlines and Vietnam Airlines. Emirates Airlines and Etihad Airways each took delivery of a single A380 during the month. Ryanair topped Boeing’s March delivery tally with seven aircraft received, all 737-800s. United Airlines took delivery of five 777-300ERs during the month, and Southwest Airlines received four aircraft, all 737-800s. Additionally, Boeing delivered three aircraft each to US-based Air Lease Corp. (all 737-800s); American Airlines (two 737-800s and a 787-8); BOC Aviation (two 737-800s and a 777-300ER); US-Irish lessor GECAS (two 737-800s and a 777-300ER); and Air France LCC subsidiary Transavia (all 737-800s). Additional 787-8 deliveries in March went to Colombia-based Avianca and Ethiopian Airlines. Air Canada, Los Angeles-based lessor International Lease Finance Corp. (ILFC), Japan Airlines, Saudi Arabian Airlines, Virgin Atlantic and an unidentified customer all took delivery of a single 787-9 variant during the month. Emirates Airline and Kuwait Airways each took delivery of two 777-300ERs in March. Additional 777-300ER deliveries during the month went to GECAS, SWISS and an unidentified customer. *Note: ATW does not count military, government or private customer orders or deliveries in its commercial aircraft tallies. All quoted order values are based on current list prices. Mark Nensel mark.nensel@penton.com Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Airbus and Boeing July 2015 O&D roundup   Boeing books $5 billion in February commercial aircraft orders Airbus and Boeing August 2015 O&D Roundup   Airbus, Boeing September commercial aircraft orders top $11.1 billion   Airbus books $1.6 billion in commercial aircraft orders in November   Blogs & Commentary Apr 5, 2017 blog EASA’s safety warning raises most important question on electronic carry-on bans EASA’s safety bulletin issued today warning of the hazards of loading lots of personal electronics in the cargo hold rather than let passengers carry them onboard as usual is really quite damning of the new US and UK security rules....More Apr 4, 2017 blog American places ATW Airline of the Year logo on 968 aircraft American Airlines is having the sort of sticker shock it’s nice to have; the carrier is sticking 2017 ATW Airline of the Year decals on the fuselages of all 968 of its mainline aircraft....More Apr 3, 2017 blog Ban the carry-on ban. And soon The new US and UK electronics carry-on security bans continue to raise questions. But there’s zero evidence that they raise security....More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location Apr 6, 2017 Article AIX Briefs-April 6, 2017 AIX Briefs-April 6, 2017...More Apr 6, 2017 Article AIX 2017: Inmarsat predicts big pick-up in connectivity decisions Inmarsat Aviation president Leo Mondale has predicted an acceleration in airline connectivity decisions, as the latest generation of inflight broadband comes online....More Apr 6, 2017 Article AIX 2017: SITA OnAir CEO says software has vital role in IFEC cutovers As airlines struggle to harmonize their inflight entertainment and connectivity (IFEC) systems across their fleets, software providers will be called upon to bridge the gap, SITA OnAir CEO David Lavorel said....More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad The ultimate zipline: Boeing reveals 40mph system to evacuate astronauts from rockets on Cape Canaveral's launchpad Cables were installed 172 feet above the Space Launch Complex 41 pad deck They can carry up to 20 people, and hit top speeds of 40 mph in just 30 sec Zipline will span 1,340 feet to bring personell to a landing zone in emergency  By Cheyenne Macdonald For Dailymail.com Published: 17:24 EDT, 7 April 2017 | Updated: 17:49 EDT, 7 April 2017 e-mail 8 shares 3 View comments In the case of a launchpad emergency, astronauts with Boeing’s Starliner spacecraft could be sent flying to safety at 40 miles per hour across a 1,340-foot zipline. Cables installed 172 feet above the Space Launch Complex 41 pad deck at Cape Canaveral can carry up to 20 people, and are designed to help personnel quickly evacuate the Crew Access Tower. With this system, which just completed its final test, riders would hit top speed in just 30 seconds, relying on hand brakes or backup springs to slow them down before the landing zone. Scroll down for video  Cables installed 172 feet above the Space Launch Complex 41 pad deck at Cape Canaveral can carry up to 20 people, and are designed to help personnel quickly evacuate the Crew Access Tower BOEING'S SPACE TAXI  The Starliner is part of NASA's operational Commercial Crew mission to bring astronauts to the International Space Station. It will be launched from a United Launch Alliance Atlas V rocket, and manned tests are set to begin in 2018. The missions will be able to take up to four astronauts at a time, with Eric Boe, Bob Behnken, Doug Hurley and Sunni Williams now in training.  In February, it was revealed that Boeing has hired a small company to make about 600 3D-printed parts for its Starliner space taxis. Footage of the test reveals how the exhilarating system might work in a real emergency, as operators strap into the hanging seats and soar one by one toward the landing zone. The four cables would each hold five seats for the transport of 20 personnel, including the ground and flight crews. Boeing is working with United Launch Alliance to get the CST-100 Starliner spacecraft ready for flight in just a few years, and this new milestone marks an important step. Terra-Nova Zipline is now set to install a training system north of the Crew Access Tower to prep the crew before final training on the operational EES. The system will see riders hitting speeds of 40 mph in just 30 seconds as they zip toward the safe landing zone. To control speed and ease into a gentle stop, they can release pressure on the handles. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next How your dog ALWAYS knows where you've hidden the treats:... Were the 'two maidens' of Pompeii really gay lovers? Tests... The knife-wielding robot that can STAB in 60 positions and... The mystery behind THAT blue and black dress is finally... Share this article Share Or, if they forget to brake, each cable is equipped with 30 feet of springs to gradually slow the rider down. ‘Crew safety is paramount, and the ULA Emergency Egress System hits the mark for an effective yet simple system that is adapted from other commercial applications,’ said Chris Ferguson, Boeing director of Starliner Crew and Mission Systems and a former NASA astronaut. ‘We look forward to spaceflight operations next year knowing that every measure to protect the flight and ground crew has been employed.' The Starliner will be launched from a United Launch Alliance Atlas V rocket, and is part of NASA’s operational Commercial Crew mission to bring astronauts to the International Space Station, allowing it to grow to seven residents. Footage of the test reveals how the exhilarating system might work in a real emergency, as operators strap into the hanging seats and soar one by one toward the landing zone. The four cables would each hold five seats for the transport of 20 personnel, including the ground and flight crews The missions will be able to take up to four astronauts at a time, with Eric Boe, Bob Behnken, Doug Hurley and Sunni Williams now in training. And, the manned tests are set to begin in 2018. In January, Boeing unveiled the bright blue spacesuit that astronauts will wear aboard the CST-100 Starliner spacecraft. It is designed to be comfortable while still providing functionality, with the helmet attached to the suit itself, touchscreen-sensitive gloves, and vents to keep the astronauts cooler. The Starliner will be launched from a United Launch Alliance Atlas V rocket, and is part of NASA’s operational Commercial Crew mission to bring astronauts to the International Space Station, allowing it to grow to seven residents Boeing has unveiled the bright blue spacesuit that astronauts will wear aboard the CST-100 Starliner spacecraft. It is designed to be comfortable while still providing functionality, with the helmet attached to the suit itself and touchscreen-sensitive gloves SPACESUITS TODAY The main spacesuits worn for spacewalks are called Extravehicular Mobility Unit, or EMU. But astronauts have a range of other suits they wear for different activities. The Advanced Crew Escape Suit is the orange suit that astronauts wear during launch and landing of the space shuttle. This suit cannot be worn during spacewalks. Sometimes, Nasa astronauts will wear the Russian Orlan spacesuit. This suit is the Russian version of the EMU and is used for spacewalks. Another Russian suit is the Sokol. Like the Advanced Crew Escape Suit, the Sokol is designed only to be used inside a spacecraft. It is used on the Russian Soyuz spacecraft. The 20 pound spacesuit is far lighter than other launch-and-entry suits, and its material allows water vapour to escape while keeping air inside. According to Boeing, the Starliner spacesuit is roughly 40 percent lighter than other suits. But, the trim design still meets NASA’s safety and functionality requirements. ‘The most important part is that the suit will keep you alive,’ astronaut Eric Boe said. ‘It is a lot lighter, more form-fitting and it’s simpler, which is always a good thing.  'Complicated systems have more ways they can break, so simple is better on something like this.’ The new Starliner suit has zippers in the torso and materials in the elbows and knees that will give the astronauts a greater range of movement, and allow them to transition from standing to sitting more easily. It also has a communications headset inside of the helmet, along with a wide visor for better peripheral vision. The new Starliner suit has zippers in the torso and materials in the elbows and knees that will give the astronauts a greater range of movement, and allow them to transition from standing to sitting more easily It also has a communications headset inside of the helmet, along with a wide visor for better peripheral vision. Astronauts have been testing the suit to ensure that it meets all of their needs Astronauts have been testing the suit to ensure that it meets all of their needs, climbing in and out and trying out different positions to simulate work inside of the spacecraft. ‘The spacesuit acts as the emergency backup to the spacecraft’s redundant life support systems,’ said Richard Watson, subsystem manager for spacesuits for NASA’s Commercial Crew Program. ‘If everything goes perfectly on a mission, then you don’t need a spacesuit. It’s like having a fire extinguisher close by in the cockpit. You need it to be effective if it is needed.’  Share or comment on this article e-mail 8 shares Most watched News videos Terrified people flee scene of Stockholm truck attack Police tackle man to the ground moments after terror attack Footage appears to show hangars damaged by US air strike in Syria Fury as female traveller rests her SMELLY feet on coach seat Man missing for months is found in giant hole in woods People run in fear as truck drives into people in Stockholm Emergency services respond to people lying on the ground Girl in India found living with monkeys dubbed Mowgli 2.0 Question Time audience member demands apology from Diane Abbott USS Porter launches Tomahawk missiles at the Al-Shayrat Air Base Trump orders launch of 50 Tomahawk missiles on Syrian airbase Moment USS Ross launches Tomahawk missiles into Syria The moment Stockholm police catch the third beer truck... Is this the rudest backpacker ever? French tourist... Furious Putin calls US airstrikes an 'illegal act of... PIERS MORGAN: Trump was right to bomb Assad. If the evil... Incredible moment teenager walking in the woods shouts... Kremlin tells U.S. it's 'one step from war' as Trump... Family pay tribute to Romanian tourist, 31, 'cruelly... Assad's base in ruins: Dramatic satellite photos reveal... Shocking moment terror suspect is wrestled to floor by... Dear neighbours... sorry about the building work, here's... Shameless Diane Abbott REFUSES to apologise for branding... 'Mowgli girl' found living with monkeys is filmed walking... Baby Charlie's parents sob as court-appointed guardian... How Trump unleashed awesome arsenal on Assad: Tomahawk... What do YOU think this says? Next greetings card has... Jane the Virgin star offered $1.5M A YEAR for weekly sex... Trump at war: White House reveals president's improvised... Why didn’t Putin’s Growlers intercept Trump’s Tomahawks?... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 3 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Were the 'two maidens' of Pompeii really gay lovers? Tests reveal iconic preserved figures found wrapped in... 'Stellar fireworks' sparked by two stars colliding in the Orion constellation are captured in breathtaking... Sophisticated 2,000-year-old Roman settlement is discovered underneath Britain's longest road Earth-like planet is discovered just 219 light years away that experts believe could host ALIEN life From an artificial gravity chamber and a fuel free engine to a Martian airship: NASA funds 22 sci-fi... Uber fires back at Google spinoff in self-driving car case and claims its technology is 'fundamentally... Jupiter shows off its famous Great Red Spot and colourful swirls in a dazzling close-up snapped by Nasa's... How your dog ALWAYS knows where you've hidden the treats: Experiment shows canines can see things from their... Why loving dogs is good for your health: People exposed to pets from an early age are less likely to be... The knife-wielding robot that can STAB in 60 positions and could help solve grisly murders The mystery behind THAT blue and black dress is finally solved: Scientists reveal why some people see it as... Start saving now! SpaceX says its recycled rocket will help it blast humans to Mars for $200,000 a ticket... Put that eggplant away! App reveals which emoji to use to make sure you bag yourself a date online Adult theme parks where you can get drunk and shoot robots, digital drugs and spray on clothes: Tech firm... McDonald's encourages wannabe employees to apply via SNAPCHAT MORE HEADLINES Were the 'two maidens' of Pompeii really gay lovers? Tests reveal iconic preserved figures found wrapped in a poignant embrace after deadly volcano are both MEN The mystery behind THAT blue and black dress is finally solved: Scientists reveal why some people see it as white and gold - and it's all to do with what time you wake up Earth-like planet is discovered just 219 light years away that experts believe could host ALIEN life Adult theme parks where you can get drunk and shoot robots, digital drugs and spray on clothes: Tech firm reveals its vision of life in 2050 Jupiter shows off its famous Great Red Spot and colourful swirls in a dazzling close-up snapped by Nasa's Hubble Telescope 'Stellar fireworks' sparked by two stars colliding in the Orion constellation are captured in breathtaking photographs How your dog ALWAYS knows where you've hidden the treats: Experiment shows canines can see things from their owner's perspective Start saving now! SpaceX says its recycled rocket will help it blast humans to Mars for $200,000 a ticket (although you may die) He's hungry for success! Man attempts new internet world record of 18 MILLION re-tweets for a year's free supply of chicken nuggets From an artificial gravity chamber and a fuel free engine to a Martian airship: NASA funds 22 sci-fi proposals that could ‘expand how we explore the universe’ From a moon that looks like the Death Star to a happy face on Mars: Hilarious photos show the funnier side of space travel Bob Ross as you've never seen him before: Psychedelic clip shows painter through the eyes of Google's DeepDream neural network Google introduces new global fact-checking tag to help filter 'fake news' Would you hop aboard? Bizarre concept shows a multi-person motorcycle the size of a city BUS Would you eat from a plate made of POO? Italy's 'S**t Museum' turns manure into Tuscan pottery MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today Mama June shocks by dropping into Sugar Bear's wedding after massive weight loss effort in dramatic From Not to Hot finale Made a grand entrance  Caitlyn Jenner admits regrets in new Diane Sawyer interview... after admitting the Kardashians have frozen her out Opening up Making the beach her runway! Cindy Crawford wows in white and mint bikini while frolicking in St. Barts She's currently on vacation with her family Cindy Crawford's model daughter Kaia Gerber sports lilac bikini as she enjoys a dip in St Barths Hung out at the beach with her mom and dad Family tradition! Jessa, Jill and Jinger Duggar reveal the nostalgic thing they did to their wedding dresses to remind them of their mother It's not just beaches! From canyons to nature reserves, why Los Angeles has the best outdoor spaces  SPONSORED Bringing the glam! Johnny Depp's ex Amber Heard cuts a sophisticated figure as she leads the stars at benefit gala in LA Sported a bow tie 'New hair, who dis?' Zoe Kravitz debuts brand new pixie cut on Instagram after chopping off all her hair One snap showed her braids on the tile floor Date night! Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley shows off her growing baby bump in LBD after dinner with fiance Jason Statham Expecting her first child  Renee Zellweger is practically unrecognizable as she ditches the blonde for brunette in Same Kind Of Different As Me teaser Making a splash! Courteney Cox, 52, looks sensational in black bikini as she hits the waves in the Bahamas The actress was looking better than ever 'What's better than sweats?' Britney Spears gets comfortable in a cropped T-shirt and shows off her impressive abs and cheeky tattoos Misty mornings, dreamy sunsets and picture-perfect cocktails: 12 Instagram photos that perfectly capture the LA vibe SPONSORED From the spa to the slopes? Lena Dunham emerges from a holistic health session in a ski-themed sweater Spotted looking fresh faced The apple of their eye! Claire Danes and husband Hugh Dancy hold hands with son Cyrus during nature hike The family was spotted enjoying the sun Jenna Jameson shares first picture of newborn baby girl after welcoming third child at 42... and reveals her VERY unusual name Tot weighed in at 8lbs  They're in paradise! Sleepy Hollow star Lyndie Greenwood shows off bikini body during romantic getaway to Los Cabos with beau Ben Jamieson 'My fellas!': Jurnee Smollett-Bell shares first photo of 5-month-old son Hunter with husband Josiah Bell Welcomed in November Gabrielle Union dons vibrant canary yellow parachute pants and avian-inspired embroidered coat for night out with husband Dwyane Wade Carrie Fisher's brother confirms Princess Leia WILL appear in Star Wars Episode IX... which will be released three years after her death Not using CGI 'Mom and dad co-parenting': Kourtney Kardashian insists she's NOT back with Scott Disick after Hawaii trip as she gets lunch with Kim and Khloe Travel buddies! Katherine Heigl shares sweet snap of her smiling baby boy while waiting to board flight to LA Her flight was delayed Guardian of the gal-waxy! Zoe Saldana unveils her waxwork at Madame Tussauds in Hollywood Joined by her husband, mother and grandmother She's a knockout! Brooke Burke shows off svelte abs as she squares up to a punch bag Wore a red sports bra and slouchy grey pants She rocks! Megan Fox dons ripped jeans and large crystal for shopping jaunt in Malibu Wore a large stone, which appeared to be an amethyst 'THIS is 41!' Candace Cameron Bure's trainer reveals how she helped the star sculpt chiseled abs and a toned body that put people half her age 'to shame' Just SEVEN ads ran on Bill O'Reilly's show after nearly 60 companies boycotted it following sex harassment claims against the host - but ratings didn't suffered Love's young dream: Billie Lourd and Taylor Lautner enjoy kisses in the sea on romantic getaway to St Barts  Carrie Fisher's daughter and her Twilight beau Orange Is The New Black's Diane Guerrero flaunts her fabulous physique in tropical swimsuit while puckering up to mystery man in Miami 'A 100% successful transplant': Danny Masterson shares photo of wife Bijou Phillips with her kidney donor after life-saving surgery She's now recovering Bella Thorne flaunts her bikini body on Instagram for World Health Day... after claiming she was depressed Hid her face The incredible shrinking man! Jonah Hill shows off major weight loss as he grabs lunch in LA with gal pal  Ventured out for a bite with a friend That's how she does it! Kelly Bensimon shows how she gets her ageless bikini bod as she packs a punch  The 48-year-old returned to New York on Friday This is 33! Mandy Moore celebrates her birthday early with boyfriend Taylor Goldsmith and pals at Disneyland Happiest Place On Earth Gerard Butler sports unkempt beard and cable knit jumper as he continues shooting new film Keeper in Scotland Looked different from his usual dapper self Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful in leopard-print dress as she joins Jasmine Tookes and Olivia Palermo at fragrance luncheon Something to tell us? Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle reveals she is shutting down her lifestyle blog after three years, while romance with royal heats up First ladies Melania Trump and Peng Liyuan  interviewed by student journalists and pupils sing about empowering women as the pair bond at Palm Beach school  Big Little Frappe! Reese Witherspoon picks up an iced coffee after sweating it out at yoga Filled up with a big cream topped Frappe 'It brought her to tears': 'Emotional Cheryl touched' after Ashley Cole wished her and Liam Payne 'only happiness' following the birth of their first child New Game Of Thrones costumes for highly anticipated seventh season revealed in HBO promo The next season doesn't air until July Stephen Belafonte is barred from distributing any Mel B sex tapes as she claims the 'nanny he got pregnant is holding them hostage and is still on his payroll' Black to basics! Kim Kardashian embraces her dark side as she flashes sideboob in busty bodysuit for lunch outing Met up with her sisters Fun in the sun! Kevin Hart treats wife and two kids to island vacation after wrapping film, The Untouchables The actor put his muscular abs on display Gordon Ramsay reflects on close friendship with David Beckham and insists that their children will never be romantically involved Cheat day! Khloe Kardashian flashes her bra in sheer top as she digs into 200 calorie frozen yogurt cone after dieting down to 128lbs Went from a size 12 to 4 Simon Cowell reveals 'incredible' Mel B is 'under pressure but in a good place'... in light of nasty split from ex Stephen Belafonte She filed for divorce Don't start believin! Steve Perry will NOT perform with former band Journey at Rock And Roll Hall Of Fame induction Fans were excited 'I'm a happily married man!': Alec Baldwin clarifies when he said he fell in love with Tina Fey he meant he fell in love with her 'talent' Didn't hold back Hair raising! Sarah Michelle Gellar styles her tresses in eye-catching updo as she promotes new cookbook Turns 40 next Friday Ivanka Trump gushes over Arabella and Joseph serenading Xi Jinping and his wife in Mandarin during the Chinese president's meeting with Donald  Comfort first! Rihanna makes fashion faux pas wearing socks and sandals at LAX after Japan trip She made a surprising fashion choice Bad hair day! Ashlee Simpson is nearly unrecognizable with wild blonde locks after a workout in LA The star seemed to have left her comb at home Spring break: Pink keeps her post-baby body under wraps while in Mexico as she shares a snap of four-month old Jameson Family vacation 'That image was taken to represent some kind of sexual misconduct': Cuba Gooding explains how playful moment with Sarah Paulson was twisted 'They ARE supportive!': Jordan Rodgers' fiancée JoJo Fletcher gushed about his family just hours before outcast Aaron split from Olivia Munn Glow on the go! Kate Bosworth looks radiant as she touches down after cross country flight The 34-year-old star looked fresh faced when she arrived Friday Kim Zolciak and Brielle accuse Flywheel of 'fat-shaming' their chef, claiming the company refused to let them film there, because the staffer is overweight Little People, Big World's Amy Roloff opens up about ex-husband's 'hurtful' new relationship with family confidante Vents about the romance Mike 'The Situation' Sorrentino from Jersey Shore hit with tax evasion charge that could send him to prison while awaiting trial for not reporting $8.9m earnings Bling it on! Kanye West is launching a jewelry line... and his wife Kim Kardashian has already been modeling the chunky gold pieces for months Who needs Mar-a-lago? Marla Maples practices yoga at Villa Borghese in Rome Filming segment for the Italian version of DWTS  'She had black eye and bruising everywhere': Sharon Osbourne speaks out on '10 years of physical and mental abuse Mel B suffered at hands of husband' Mel B sports floral print midi-dress as she step out in Hollywood... after her lawyers 'win court order' barring estranged Stephen Belafonte from releasing sex tapes Exes Iggy Azalea and Nick Young list Tarzana mansion for $3.6M... after rapper reveals she now lives in a 'regular' house Broke up in June 2016 Mel B claims her husband made her join in threesomes and got the nanny pregnant... but now he's set to hit back with explosive claims of his own The A-Z of Pippa's big day: Carole's the party planner. Naughty Uncle Gary IS invited, but Harry's Meghan WON'T be there Society event Sexy Cindy! Ms Crawford, 51, poses TOPLESS on the beach while modeling 'mom jeans' after flaunting her bikini body in St Barts Put snap on Instagram Going on a beer run! Makeup-free Anne Hathaway joins husband Adam Shulman as they pick up a pack of craft brew from LA grocery store Jane the Virgin star offered $1.5M A YEAR for weekly sex romps with NHL owner she says in police report that claims married father grew obsessed with her From Rihanna's new jewelry collaboration with Chopard to Harley Viera-Newton's line of dresses, we reveal the fashions we're loving this week Singer Ricky Martin has been cast as Gianni Versace's lover Antonio D'Amico in Ryan Murphy's Versace: American Crime Story Murdered 20 years ago Holland Taylor, 74, looks youthful in sporty gear as she legs it around town without girfriend Sarah Paulson  She's celebrating 50 years in showbiz  'Sometimes I feel like I can't get out of bed': Olympic gymnast Aly Raisman on competing while battling debilitating periods Aiming for 2020 games Photos offer a rare look at Andy Warhol and his Factory friends prowling around the streets of New York City in the 1960s Artist died in 1987 Hotting up! Sofia Vergara covers up in just a bedsheet as she films racy scene with co-star Karl Urban for new movie Bent in Italy She plays ruthless agent Olivia Munn and Aaron Rodgers 'break up after three years'... amid claims the sexy actress was at the center of NFL star's family feud  Shocking revelations Nautical and nice! Age-defying Elizabeth Hurley, 51, sizzles as she flaunts her busty assets and enviably toned midriff in TINY string bikini 'Thanks for greatest proposal ever!': Emma Stone responds to teen's La La Land-inspired prom request adding he resembles Ryan Gosling She's a new Girl! Lena Dunham twirls in vintage designer dress just like supermodel Naomi Campbell... before donning her jeans for an outing 'Whoa u shady!': Chrissy Teigen responds in awe after children's character Arthur ribs 'look-alike' John Legend over his yellow top on Twitter Is a healthy MIND key to a toned body? Khloe Kardashian's Revenge Body trainer reveals her simple tips to get in top shape (and it's all down to mental wellbeing!) Mama June reveals daughter Honey Boo Boo has dropped 7lbs as family join in weight loss effort Alana, 11, inspired by mom's makeover EXCLUSIVE: Kellyanne Conway's mom defends her father Jimmy 'the Brute' DiNatale, saying nickname was earned because of his strength NOT his Mafia ties  Indecent exposure! Bella Hadid flashes naked hips as she pulls down sweatpants to reveal SHEER bodysuit in move that leaves fans gawking in NYC Following in her big sister's footsteps: Pippa Middleton steps out in a sweater and skinny jeans just a day after Kate opted for a near identical outfit  Kylie Jenner slashes price of luxury 'starter home' by ANOTHER $300K to $3.3M The 5-bedroom house was first listed for $3.9M in June last year 'I can't wait to see him as James Bond': Oscar winning writer John Ridley lets slip Idris Elba is set for iconic 007 role He would be first black actor to play secret agent 'He stuck with me!' Meghan Trainor reveals she couldn't talk for three months after vocal surgery... so her boyfriend learned sign language Mel B 'has changed divorce petition to request permanent sole custody of daughter Madison' amid feud with estranged husband Stephen Belafonte  Beret quirky! Rita Ora rocks mismatched striped shirt and joggers ensemble as she heads to the studio to record new music in London Axed ANTM host Adele's 2011 hit album 21 makes history as longest-charting album by a woman on Billboard 200... beating Carole King's classic Tapestry Its 319th week on chart 'Can we watch something else?': Adam Sandler admits daughters don't like his movies The 50-year-old actor sat down with Ellen  BREAKING NEWS: Stage and screen actor Tim Pigott-Smith has died aged 70  British star best known for 1984 mini-series The Jewel in the Crown Crop of the morning! Scout Willis shows off her taut waist in sports bra and shorts after hitting the gym Bruce and Demi's 25-year-old daughter Riding on! Alec Baldwin's son Rafael is in the driving seat as the two head out for coffee with mom Hilaria It's been another eventful week for Baldwin clan Supermodel Joan Smalls cups her bountiful assets as she shows off sensational figure while bathing in a Jamaican pool for swimwear campaign 'There is nothing more fun than playing ridiculous comedic villains': Smurfs actor Rainn Wilson reveals what it's like to be the bad guy  Newly-single Kylie Jenner 'in the midst of a love triangle as two rappers vie for her attention'... following split from long-term beau Tyga Rosie And Her Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat: Pregnant supermodel Huntington-Whiteley covers growing bump as she heads to a meeting in New York Here comes the hotstepper: Kate Upton shows off a series of bizarre moves as she competes against Jimmy Fallon in hilarious dance-off Auditioning for Baywatch? Heidi Klum models very sexy red bikini as she races through the ocean with her daughter Lou in Turks And Caicos EXCLUSIVE: Housewives Sheree Whitfield, Jill Zarin, Joanna Krupa and Gretchen Rossi to star in new SITCOM portraying washed up reality stars  Kimmel pays emotional tribute to master of insults Don Rickles as footage is released of comedian's final TV project after he passed away aged 90 'Happy Friday!' Geri Horner shows off trim stomach just TWO MONTHS after giving birth as she kicks off her weekend in social media video Lord Snowdon's former mistress and their now teenage lovechild join Queen  Elizabeth at thanksgiving service in memory of the late photographer  Pippa Middleton 'BANS sexy model Vogue Williams from attending her wedding'... despite her dating groom James Matthews' brother Spencer Splish splash! Kaia Gerber and father Rande swim in the surf during their  family vacation to St Barts Cindy Crawford's model daughter  Gigi Hadid makes low-key appearance in Paris as she ditches her usual catwalk glam for a casual pair of mom jeans and biker boots Still looked stylish Paquin a punch: True Blood's Anna goes completely naked to romp with Downton Abbey star Allen Leech in Canadian drama Bellevue Eyes up here! Courtney Stodden flashes lots of flesh in plunging tank top and skin tight skirt at LA bash Partying at 1OAK  in West Hollywood 'The lies!' Kandi Burruss bawls at Porsha Williams over 'rapist' claim in wild sneak peek of RHOA reunion Ultimate showdown 'You should get her number Mel': Irish model Holly Carpenter reveals singer's 'creepy' ex husband Stephen Belafonte invited her to one of their parties Willing and Abel? Leggy Selena Gomez attempts to keep a  low profile as she and The Weeknd slip out of Hollywood hotspot on romantic date night  'I feel unsafe': Former Savage Garden singer Darren Hayes says he worries about holding hands with husband Richard Cullen 'in public situations'  Kim Kardashian's famous sex tape with Ray J has netted '$100million since its release TEN years ago' The homemade video made her a star I'll be there for you! Courteney Cox hugs her daughter Coco as they return to LA from Florida break... following the youngster's music video debut Game Of Thrones' Nathalie Emmanuel teams animal print top with asymmetric mini skirt as she heads to Jimmy Kimmel show  British beauty stunned 'I hated THAT diet, it was torture': Action star Jai Courtney reveals how he stays buff in Hollywood including his strict diet for Terminator Genisys Model Charlotte McKinney shows off her ample cleavage in a low-cut top and high-rise jeans as she stops to buy gas in Los Angeles Busy running errands Top table! Jared and Ivanka are seated beside Chinese First Lady at Mar-A-Lago dinner after flying in with their Mandarin-speaking kids for summit  Scheana Shay wears cleavage baring LBD as she steps out for first time since revealing struggle with anorexia Admitted to suffering from the disorder 'You've always been a b****: Newly slim Mama June is confronted by Sugar Bear's fiancée in From Not to Hot finale teaser Pending nuptials Painting the town red! Freida Pinto dazzles in scarlet pant suit and sexy lace cami as she promotes new TV series Guerrilla in London What's going on here? Bella Hadid spotted exiting a car with Australian model Jordan Barrett... after unfollowing ex The Weeknd on Instagram Fully booked (and clothed)! Brooke Burke wears jumper and jeans to signing after going topless at beach She attended the event fully clothed 'My amazing grandmother saved Jews from Hitler': Prince Charles reveals how the Duke of Edinburgh's mother took in a Jewish family in WWII 'I've aged, so my face has thinned out a little bit': Kim Zolciak explains her changing looks... but still insists she never had a nose job Former RHOA star Hot metal! Jennifer Lopez wows as she flashes ample cleavage in plunging silver tank top The star, 47, wowed in the stunning number He doesn't know where to look! Prince Harry chuckles as he meets physio wearing just underwear to learn about sports injuries ahead of Invictus Games Purple reign! Beaming Princess Beatrice wears a bold mini dress to take to the stage in New York  Looked comfortable talking to the crowd 'I was the girl version of Macaulay Culkin': Busy Philipps shares adorable throwback image... after glam appearance at Fashion LA awards Kiss in the city! Sarah Jessica Parker locks lips with Divorce co-star Thomas Haden Church on set in NYC Pair play couple going through a divorce Sheer delight! Katy Perry flashes flesh in see-through top for stunning arrival at Chanel dinner She showed off her platinum 'do Queen Letizia of Spain looks stylish in top-to-toe teal as she and King Felipe board a bullet train with the Japanese Emperor and Empress 'This angel is absolutely perfect': Million Dollar Listing star Josh Altman and wife Heather welcome baby daughter Alexis Tot weighed in at 7lbs Still got the Baywatch bod! Kelly Rohrbach gives a peek of her taut stomach as she stretches in cropped sweater during lunch in Los Angeles She's got great jeans! Khloe Kardashian parades bodacious behind in black tracksuit on way to her Good American denim warehouse Leg-endary! Kim Kardashian praises fan who got her and husband Kanye West's names tattooed on each thigh Tatts-too much! Peep show! Lea Michele flashes her cleavage and midriff in lace up bodysuit during photo shoot inside recording studio Showing some skin The color purple! Jennifer Hudson draws stares as she flaunts wares in tight dress at Sandy Wexler premiere Looked vibrant in the stunning outfit 'It's very scary': Expecting dad Zach Roloff reveals baby son may be a dwarf in Little People, Big World teaser Reveals his secret heartache Billie Lourd joins cast of American Horror Story season seven about 2016 US election starring Sarah Paulson  Carrie Fisher's 24-year-old daughter  'He called me up to the front of the stage': Cindy Santana gushes about the moment husband legendary musician Carlos proposing to her live on stage Leading ladies! Karlie Kloss shows off flawless figure in metallic number as Allison Williams stuns in off-the-shoulder dress at DVF Awards Flirty Sofia indulges in some very sexy dance moves with handsome producer Andrea Iervolino as she displays her curves in a very busty lace dress Mad for fashion! Christina Hendricks dons splashy and colorful ensemble at LA play opening Always knows how to grab attention  Safety first! Padma Lakshmi holds hands with adorable daughter Krishna while crossing street in NYC Stunned in a chic winter ensemble Juggling act: Paris Hilton clutches pooch Diamond Baby while hand-in-hand with new beau Chris Zylka on shopping trip in LA Romance going strong An historic moment! Taylor Swift wins bid to have movie mogul Goldwyn's mansion designated landmark (and can now apply for tax relief) 'I'm literally going to throw up!': Fans go wild as One Direction's Harry Styles debuts first solo single Sign Of The Times It's been a long time coming  Proud mom Jessa Duggar shares snap of two-month old son Henry taking his 'first steps' Welcomed their son Henry on February 6 Forever on vacation! Gwyneth Paltrow enjoys freshly squeezed juice and stunning views while on extended vacation in Mexico Relaxed lifestyle Little Mix singer Jade Thirlwall 'forgets to wear a bra' as she jokingly draws attention to her assets while sporting a cheekily designed t-shirt 'Boys' night out': David Beckham enjoys dinner date with sons Romeo and Cruz as they dine out in style in LA Has focused on family since email furor Charlie Sheen shares fun throwback image from 1987 film No Man's Land featuring Brad Pitt as an extra Sheen was on the cusp of superstardom Sparkle and shine! Kate Bosworth dazzles in clingy off-the-shoulder dress at DVF Awards Oozed glitz and glamor in an off-the-shoulder and fitted dress 'I'd prefer to have sex than die': Ed Sheeran confirms he is not killed off during 'five minute' role on GOT... after filming surprise cameo for fan Maisie Williams Hayden Panettiere all smiles while catching departing flight at Los Angeles airport in chic double denim Pulled off the double denim look 'Did you say ninja?!' Mark Hamill voices Han Solo to perfection in Bad Lip Reading of Star Wars The Force Awakens Tribute to Carrie Fisher 'Being boujee!': Khloe and Kourtney Kardashian treat themselves to caviar facials inside an oxygen bubble Unusual treatment No Blindspot here! Jaimie Alexander dons chic spectacles and sky-high heels for New York Moves Power Women Forum in NYC Business attire Streaming stars! Adam Sandler suits up for premiere of new Netflix comedy Sandy Wexler featuring wife Jackie Escorted his wife and co-star Jackie The pact is strong! Reese Witherspoon poses with Nicole Kidman, Shailene Woodley and their Big Little Lies castmembers in throwback snap Proving them wrong! Hailey Baldwin lets denim jacket slip off her shoulder to reveal svelte frame... after addressing pregnancy rumors Retail therapy at Barneys Plotting his return? Reclusive Richard Simmons signs lucrative new global licensing deal that suggests he may soon high-kick his way out of hiding 'The teepee goes into the peepee': Anne Hathaway's parenting chat on Ellen with Colossal co-star Jason Sudeikis takes hilarious turn They sure like to show their bodies off! Kristin Cavallari flaunts chest and legs during shoot... after sharing naked photo of husband Jay Cutler Iskra Lawrence flaunts her enviable curves in a demure floral jumpsuit for the DVF Awards in New York Cut a demure figure at the DVF Awards Lily Collins shows off her svelte figure in colorful blazer and mini skirt at Chanel dinner Paired her outfit with a black lace top and peep-toe sandal heels Chris Evans reunites with Gifted co-stars McKenna Grace and Octavia Spencer at NYC screening Posed at a screening of his new film Gifted This boy is on fire! Alicia Keys and Swizz Beatz's two-year-old tot Genesis shows off impressive musical instincts Keeping a beat From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Non-stop London to Sydney flights 'possible within five years' thanks to new aircraft from Airbus and Boeing, says Qantas, with tickets for UK to Perth direct on sale this month 163 comments 2 videos Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Saturday 08 Apr 2017 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment Tech start-up Zunum Aero pursues development of hybrid-electric aircraft By Gulli Arnason in Air and Travel · April 7, 2017 Kirkland, Washington-based Zunum Aero is developing regional hybrid-electric aircraft for the early 2020s, offering unmatched speeds and reduced costs for flights from 700 miles at launch, to over 1,000 miles by 2030, the company said. Zunum Aero´s 10 – 50 seat aircraft are designed to enable frequent service to the US network of over 5,000 underutilized regional and general aviation airports, and to offer fast and affordable electric air travel. Zunum Aero is three years into development. The company has also been actively engaged with the FAA since 2014 to drive development of certification standards for electric aircraft. Zunum Aero is backed by Boeing (NYSE: BA) through its Boeing HorizonX innovation cell, and JetBlue Technology Ventures, a subsidiary of JetBlue Airways (NASDAQ: JBLU). In addition, Zunum has a long-term partnership with the Center for Power Optimization of Electro-Thermal Systems, an NSF Engineering Research Center at the University of Illinois, and a network of collaborators across leading universities and government labs. Boeing is an aerospace company and manufacturer of commercial jetliners and defense, space, and security systems. The company supports airlines and US and allied government customers in 150 countries. Boeing products and tailored services include commercial and military aircraft, satellites, weapons, electronic and defense systems, launch systems, advanced information and communication systems, and performance-based logistics and training. JetBlue Technology Ventures, a wholly-owned subsidiary of JetBlue (NASDAQ: JBLU) located in Silicon Valley, California, invests in, incubates, and partners with early stage startups. The company prioritizes investments that advance the customer-centric journey; technology empowered customer service; the future of operations and maintenance; revenue management, sales & distribution; and new regional transport ecosystems. Zunum Aero is building a family of commercial hybrid-to-electric aircraft designed for regional transit, and powered by quiet range-optimized powertrain and propulsion technologies. The company´s vision is to develop 1,000-mile electric air networks to bring fast and affordable travel to every community. Related posts Flight dispatchers, Atlas Air, Polar Air Cargo reach tentative agreement April 8, 2017 Negotiators with the Teamsters Airline Division have announced that a tentative agreement has been reached... Boeing invests in tech companies via new group HorizonX April 8, 2017 The Boeing Company (NYSE: BA) has invested in two early-stage technology companies through the ventures... Mayo Aviation partners with PWI to install LED lighting on King Air aircraft April 7, 2017 Mayo Aviation, Inc., a private jet management company with a complete in-house 145 repair station,... PASSUR hires new Senior VP – Airports and Business Aviation April 7, 2017 PASSUR Aerospace, Inc. (OTC: PSSR) has announced that Douglas (Doug) Hofsass has joined the company... Oaktree, Connor Capital form HPN Aviation to operate, improve Westchester County Airport April 7, 2017 Funds managed by Oaktree Capital Management, L.P. (Oaktree) and Connor Capital have formed the HPN... Leave a comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « Volaris reports passenger growth of 8% for March 2017 SES signs capacity deals with Gogo to meet inflight connectivity demand in North America » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 April 2017 M T W T F S S « Mar       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2017 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Saturday 08 Apr 2017 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment Plano, Texas site selected for Boeing Global Services headquarters By Gulli Arnason in Air and Travel · April 7, 2017 Boeing [NYSE: BA] has selected the Legacy West mixed-use development in West Plano, Texas, for the headquarters of its new Global Services business unit, which will be operational in July, the company said. Global Services President and CEO Stan Deal, several of his leadership team members, and some support staff will be located at the site, which will serve as a central hub for approximately 20,000 employees located around the globe. Boeing selected the greater Dallas area because it is centrally located within Boeing´s US footprint, has good proximity to major operations for commercial customers and defense partners, and serves as a transportation hub that will allow the company to reach customers quickly and efficiently. Global Services integrates the services capabilities of the defense, space and commercial sectors into a single, customer-focused business. Operating as a third business unit of Boeing, Global Services will provide services to commercial and defense customers worldwide. The Boeing Company, together with its subsidiaries, designs, develops, manufactures, sells, services, and supports commercial jetliners, military aircraft, satellites, missile defense, human space flight, and launch systems and services worldwide. Related posts Flight dispatchers, Atlas Air, Polar Air Cargo reach tentative agreement April 8, 2017 Negotiators with the Teamsters Airline Division have announced that a tentative agreement has been reached... Boeing invests in tech companies via new group HorizonX April 8, 2017 The Boeing Company (NYSE: BA) has invested in two early-stage technology companies through the ventures... Mayo Aviation partners with PWI to install LED lighting on King Air aircraft April 7, 2017 Mayo Aviation, Inc., a private jet management company with a complete in-house 145 repair station,... PASSUR hires new Senior VP – Airports and Business Aviation April 7, 2017 PASSUR Aerospace, Inc. (OTC: PSSR) has announced that Douglas (Doug) Hofsass has joined the company... Oaktree, Connor Capital form HPN Aviation to operate, improve Westchester County Airport April 7, 2017 Funds managed by Oaktree Capital Management, L.P. (Oaktree) and Connor Capital have formed the HPN... Leave a comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « Air Incheon awards B737-400 passenger-to-freighter conversion contract to PEMCO Sentient Jet expands travel services for 2017 Kentucky Derby » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 April 2017 M T W T F S S « Mar       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2017 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.
Sections Watchlist Signup • Login Search Home Latest News Markets Personal Finance Retirement Investing FA Center Economy & Politics Real Estate Quotes Video SectorWatch Profile Settings Email & Alerts Watchlist Games Bulletin US Europe Asia FX Rates Futures Range 1D 5D 1M 3M 6M 1Y 2Y Dow 20,656.10 -6.85 -0.03% S&P 500 2,355.54 -1.95 -0.08% Nasdaq 5,877.81 -1.14 -0.02% GlobalDow 2,680.49 -1.89 -0.07% Gold 1,256.10 2.80 0.22% Oil 52.29 0.59 1.14% S&P 500 Movers(%) VMC 3.9 INCY 3.4 FMC 3.1 QRVO 2.9 UA -3.2 KMX -2.6 COG -2.3 NRG -2.1 Latest NewsAll Times Eastern 04/07 Updated Millions of Americans are desperate to trade part-time work for full-time 04/07 Updated This is why Dutch kids are much happier than American children 04/07 Updated A pro baseball stadium in Seattle just put toasted grasshoppers on the menu 04/07 Syria Strikes: Does Trump Need Approval from Congress? 04/07 Stockholm Truck Attack Leaves Several Dead 04/07 Trump names Kevin Hassett as White House’s chief economist 04/07 Neurological drug developer Biohaven files for initial public offering 04/07 Action plan drawn up on U.S.-China trade, Commerce’s Ross says 04/07 Updated U.S. households will soon have as much debt as they had in 2008 04/07 Updated The Moneyologist: I signed away my $500,000 inheritance when I was a child — what can I do? to be replaced Welcome to your new quote page We're hard at work to transition all ticker pages to this new look and feel. Have questions or concerns? Please email us at mwfeedback@marketwatch.com. Learn about the new look … or Dismiss this message Home Investing Quotes Stocks United States GS Stock Screener Earnings Calendar Sectors NYSE GS U.S.: NYSE Join TD Ameritrade Find a Broker Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Watchlist CreateGSAlert After Hours Last Updated: Apr 7, 2017 7:55 p.m. $ 227.61 -0.27 -0.12% After Hours Volume: 17.4K Close Chg Chg % $227.88 -0.76 -0.33% Advanced Charting 1D 5D 1M 3M 6M YTD 1Y 3Y All $ % Vol 73.72% vs Avg. Volume: 2.8M 65 Day Avg. - 3.8M Open: 226.60 Close: 227.88 226.23 Day Low/High 228.83 Day Range 138.20 52 Week Low/High 255.15 Your Watchlist Customize MarketWatch Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started. Create Account … or Log In Symbol Last Chg Chg % No Items in Watchlist There are currently no items in this Watchlist. Add Ticker to Watchlist (Go to Your Watchlist) No Saved Watchlists Create a list of the investments you want to track. Create Watchlist …or try this starter list Uh oh Something went wrong while loading Watchlist. Go to Watchlist Recently Viewed Tickers No Recent Tickers Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here. Search Tickers Overview Profile News Charts Financials Historical Quotes Analyst Estimates Options SEC Filings Insiders Key Data Open $226.60 Market Cap $90.56B Shares Outstanding 398.38M Public Float 370.86M Beta 1.35 Rev. per Employee $1.06M P/E Ratio 13.93 EPS $16.36 Yield 1.14% Dividend $0.65 Exercise Dividend Date Feb 28, 2017 Short Interest 4.34M 03/15/17 % of Float Shorted 1.17% Average Volume 3.85M Performance 5 Day -0.80% 1 Month -8.25% 3 Month -6.95% YTD -4.83% 1 Year 51.64% Recent News MarketWatch Other Dow Jones How golfer Greg Norman became a one-man conglomerate Apr. 7, 2017 at 4:47 p.m. ET by Jason Notte Wal-Mart, Boeing's stocks doing the heavy lifting as Dow struggles to end week higher The Dow Jones Industrial Average's tentative afternoon gain on Friday was being almost entirely supported by a rise in shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and Boeing Co. Combined, Wal-Mart and Boeing's share gains were adding about 16 points to the blue-chip index , which was aiming for a close in positive territory for the day and week. However, Goldman Sach Group's 0.7% decline was helping to drag the gauge lower, cutting about 10 points from the price-weighted benchmark. Meanwhile, the S&P 500 index was up less than a point at 2,357, and the Nasdaq Composite Index was trading flat at 5,881. Cautious trading Friday comes as disappointing March employment data and President Donald Trump's late Thursday airstrike against Syria weigh heavily on investor sentiment. Trump also is holding diplomatic talks with his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping in Mar-a-lago, Fla., which is being closely followed for signs of geopolitical tensions. The U.S. strike against Syria and jobs report initially knocked stocks around but the market has shown an uncanny degree of resilience, hovering in the green, however slight. Apr. 7, 2017 at 12:57 p.m. ET by Mark DeCambre 4 things to know about the Okta IPO Apr. 7, 2017 at 11:16 a.m. ET by Caitlin Huston Tesla will win out in the end because it’s following the Amazon model Apr. 6, 2017 at 12:26 p.m. ET by Tim Mullaney White House’s Cohn backs return to Glass-Steagall law: report Apr. 6, 2017 at 10:51 a.m. ET by Greg Robb Deutsche Bank close to $8.5 billion stock sale Deutsche Bank AG was closing in on a successful $8.5 billion share sale Thursday, the final day for investors to opt in to a capital-raising long seen as necessary to put the German lender on firm financial footing, according to people familiar with the matter. Apr. 6, 2017 at 8:04 a.m. ET by MarketWatch.com Goldman Sachs's shares, up 1%, contributing about 15 points to Dow's early climb Goldman Sachs's shares, up 1%, contributing about 15 points to Dow's early climb Apr. 5, 2017 at 9:34 a.m. ET by Mark DeCambre Hedge funds may reap windfall after ruling on BofA mortgage bonds Apr. 4, 2017 at 8:21 p.m. ET by Serena Ng President Trump’s top four advisers collectively worth up to $1.9 billion Apr. 1, 2017 at 7:43 a.m. ET by Rebecca Ballhaus Dow's Q1 rally fueled mostly by Apple and Boeing, which offset Chevron's and Goldman's drag With about an hour left in the session, the stocks of Apple Inc. and Boeing Co. can be thanked the most for the Dow Jones Industrial Average's rally for the first three months of 2017, as they accounted for more than one-third of the Dow's 918-point gain for the quarter. Apple's stock rose $27.93, or 24%, during the quarter, to add about 191 points to the Dow, while and Boeing shares climbed $21.50, or 14%, to boost the Dow by 147 points. Rounding out the top 5, 3M Co. added 89 points to the Dow, Home Depot Inc. tacked on 87 points and Visa Inc. added 76 points. The biggest loser was Chevron Corp.'s stock which fell $10.33, or 8.8%, during the quarter to shave 71 points off the Dow. The next-biggest drag was Goldman Sachs Group Inc. shares , which shed $9.67, or 4%, to lower the Dow by 66 points. In all, 23 of the 30 Dow components contributed to the Dow's gain. Mar. 31, 2017 at 3:12 p.m. ET by Tomi Kilgore Stock market closes higher on bank-led gains after positive economic data Mar. 30, 2017 at 4:26 p.m. ET by Barbara Kollmeyer Nike shares slip 0.8% at $56.25 to lead Dow's early decliners Nike shares slip 0.8% at $56.25 to lead Dow's early decliners Mar. 30, 2017 at 9:37 a.m. ET by Mark DeCambre Goldman shares rise 0.7% at $230.07 in early trade to top Dow's early gainers Goldman shares rise 0.7% at $230.07 in early trade to top Dow's early gainers Mar. 30, 2017 at 9:37 a.m. ET by Mark DeCambre Aviva looks to sell Friends Provident U.K.-based insurer Aviva PLC is looking to sell Friends Provident International Ltd., its unit that serves high-net-worth clients in Asia and the Middle East, in a deal that could fetch up to $750 million, according to people familiar with the situation. Mar. 28, 2017 at 2:39 a.m. ET by MarketWatch.com Snap gets boost from underwriting banks’ sunny reports Mar. 27, 2017 at 8:04 p.m. ET by Caitlin Huston Dow closes down for eighth straight day as ‘Trump trade’ deflates Mar. 27, 2017 at 6:42 p.m. ET by Barbara Kollmeyer Let’s hope Las Vegas can keep the lights on if the NFL’s Raiders move there Mar. 27, 2017 at 2:43 p.m. ET by Jason Notte Not even Trump’s own employees thought he’d make a good president Mar. 27, 2017 at 10:19 a.m. ET by Brett Arends All but 1 of the Dow's components are falling premarket, as Dow futures tumble All but one of the Dow Jones Industrial Average's 30 components trading before Monday's open are declining, with five of those components falling more than 1%. Among the biggest losers, shares of J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. slumped 2.1%, of Goldman Sachs Group Inc. dropped 2.1%, of Caterpillar Inc. shed 1.8% of American Express Co. slid 1.4% and of Nike Inc. lost 1.2% and Visa Inc. gave up 1%. The long gainer was DuPont & Co.'s stock , which ticked up 0.1% in light trade. Dow industrials futures tumbled 159 points. Mar. 27, 2017 at 8:40 a.m. ET by Tomi Kilgore Mexican peso heads for largest monthly rise in 5 years as Trump agenda falters Mar. 25, 2017 at 8:16 a.m. ET by Joseph Adinolfi Turkey May Enjoy a Relief Rally Regardless of who wins, next week’s constitutional referendum will bring clarity for investors. Apr. 8, 2017 at 12:50 a.m. ET on Barron's Online Trump Considers Shakeup of Senior White House Team President Trump is said to be unhappy with the infighting among his top aides, and chief of staff Reince Priebus and chief strategist Steve Bannon could be on the list for removal or reassignment. Apr. 7, 2017 at 7:07 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Are Traders Creating a Bizarre New Loop of Low Volatility? One mind-bending theory ties the market’s low volatility to the currently lucrative practice of selling insurance against sharp price swings. Apr. 7, 2017 at 5:30 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Spotify Finally Readies an IPO...That’s Not an IPO Spotify is considering a direct listing, in which the company would register its shares on a public exchange and let them trade freely. The company wouldn’t raise any new money or use underwriters to place new blocks of stock. Apr. 6, 2017 at 7:00 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal White House’s Cohn, Ex-Goldman, Backs Breaking Up Big Banks Top White House economic adviser Gary Cohn, a former Goldman Sachs executive, told lawmakers he could support legislation breaking up the largest U.S. banks. Apr. 6, 2017 at 4:45 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Data Clash Heats Up Between Banks and New York Stock Exchange Some of Wall Street’s biggest firms are balking at an attempt by the New York Stock Exchange to assert greater control over market data, a spat that highlights the growing importance of Big Data in today’s financial markets. Apr. 6, 2017 at 5:30 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal AMD Drops on Goldman ‘Sell’ Call, But We Say Buy Goldman Sachs initiates coverage of Advanced Micro Devices in dramatic fashion, sending shares tumbling. Apr. 6, 2017 at 2:27 p.m. ET on Barron's Online Big Banks Have 15% Upside From Here Bank of America, Citigroup, JPMorgan and Goldman are set for strong total returns based on an average of scenarios. Apr. 6, 2017 at 11:17 a.m. ET on Barron's Online Deutsche Bank Close to Successful $8.5 Billion Share Sale Deutsche Bank was closing in on a successful $8.5 billion share sale, the final day for investors to opt in to a capital-raising long seen as necessary to put the German lender on firm financial footing, according to people familiar with the matter. Apr. 6, 2017 at 8:53 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Citigroup Is Priced to Buy “The current valuation is a very attractive entry point on an absolute basis and relative to peers,” argues a Keefe, Bruyette & Woods analyst. Apr. 5, 2017 at 1:35 p.m. ET on Barron's Online How to Trade Amazon at a Bargain Price By buying options before its next earnings report, investors can profit from a price move in either direction. Apr. 5, 2017 at 1:03 p.m. ET on Barron's Online Aussie Banks: Property Bubble Fears Raise Alarm Reserve Bank of Australia governor Philip Lowe fires warning shot over growth in risky housing loans. Apr. 4, 2017 at 9:54 p.m. ET on Barron's Online U.S. Stocks Buoyed by Manufacturing, Energy Sectors U.S. stock indexes edged higher, led by a rise in shares of manufacturers. Meanwhile, shares of financial companies in the S&P 500 fell 0.2%. Apr. 4, 2017 at 6:49 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Frankfurt Landlords Welcome Brexit Business The office market in Germany’s financial capital is emerging as one of the winners from Brexit less than a year after the U.K.’s historic vote to quit the European Union. Apr. 4, 2017 at 6:14 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Economists Predict Modest Shrinkage In Fed’s Balance Sheet As Federal Reserve officials prepare their strategy for shrinking the central bank’s $4.5 trillion portfolio of bonds and other assets, one key question is just how much smaller those holdings should be. Apr. 4, 2017 at 5:48 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal A Pimco Fund Just Became the Biggest Active Bond Fund, and It Wasn’t Bill Gross’s Pimco’s Income Fund had $79.1 billion in assets under management as of March 31, one of several recent victories for the $1.5 trillion money manager as it tries to move beyond the most tumultuous period in its history. Apr. 4, 2017 at 4:52 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Goldman Sachs Digs Caterpillar and So Do We Goldman adds Caterpillar to its Conviction Buy list and says the stock, yielding 3.3% can rise 30%. Apr. 4, 2017 at 4:31 p.m. ET on Barron's Online This Volatility Warning Has a Different Ring to It Today Extreme volatility hasn’t played out like James Dimon predicted a year ago, but low volatility is creating a whole bunch of new concerns. Apr. 3, 2017 at 4:29 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Tech Founders Want IPO Riches Without Those Pesky Shareholders In a growing number of stock offerings, insiders are winding up with far more votes than shares. Snap’s new shareholders in last month’s IPO got no say in how the disappearing-message app company is run. Apr. 3, 2017 at 12:24 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal For Chinese Companies, If You Can’t Move Money Overseas, Raise It Overseas Chinese firms have issued some $52.6 billion worth of U.S. dollar bonds in the first quarter, up sharply from last year. Apr. 1, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Recent News Other News Press Releases Trump Considers Shakeup of Senior White House Team President Trump is said to be unhappy with the infighting among his top aides, and chief of staff Reince Priebus and chief strategist Steve Bannon could be on the list for removal or reassignment. Apr. 7, 2017 at 7:07 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal 3 Bank Stocks to Trade Without Spending a Dime 3 Bank Stocks to Trade Without Spending a Dime Apr. 7, 2017 at 12:22 p.m. ET on InvestorPlace.com Are Traders Creating a Bizarre New Loop of Low Volatility? One mind-bending theory ties the market’s low volatility to the currently lucrative practice of selling insurance against sharp price swings. Apr. 7, 2017 at 5:30 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Financial Stocks Tumble on Weak Jobs Report Regional banks, investment banks and insurance companies are all taking a hit. Apr. 7, 2017 at 11:27 a.m. ET on Investopedia.com Gary Cohn's Not-So-Surprising Proposal Gary Cohn's Not-So-Surprising Proposal Apr. 7, 2017 at 10:25 a.m. ET on Seeking Alpha Financials set for weak open after weak jobs print Financials set for weak open after weak jobs print Apr. 7, 2017 at 9:03 a.m. ET on Seeking Alpha Spotify Finally Readies an IPO...That’s Not an IPO Spotify is considering a direct listing, in which the company would register its shares on a public exchange and let them trade freely. The company wouldn’t raise any new money or use underwriters to place new blocks of stock. Apr. 6, 2017 at 7:00 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Buy AMD On The Goldman Downgrade Buy AMD On The Goldman Downgrade Apr. 6, 2017 at 5:10 p.m. ET on Seeking Alpha US Market Indexes Gain on Thursday US Market Indexes Gain on Thursday Apr. 6, 2017 at 5:09 p.m. ET on GuruFocus.com White House’s Cohn, Ex-Goldman, Backs Breaking Up Big Banks Top White House economic adviser Gary Cohn, a former Goldman Sachs executive, told lawmakers he could support legislation breaking up the largest U.S. banks. Apr. 6, 2017 at 4:45 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Data Clash Heats Up Between Banks and New York Stock Exchange Some of Wall Street’s biggest firms are balking at an attempt by the New York Stock Exchange to assert greater control over market data, a spat that highlights the growing importance of Big Data in today’s financial markets. Apr. 6, 2017 at 5:30 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Banks And Financial Stocks: Latest News And Analysis After spending nearly a decade wallowing in ultralow interest rates,  JPMorgan Chase (JPM), Bank of America (BAC), Wells Fargo (WFC) and the banking sector as a whole got a boost from Federal Reserve rate hikes and Donald Trump's win in November. A faster pace of tightening is expected as well as a rollback of post-financial crisis regulations, potentially adding momentum to lenders. But challenges remain as much-anticipated tax reform looks less Apr. 6, 2017 at 7:41 a.m. ET on Investors Business Daily Trump May Bring Glass-Steagall Back One of Trump's top advisors has secretly said he wants to force banks to separate their investment and lending banking practices. Apr. 6, 2017 at 1:18 p.m. ET on Investopedia.com Big Banks Have 15% Upside From Here Bank of America, Citigroup, JPMorgan and Goldman are set for strong total returns based on an average of scenarios. Apr. 6, 2017 at 11:17 a.m. ET on Barron's Deutsche Bank Close to Successful $8.5 Billion Share Sale Deutsche Bank was closing in on a successful $8.5 billion share sale, the final day for investors to opt in to a capital-raising long seen as necessary to put the German lender on firm financial footing, according to people familiar with the matter. Apr. 6, 2017 at 8:53 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal What Analysts Recommend for Deere As of April 4, 2017, 22 brokerage firms were actively tracking Deere (DE) stock. Apr. 5, 2017 at 8:40 a.m. ET on MarketRealist.com BlackRock Shrinks Its Research Spend. Good News For Us Independents! BlackRock Shrinks Its Research Spend. Good News For Us Independents! Apr. 6, 2017 at 7:30 a.m. ET on Seeking Alpha How to Trade Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock After Earnings How to Trade Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock After Earnings Apr. 6, 2017 at 6:08 a.m. ET on InvestorPlace.com US Market Indexes Lower Following Fed Minutes US Market Indexes Lower Following Fed Minutes Apr. 5, 2017 at 5:25 p.m. ET on GuruFocus.com Bonness Enterprises Inc Buys Oracle, Comcast, Goldman Sachs Group Bonness Enterprises Inc Buys Oracle, Comcast, Goldman Sachs Group Apr. 5, 2017 at 4:38 p.m. ET on GuruFocus.com Goldman Sachs Asset Management Closed-End Funds Announce Results of Joint Annual Shareholders Meeting Goldman Sachs Asset Management Closed-End Funds Announce Results of Joint Annual Shareholders Meeting Mar. 30, 2017 at 4:05 p.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX Blog Coverage KKR and CDPQ Acquire USI; Set to Strengthen Long-Term Growth Portfolio Blog Coverage KKR and CDPQ Acquire USI; Set to Strengthen Long-Term Growth Portfolio Mar. 20, 2017 at 8:15 a.m. ET on ACCESSWIRE Research Reports on Investment Brokerage Equities -- Morgan Stanley, Charles Schwab, Goldman Sachs, and E*TRADE Financial Research Reports on Investment Brokerage Equities -- Morgan Stanley, Charles Schwab, Goldman Sachs, and E*TRADE Financial Mar. 13, 2017 at 8:05 a.m. ET on PR Newswire - PRF Big Banks Look to Benefit as Daniel Tarullo Announces Retirement: Today's Research Reports on Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan Big Banks Look to Benefit as Daniel Tarullo Announces Retirement: Today's Research Reports on Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan Feb. 14, 2017 at 9:36 a.m. ET on ACCESSWIRE Better Mortgage Secures $15 Million In Series B Funding From Kleiner Perkins, Goldman Sachs, And Pine Brook Better Mortgage Secures $15 Million In Series B Funding From Kleiner Perkins, Goldman Sachs, And Pine Brook Feb. 9, 2017 at 9:00 a.m. ET on PR Newswire - PRF Goldman Sachs MLP and Energy Renaissance Fund Announces Quarterly Distribution of $0.16 Per Share Goldman Sachs MLP and Energy Renaissance Fund Announces Quarterly Distribution of $0.16 Per Share Feb. 6, 2017 at 9:25 a.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX Goldman Sachs MLP Income Opportunities Fund Announces Quarterly Distribution of $0.21 Per Share Goldman Sachs MLP Income Opportunities Fund Announces Quarterly Distribution of $0.21 Per Share Feb. 6, 2017 at 9:25 a.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX Goldman Sachs Asset Management to Host Quarterly MLP Closed-End Funds Conference Call Goldman Sachs Asset Management to Host Quarterly MLP Closed-End Funds Conference Call Jan. 24, 2017 at 9:25 a.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX Post Earnings Coverage as Goldman Sachs' Q4 and Annual Results Beat Estimates Post Earnings Coverage as Goldman Sachs' Q4 and Annual Results Beat Estimates Jan. 23, 2017 at 8:17 a.m. ET on ACCESSWIRE Financial Sector's Post Election Rally Stalls: Latest Reports on Citigroup and Goldman Sachs Financial Sector's Post Election Rally Stalls: Latest Reports on Citigroup and Goldman Sachs Jan. 19, 2017 at 9:31 a.m. ET on ACCESSWIRE Get a covered call report on Axalta Coating Systems, or get option-trade ideas on Ford, The Goldman Sachs Group, Qualcomm and Wells Fargo & Co. Get a covered call report on Axalta Coating Systems, or get option-trade ideas on Ford, The Goldman Sachs Group, Qualcomm and Wells Fargo & Co. Jan. 19, 2017 at 9:31 a.m. ET on PR Newswire - PRF Post Earnings Coverage as Interactive Brokers' Earnings and Revenues Lag Behind Market Expectations Post Earnings Coverage as Interactive Brokers' Earnings and Revenues Lag Behind Market Expectations Jan. 19, 2017 at 8:20 a.m. ET on ACCESSWIRE Investment Brokerage Stocks on Investors' Radar -- Morgan Stanley, Charles Schwab, Goldman Sachs, and E*TRADE Financial Investment Brokerage Stocks on Investors' Radar -- Morgan Stanley, Charles Schwab, Goldman Sachs, and E*TRADE Financial Jan. 18, 2017 at 7:55 a.m. ET on PR Newswire - PRF Blog Coverage Stanley Black & Decker on Deal-Making Spree, Sells Mechanical Security Business Dec. 22, 2016 at 8:35 a.m. ET on ACCESSWIRE Goldman Sachs Asset Management Closed-End Funds Announce the Retirement of Three Trustees Dec. 16, 2016 at 4:35 p.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX Goldman Sachs Asset Management and GQG Partners Launch Flagship International Equity Strategy Dec. 16, 2016 at 10:58 a.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX Fitch Affirms Goldman Sachs' Long-Term IDR at 'A'; Outlook Stable Dec. 13, 2016 at 5:28 p.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX US Geothermal Management Delivers 16 Consecutive Quarters of Profit and is Executing on Tenfold Growth Plan Dec. 13, 2016 at 8:34 a.m. ET on ACCESSWIRE InvestorsObserver releases covered-call reports for Alcoa, The Goldman Sachs Group, Tailored Brands Inc., El Pollo Loco and Applied Materials Inc. Dec. 9, 2016 at 9:31 a.m. ET on PR Newswire - PRF InvestorsObserver releases covered-call reports for Alcoa, Dollar General, The Goldman Sachs Group, Alder Biopharmaceuticals and FireEye Nov. 28, 2016 at 10:31 a.m. ET on PR Newswire - PRF Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. engages in global investment banking, securities, and investment management, which provides a range of financial services to corporations, financial institutions, governments, and individuals. It operates through the following business segments: Investment Banking, Institutional Client Services, Investing & Lending, and Investment Management. The Investment Banking segment focuses on the provision of financial advisory services public and private sector clients around the world. The Institutional Client Services segment facilitates clients regarding buy and sell financial products, raise funding and manage risk. The Investing & Lending segment includes the company's investing and relationship lending activities across various asset classes. The Investment Management segment deals with the provision of investment and wealth advisory services. The company was founded by Marcus Goldman in 1869 and is headquartered in New York, NY. (See Full Profile) Analyst Ratings Sell Under Hold Over Buy Number of Ratings 29 Full Ratings Financial Sector Earnings: Market Highs And High Expectations Apr. 7, 2017 at 1:39 p.m. ET on Benzinga.com Are Analysts Happy about the Goldcorp–Barrick Gold Arrangement? Mar. 30, 2017 at 12:09 p.m. ET on MarketRealist.com Deutsche Bank Previews Q1 Earnings For Big Banks, Upgrades Morgan Stanley To Buy Mar. 29, 2017 at 11:09 a.m. ET on Benzinga.com Competitors Name Chg % Market Cap Barclays PLC ADR -0.74% $46.04B Morgan Stanley -0.33% $77.89B Bank of America Corp. -0.43% $231.98B Deutsche Bank AG -0.84% $32.41B JPMorgan Chase & Co. -0.35% $307.68B Competitor Data Provided By Partner Content Back to Top MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Trending Tickers Powered by GS -0.33% AKRX 18.04% DPZ -5.83% REGN 0.28% KS -0.43% Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Video Center Learn more. Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.
About US Contact US Client Login Registration Friday April 7th, 2017 Languages English French Language German Language Italian Language Portuguese Language Spanish Language Latest Intel MIL Analysis-Reportage Boeing Energy Conservation Program Lauded by EPA By Foreign Affairs Publisher  /  April 8, 2017  /  Comments Off on Boeing Energy Conservation Program Lauded by EPA       Print       Email MIL OSI Economics – Source: Boeing Headline: Boeing Energy Conservation Program Lauded by EPA CHICAGO, April 7, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Boeing [NYSE: BA] will be recognized by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) with a 2017 ENERGY STAR Partner of the Year – Sustained Excellence Award for the company’s continued leadership in protecting the environment through superior energy efficiency. Boeing will receive the award April 26 in Washington, D.C. This is the seventh consecutive year Boeing has been recognized by ENERGY STAR. “We know that strong environmental performance is good for the planet and key to long-term business success. We are excited to build on the progress we have made and to further improve the efficiency of our products and our operations,” said Ursula English, Boeing vice president of Environment, Health & Safety. “In our second century, we’re aiming to be the most environmentally progressive company in the aerospace industry and to be a leader among our industrial peers.” Beverly Wyse, president of Boeing Shared Services Group, will accept the ENERGY STAR award on behalf of Boeing. “We’re thankful to the EPA for this recognition, but the greater thanks truly belongs to our Boeing employees who bring a strong commitment to environmental leadership to work with them every day,” said Wyse. “It is their inspiration and innovation that allows us to keep incorporating new efficiencies and energy conservation technologies into our processes and operations.” During 2016, Boeing improved energy efficiency, invested in key energy infrastructure and continued public outreach with its conservation message. Boeing’s key 2016 accomplishments in the U.S. include: Improving energy efficiency by 4.1 percent, a cumulative improvement of over 40 percent since 2009, all while reducing absolute energy consumption in 2016 by 2 percent and still delivering commercial aircraft at near-record levels. Absolute energy reduction of 863,000 MMBtu — equivalent to the annual energy use for 23,000 average U. S. homes. Replacing over 6,000 inefficient lighting fixtures with more energy-saving LEDs and making direct energy conservation investments of $6.7 million to reduce energy use by over 77,000 MMBtu annually. Expanding the company’s environmental “Build a Better Planet” website to enhance employee engagement and share conservation messages and best practices in key forums and conferences. Expanding the Everett, Wash., site by 1.5 million square feet to include a new composite wing center built to LEED Silver specifications. Everett is home to the largest contiguous building by volume in the world. Reducing greenhouse gas emissions by 8 percent or 228,000 metric tons and water intake by 6 percent or 517 million gallons since 2012. The 2017 Partner of the Year – Sustained Excellence Awards are given to a variety of organizations that have demonstrated continued leadership in energy efficiency. Winners comprise a spectrum from small, family-owned businesses to Fortune 500 organizations — representing energy-efficient products, services, new homes, and buildings in the commercial, industrial, and public sectors. For a complete list of 2017 winners and more information about ENERGY STAR’s awards program, visit www.energystar.gov/awardwinners. Contacts: Name: Mick Boroughs Boeing Shared Services Group michael.f.boroughs@boeing.com 1 206-919-7584 Name: Dean Tougas Boeing Shared Services Group dean.tougas@boeing.com 1 425-260-3086 Follow us on Twitter @Boeing SOURCE Boeing     Print       Email Published: 1 min ago on April 8, 2017 By: Foreign Affairs Publisher Last Modified: April 8, 2017 @ 4:13 am Filed Under: Airline Industry, Boeing, Business, Economics, English, Global Economy, MIL OSI, MIL OSI Economics, Open Source Intel NEXT ARTICLE → Wells Fargo Names Lisa McGeough Head of New Financial Institutions Group ← PREVIOUS ARTICLE WTO chairpersons for 2017 About the author Foreign Affairs Publisher View all articles by Foreign Affairs Publisher » Recent Posts Connected…Food? WTO chairpersons for 2017 Boeing Energy Conservation Program Lauded by EPA Wells Fargo Names Lisa McGeough Head of New Financial Institutions Group Ministry of Labour and United Nations Launch “Opening Doors: Building Careers Together” Joint Human Resource Initiative © 2017 ForeignAffairs.co.nz. Site customised by Multimedia Investments Ltd
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Boeing Energy Conservation Program Lauded by EPA News provided by Boeing Apr 07, 2017, 11:00 ET Share this article CHICAGO, April 7, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Boeing [NYSE: BA] will be recognized by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) with a 2017 ENERGY STAR Partner of the Year – Sustained Excellence Award for the company's continued leadership in protecting the environment through superior energy efficiency. Boeing will receive the award April 26 in Washington, D.C. This is the seventh consecutive year Boeing has been recognized by ENERGY STAR. "We know that strong environmental performance is good for the planet and key to long-term business success. We are excited to build on the progress we have made and to further improve the efficiency of our products and our operations," said Ursula English, Boeing vice president of Environment, Health & Safety. "In our second century, we're aiming to be the most environmentally progressive company in the aerospace industry and to be a leader among our industrial peers." Beverly Wyse, president of Boeing Shared Services Group, will accept the ENERGY STAR award on behalf of Boeing. "We're thankful to the EPA for this recognition, but the greater thanks truly belongs to our Boeing employees who bring a strong commitment to environmental leadership to work with them every day," said Wyse. "It is their inspiration and innovation that allows us to keep incorporating new efficiencies and energy conservation technologies into our processes and operations." During 2016, Boeing improved energy efficiency, invested in key energy infrastructure and continued public outreach with its conservation message. Boeing's key 2016 accomplishments in the U.S. include: Improving energy efficiency by 4.1 percent, a cumulative improvement of over 40 percent since 2009, all while reducing absolute energy consumption in 2016 by 2 percent and still delivering commercial aircraft at near-record levels. Absolute energy reduction of 863,000 MMBtu — equivalent to the annual energy use for 23,000 average U. S. homes. Replacing over 6,000 inefficient lighting fixtures with more energy-saving LEDs and making direct energy conservation investments of $6.7 million to reduce energy use by over 77,000 MMBtu annually. Expanding the company's environmental "Build a Better Planet" website to enhance employee engagement and share conservation messages and best practices in key forums and conferences. Expanding the Everett, Wash., site by 1.5 million square feet to include a new composite wing center built to LEED Silver specifications. Everett is home to the largest contiguous building by volume in the world. Reducing greenhouse gas emissions by 8 percent or 228,000 metric tons and water intake by 6 percent or 517 million gallons since 2012. The 2017 Partner of the Year – Sustained Excellence Awards are given to a variety of organizations that have demonstrated continued leadership in energy efficiency. Winners comprise a spectrum from small, family-owned businesses to Fortune 500 organizations — representing energy-efficient products, services, new homes, and buildings in the commercial, industrial, and public sectors. For a complete list of 2017 winners and more information about ENERGY STAR's awards program, visit www.energystar.gov/awardwinners. Contacts: Name: Mick Boroughs Boeing Shared Services Group michael.f.boroughs@boeing.com 1 206-919-7584 Name: Dean Tougas Boeing Shared Services Group dean.tougas@boeing.com 1 425-260-3086 Follow us on Twitter @Boeing   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/boeing-energy-conservation-program-lauded-by-epa-300436388.html SOURCE Boeing Related Links http://www.boeing.com Apr 06, 2017, 11:00 ET Preview: Boeing Reports First-Quarter Deliveries My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Apr 06, 2017, 11:00 ETBoeing Reports First-Quarter Deliveries Apr 05, 2017, 14:00 ETBoeing Selects Plano, Texas, Site for Global Services Headquarters Explore More news releases in similar topics Airlines & Aviation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Aerospace & Defense Environmental Issues Awards You just read: Boeing Energy Conservation Program Lauded by EPA News provided by Boeing Apr 07, 2017, 11:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
04082017Sat                                            English-French IranFocus Home Iran Iran (General) Nuclear Human Rights Women Intelligence Reports Terrorism Exclusive Reports Life in Iran Nuclear Iran & Neighbours Iraq Afghanistan Syria Economy Tehran Grapevine Opinion Iran in the World Press Editorial Op-Ed Multimedia Blog Boeing's Pursuit of Business With Iran Despite Atrocities It Is Involved In Details Economy 07 April 2017 Print Email Twitter Iran Focus London, 7 Apr - The Obama administration allowed Iran to purchase American planes that have been used to transport weapons to terrorists, and other illegal activities, in the past. The Trump administration is now reviewing the policies that were in place at the time. Earlier this week Boeing announced that, pending review by the administration, there is an agreement in place with Iran for the sale of up to 60 aircraft. Earlier in the year, Trump’s administration was criticised for continuing with Obama’s policies to approve sales with the Islamic Republic. However, sources indicate that the administration is reviewing all deals – past and future – in a bid to carry out a comprehensive assessment of the nuclear deal. Numerous US lawmakers and foreign policy experts have criticised the agreement between Boeing and Iran, saying that the result will be a boost to illegal weapons trading. It is possible that the Trump administration will reverse many of the promises the US made to Iran under President Obama’s administration with regards to the sale of aircraft and numerous other concessions that would promote business in Iran. Although the Treasury Department has not been in a position to comment on ongoing issues surrounding the Boeing deal, officials have highlighted that the deal is not set in stone. The Treasury Department will review the deal and will issue a licence if it deems the sale worthy of being pursued. From a legal point of view, American companies like Boeing are legally allowed to enter into agreements and negotiate with Iranian companies, provided that the companies are not subject to sanctions imposed by the United States. One condition, however, is that the Treasury Department must provide consent before any official deals are made. Before leaving office, President Obama pushed numerous such deals through. The Trump administration has vowed to be tougher towards Iran and has criticised his predecessor’s leniency towards Iran. The Trump administration’s review of such deals will hopefully serve as a warning to Boeing and other companies wishing to do business with Iran. Some have already described it as outrageous that anyone would continue to pursue a deal with a country that supports a regime in Syria that drops chemical bombs on towns killing civilians and children. Rep. Peter Roskam (R., Ill.) is strongly opposed to the Boeing-Iran deal. He said: “We will do everything within our power, and we hope the administration will do everything within its power, to prevent the sale of even more airplanes to state-owned companies in the Islamic Republic.”   Search search Two prisoners were hanged in Sarpol-e Zahab (western Iran) Iran: ُHorrible scene of a family trapped in a car, swallowed by flood in Sistan & Baluchestan Iran: Tehran's Iconic High-Rise (Plasco Building) Collapsed Due to Fire More than 1,500 retired teachers held a protest gathering in front of Iran Regime's parliament Iran: Execution of four young men in public in Qeshm- 23 November The untold story of the 1988 Massacre in Iran Reyhaneh Jabbari's will Her voice recording from inside prison Public execution in Kazerun, Iran - August 11, 2016 blog Censorship Kills: Remembering Sattar Behesthi The New Orientalism: Iran as a Political Commodit... Iran Freedom Convention Makes Global Impact Other Articles Iran Echo Chamber Demonizes Dissidents Iran Launches New Wave of Repression Despite Facad... About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 45 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Alaska Air: We're keeping Virgin America's gates at Dallas Love Field Decision will have Alaska flying from each of the Dallas-area's major airports, including DFW. Post to Facebook Alaska Air: We're keeping Virgin America's gates at Dallas Love Field Decision will have Alaska flying from each of the Dallas-area's major airports, including DFW.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2oa7MuF {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Alaska Air: We're keeping Virgin America's gates at Dallas Love Field Today in the Sky Ben Mutzabaugh , USA TODAY Published 9:04 a.m. ET April 7, 2017 | Updated 17 hours ago 7 Shares FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Alaska Airlines, Virgin America kick off merger with celebration  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Employees pose near a special-livery 737 that Alaska Air rolled out Dec. 14, 2016, to commemorate the closing of its acquisition of Virgin America. The plane incorporates brand elements of each carrier.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines has begun a marketing campaign to tout its merger with Virgin America.. Both airlines are well-liked, but share very different corporate identities.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines rolled out this special merger-themed paint scheme on one of its Boeing 737s on Dec. 14, 2016. The livery marked the closing of Alaska Air's acquisition of Virgin America.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Air CEO Brad Tilden greets passengers -- mostly employees -- arriving to San Francisco on a special charter flight as the airline closed on its acquisition of Virgin America.  Alaska Airlines Fullscreen From left, Alaska Airlines employees Ruthy Trykur (fueling operations specialist), Lucy Lafayette (accounts payable) and Brinda Baldwin (accounts payable supervisor) onboard Alaska Airlines' special charter flight to San Francisco on Dec. 14, 2016.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A red-carpet greeting awaited passengers -- mostly employees -- arriving to San Francisco on a special charter flight as the airline closed on its acquisition of Virgin America.  Alaska Airlines Fullscreen Alaska Airlines has begun a marketing campaign to tout its merger with Virgin America.. Both airlines are well-liked, but share very different corporate identities.  Alaska Airlines Fullscreen Alaska Airlines has begun a marketing campaign to tout its merger with Virgin America.. Both airlines are well-liked, but share very different corporate identities.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines rolled out this special livery on Dec. 14, 2016, to commemorate the closing of its acquisition of Virgin America. The plane incorporates brand elements of each carrier.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines' messaging as seen on its special new merger-themed livery.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines rolled out this special livery on Dec. 14, 2016, to commemorate the closing of its acquisition of Virgin America. The plane incorporates brand elements of each carrier.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Air CEO Brad Tilden greets passengers -- mostly employees -- arriving to San Francisco on a special charter flight on Dec. 14, 2016, as the airline closed on its acquisition of Virgin America.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Ground crews in San Francisco welcome the arrival of a special Alaska Airlines flight on Dec. 14, 2016.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Air CEO Brad Tilden greets workers in San Francisco on Dec. 14, 2016, as the carrier officially began its merger with Virgin America.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Air CEO Brad Tilden speaks to workers at San Francisco on Dec. 14, 2016, as the carrier officially began its merger with Virgin America.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Air kicked off its merger with Virgin America on Dec. 14, 2016, with an employee event in San Francisco.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines has begun a marketing campaign to tout its merger with Virgin America.. Both airlines are well-liked, but share very different corporate identities.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines has begun a marketing campaign to tout its merger with Virgin America.. Both airlines are well-liked, but share very different corporate identities.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen "More to love" is emblazoned on the side of a specially painted, merger-themed Boeing 737 for Alaska Airlines.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines rolled out this special livery on Dec. 14, 2016, to commemorate the closing of its acquisition of Virgin America. The plane incorporates brand elements of each carrier.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Air CEO Brad Tilden greets employees in San Francisco on Dec. 14, 2016, as the airline closed on its acquisition of Virgin America.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 21 2 of 21 3 of 21 4 of 21 5 of 21 6 of 21 7 of 21 8 of 21 9 of 21 10 of 21 11 of 21 12 of 21 13 of 21 14 of 21 15 of 21 16 of 21 17 of 21 18 of 21 19 of 21 20 of 21 21 of 21 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Alaska Airlines will continue flying from Dallas Love Field with the gate access it inherited in its acquisition of Virgin America. That will give Alaska Airlines, which already flies from Dallas/Fort Worth International (DFW), an ongoing presence at both of the major airports in the Dallas/Fort Worth metro area “We’re keeping both for sure. We love Love Field,” Ben Minicucci, the Alaska Air president currently in charge of Virgin America, said to Bloomberg News earlier this week. TODAY IN THE SKY: Virgin America name will be phased out in favor of Alaska Air, 'likely' in 2019 | Alaska Air begins merger with Virgin America, promises 'more to love' Minicucci’s comments appear to end speculation from some industry observers about whether Alaska Airlines would continue flying from both of the Dallas/Fort Worth-area airports as it proceeds with its merger with Virgin America. Virgin America began flying from Love Field in 2014, shifting its service from DFW to that airport after it secured gate space that became available as a result of divestitures made by American Airlines to secure approval for its merger with US Airways. Alaska Airlines spokeswoman Bobbie Egan suggested to the Fort Worth Star-Telegram that Alaska Airlines had not seriously considered pulling service from either of the Dallas-area airports. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn The new, improved Dallas Love Field  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. The original Love Field entrance sign from 1958.  Dallas Love Field Fullscreen The current sign.  Dallas Love Field Fullscreen Southwest Airlines had this countdown clock for the lifting of the Wright Amendment in its lobby.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen Virgin America has a special check-in area in the ticket lobby for its First Class and Elevate Gold passengers.  Harriet Baskas for USA TODAY Fullscreen A comfy and colorful pre-security seating area at Love Field.  Harriet Baskas for USA TODAY Fullscreen "North Texas Sunrise," by Dixie Friend Gay, is by the security checkpoint.  Harriet Baskas for USA TODAY Fullscreen The 12-foot-tall "Texas Ranger of 1960" by Waldine Tauch stands in the main lobby.  Dallas Love Field Fullscreen The giant terazzo World Map at the security checkpoint is one of the airport's original artworks.  Dallas Love Field Fullscreen There are activities for kids of all ages in the kids' play area at Love Field.  Harriet Baskas for USA TODAY Fullscreen A climb-on airplane in the kids' play area.  Harriet Baskas for USA TODAY Fullscreen A basket of peanuts in the Southwest Airlines bag claim office.  Harriet Baskas for USA TODAY Fullscreen The "Sky" sculpture by Brower Hatcher and Marly Rogers has a diameter of 70 feet.  Dallas Love Field Fullscreen Some of the Texas-themed souvenirs for sale at Dallas Love Field.  Harriet Baskas for USA TODAY Fullscreen Several shops at Dallas Love Field sell stick ponies.  Harriet Baskas for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 14 2 of 14 3 of 14 4 of 14 5 of 14 6 of 14 7 of 14 8 of 14 9 of 14 10 of 14 11 of 14 12 of 14 13 of 14 14 of 14 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide “In their approval of the (Virgin of America) acquisition, the (Department of Justice) did require that we give notice to the DOJ if we were going to do anything differently,” Egan said to the Star-Telegram about the gate space it acquired at Love Field as part of its deal for Virgin America. “I don’t think we ever said we weren’t going to serve both DFW and Love Field.” Virgin America currently flies from the close-to-downtown Love Field to San Francisco, Los Angeles, New York LaGuardia, Washington Reagan National and Las Vegas. Alaska Airlines flies from DFW to its hubs in Seattle and Portland, Ore. By 2019, Alaska Airlines said it plans to have the two airlines fly under one name -- Alaska Airlines. At Love Field, Minicucci told Bloomberg the carrier could tweak its route map as the merger continues, though he didn’t appear to suggest any changes were imminent. TODAY IN THE SKY: It's official: Virgin America to get Dallas Love gates (2014) | Delta survives eviction attempt at Dallas Love Field (again) Regardless, Alaska Airlines will go up against two dominant competitors at each of the Dallas-area airports. At DFW, American Airlines is by far the dominant airline at the airport, which is its busiest hub. At Love Field, Southwest controls 18 of the airport’s 20 gates and is currently in the process of trying to bar Delta Air Lines – the only other carrier besides Virgin America currently flying from that airport – from using its gate space there. That move would essentially evict Delta from Love Field. TWITTER: You can follow Today in the Sky editor Ben Mutzabaugh at twitter.com/TodayInTheSky FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Alaska Airlines, Virgin America begin merger process  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Sporting the airline's recently updated livery, an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 lands at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in May 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Virgin America operated its busiest hub in San Francisco, where it has become one of the city's most notable carriers.  AP Fullscreen An image showing the tails of Alaska Airlines and Virgin America aircraft.  Alaska Airlines Fullscreen Virgin America was known for its trendy and irreverent image. Every year near Christmas, the carrier performed 'Operation Chihuahua Airlift' to send rescued chihuahuas to homes on the East Coast.  PR NEWSWIRE Fullscreen Alaska Airlines planes with the company's newest livery and tail logo, left, and the old livery are shown April 4, 2016, at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport.  Ted S. Warren, AP Fullscreen Alaska Airlines and Virgin America aircraft are seen at Washington Dulles International Airport on Aug. 12, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Virgin America sparked a major fare war when it tried to create a 'focus city' at Dallas Love Field. Here, one of the airline's planes is seen at Love Field in April 2014.  AP Fullscreen A new Alaska Airlines 737 painted with a Boeing centennial theme arrives during a kickoff celebration for Boeing's 100th anniversary month on June 30, 2016, in Seattle.  Genna Martin, AP Fullscreen Alaska Airlines' newly painted jet supporting veterans is readied for departure to Portland, Ore., on Veteran's Day, Nov. 11, 2016 at Chicago O'Hare.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Virgin America's distinctive red tails have become a common site at San Francisco International Airport.  JOHN G. MABANGLO, EPA Fullscreen Alaska Airlines CEO Brad Tilden speaks to a crowd during the Alaska Airlines Plane Pull with Russell Wilson and Joel McHale at The Museum of Flight in Seattle on July 28, 2015.  Matt Mills McKnight, AP Images for Alaska Airlines Fullscreen Virgin America CEO David Cush, third-left front row, is applauded and showered with confetti as he rings the opening bell at the Nasdaq market to mark his company's IPO in New York on Nov. 14, 2014.  Richard Drew, AP Fullscreen In this file photo from Nov. 14, 2016, fueling manager Jarid Svraka looks on as he fuels an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737-800 jet with a new, blended alternative jet fuel at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport.  Elaine Thompson, AP Fullscreen Virgin America flight attendants line the red carpet during a news conference at Dallas Love Field on April 25, 2014.  Max Faulkner, Fort Worth Star-Telegram via AP Fullscreen Alaska Airlines jets line a terminal in Seattle on Dec. 16, 2015.  Elaine Thompson, AP Fullscreen Virgin America's inaugural flight between Los Angeles an Dallas Fort Worth International Airport comes in for a landing in Texas on Dec. 1, 2010.  LM Otero, AP Fullscreen Alaska Airlines' "Salmon-Thirty-Salmon" themed Boeing 737-800 is one of several unique paint jobs flying for the carrier. It's seen here in Anchorage on Oct. 4, 2012.  Mark Thiessen, AP Fullscreen Bearing colors of the Oregon State University Beavers, an Alaska Airlines/Horizon Q400 takes off from a foggy Seattle in January of 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines Boeing 737-800 painted with the airline's new tail logo and livery takes off from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Jan. 26, 2016.  HANDOUT/EPA Fullscreen British tycoon Richard Branson became a fixture for Virgin America at its promotional events. Here he greets staff at the airline's inaugural San Francisco-Denver flight on March 15, 2016.  Trevor Hughes, USA TODAY Fullscreen British tycoon Richard Branson became a fixture for Virgin America at its promotional events.Here he participates in festivities for the airline's inaugural San Francisco-Denver flight on March 15, 2016.  Trevor Hughes, USA TODAY Fullscreen Virgin America's hub at San Francisco put it into head-to-head competition with rival United on many routes.  Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Fullscreen Alaska Airlines planes line-up at the terminal at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Feb. 13, 2009.  Elaine Thompson, AP Fullscreen This airline painted in the colors of the Portland Timbers Major League Soccer team has been one of several special liveries to fly for Alaska Airlines over the years.  Courtesy of Alaska Air Group Fullscreen Bearing the airline's new logo and paint scheme, an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 taxies for departure in Seattle, Wash in April of 2016. Bearing the airline's new logo and paint scheme, an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 taxies for departure in Seattle on April of 2016. [Via MerlinFTP Drop]  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / Special Fullscreen Seen here in 2011, Virgin America performed a splashy makeover in creating its ticketing space at San Francisco International Airport.  Martin E. Klimek, for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 takes off from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Aug. 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The warm orange hues of a summer sunset envelope an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Aug. 19, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The sun sets over the Olympic mountain range as an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 taxis to its gate at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Aug. 19, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Delta Air Lines Boeing 747-400 lands within view of an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on June 25, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska and Delta Air Lines jets pass one another at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on June 25, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines jets line up for departure early in the morning at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Nov. 11, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 departs LAX on Nov. 7, 2015, as a trio of international tails await their next flights.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 33 2 of 33 3 of 33 4 of 33 5 of 33 6 of 33 7 of 33 8 of 33 9 of 33 10 of 33 11 of 33 12 of 33 13 of 33 14 of 33 15 of 33 16 of 33 17 of 33 18 of 33 19 of 33 20 of 33 21 of 33 22 of 33 23 of 33 24 of 33 25 of 33 26 of 33 27 of 33 28 of 33 29 of 33 30 of 33 31 of 33 32 of 33 33 of 33 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Virgin America and Alaska Airlines tails mingle togther at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on March 24, 2017.  (Photo: Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY) Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2oa7MuF Most Popular A Rikers Island terminal for LaGuardia Airport? 96 Shares 6 paved trails for a spring bike ride 1.6k Shares Poconos' Kalahari: America's largest indoor water park 4.5k Shares Las Vegas' latest, greatest dining destinations 1.2k Shares Lufthansa, Cathay Pacific airlines sign code-sharing deal Boeing's new 787-10 Dreamliner completes its maiden flight 416 Shares
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Saturday, April 08, 2017 As of 4:42 PM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video News Aerospace company Boeing's new programme to create 250 Australian jobs By Leo Oliver @shauryaarya1 on April 07 2017 12:29 PM 0 0 0 0 Employees of All Nippon Airways (ANA) queue in front of the company's Boeing 787 Dreamliner plane after its test flight at Haneda airport in Tokyo April 28, 2013. Reuters/Yuya Shino Aerospace company Boeing is establishing a new office in Adelaide, which will lead to the creation of as many as 250 jobs. Scheduled to open next week, the new office will support advanced military systems and engage in research and development. The project has been financially supported by the South Australian government through Investment Attraction South Australia and Defence SA. The deal for the new office was signed on Thursday by Premier Jay Weatherill and Boeing Defence Australia managing director Darren Edwards. Additionally, the company will be making an investment worth $500,000 for the Techstars global accelerator programme. "Part of that programme will be providing local start-ups each year with access to experienced mentors, advanced research and technology,” Edwards said, adding that Boeing’s move to South Australia was a “long time coming.” "This is the start of a journey for us. This is the start of growing much bigger in the state," he said. Techstars aids startup businesses by helping them secure capital, marketing and employees. According to Weatherill, the new Boeing office would lead to flow-on effects for the state’s economy. Additionally, it will better opportunities for its university graduates. "What it's about is young people being able to stay here in Adelaide and get a great job," he said. "It's always been a great place to live, it's becoming a really exciting place to live. The thing that's been missing is the great job." The development comes as good news for South Australia, Weatherill said. It would provide the state with an economic boost, he said, adding that the deal would see an extension beyond its initial period. Boeing has a workforce of almost 140,000 people internationally in manufacturing of commercial airliners, military aircraft and defence, space and security systems. The aerospace company’s presence in Australia has been the largest following the United States. In Australia, the company employs in excess of 3,000 people, majority of who are in Queensland. With the help of the new programme in Adelaide, Boeing will aid 10 companies create and commercialise state-of-the-art defence and security and technology. The Adelaide programme will run from July until October this year. South Australia recently attracted engineering support services company Babcock, which said last year it was looking to shift its Australasian headquarters from Brisbane to Adelaide owing to the state’s growing Defence industry. The news comes as the state has been continuously losing jobs in car manufacturing and other industries. Source: YouTube/The Dallas Morning News Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related Qantas order Boeing 787 Dreamliner for long flights British Airways to lower fare by adding 52 seats on Boeing 777 flights beginning 2018 Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 Coal prices continue upward trend 0 Shares 2 'Curb Your Enthusiasm season 9' wraps up production, release date likely in fall 2017 0 Shares 3 MACA preferred tenderer for earthworks project 0 Shares 4 Iron ore stockpiles at Chinese ports 'very dangerous for the price' 0 Shares 5 Large businesses push back against Trump’s climate change, immigration policies 0 Shares 6 NASA: Friday marks Jupiter’s closest approach to Earth in 2017 0 Shares 7 NBA Trade: Carmelo Anthony could join Damian Lillard, C.J. McCollum and the Trail Blazers next season 0 Shares 8 'Outlander' season 3: First scenes revealed in new Starz video 0 Shares 9 ‘Pokemon GO’ PvP Battle and Easter Event 0 Shares 10 ‘Vikings’ season 5: Katheryn Winnick photo suggests Lagertha isn’t going away soon 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed Volkswagen to sell diesel-powered cars in the US Woolworths: Pick date to pack date for supermarket produce Amazon to collect sales tax in Hawaii, Idaho, Maine and New Mexico on April 1 Spotify acquires MightyTV, helps users decide what to watch New Optus and Yes TV fixed broadband plans Salim Mehajer faces two charges in a 24-hour period More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance Study shows Western Australians are unhappiest at work; older, female employees are more satisfied Melania Trump criticised in first lady portrait, petition for her to move to the White House gets 500,000 signatures MACA preferred tenderer for earthworks project Cyclone Debbie affects coal exports Melania Trump welcomes Queen Rania of Jordan, heads to an all-girls school Pump hydro storage can help build 100 percent renewable energy grid More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East Daryl Morey claims Rockets have same shot at NBA championship as Spurs, Warriors Lakers News: Lonzo Ball badly wants to go to Los Angeles rather than be No. 1 pick in 2017 NBA Draft NBA News: Dwyane Wade wants to help Bulls’ playoff push, will return Saturday vs Nets NFL Trade News: Seattle Seahawks CB Richard Sherman possibly joining Tom Brady, Bill Belichick with New England Patriots Patriots-Seahawks Trade Update: Richard Sherman not going to New England World No. 1 ranking not a priority, says Roger Federer's coach More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More 'Yooka-Laylee' is far from perfect ‘Pokemon GO’ PvP Battle and Easter Event Xiaomi CEO confirms Mi 6 launch date Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus prototypes hint at dual cameras TSA refuses medicinal cannabis on flights, regrets error Facebook cracking down on ‘revenge porn’ More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design 'Santa Clarita Diet' star Drew Barrymore shares some dating tips Inspiration behind Darth Vader castle Stephen Amell to hurdle ‘American Ninja Warrior’ celebrity edition extreme courses Netflix's '13 Reasons Why' Katherine Langford: Interesting facts about Perth-based actress ‘American Crime’ season 3 episode 5 spoiler: Shae considers another abortion, Dustin introduces the teen prostitute to new work Rupert Sanders, Kristen Stewart affair: Sanders says he is 'bound to make more mistakes' More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Business Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Autos Real Estate Jobs Classifieds DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search Business Real Estate Airlines Retail Health Care Technology Energy Top 100 Workplaces Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person Newsletters North Dallas Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments The Dallas Morning News Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close AFP/Getty Images What Boeing taught D-FW 16 years ago helped land the jet giant this time Filed under Real Estate at 20 hrs ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Steve Brown, Real Estate Editor Connect with Steve Brown On Twitter Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now This week's news that Boeing is locating the headquarters of its newest division in Plano raised some eyebrows in the Dallas area. Boeing's global services division will have only a few dozen people working in the new Legacy West development, but it's another prestige company locating in the project. Sixteen years ago when Boeing was hunting for a new headquarters location, Dallas — along with Denver and Chicago — were at the top of the aerospace company's shopping list. Boeing officials took a helicopter tour of Dallas in 2001, passing by the Hyatt Regency Dallas at Reunion near downtown, before deciding to move to Chicago instead. (The Dallas Morning News/File) After kicking the tires on a bunch of real estate in downtown Dallas and Las Colinas, Boeing's top dogs declared that Big D wasn't ready for prime time. They decided to put their head office in Chicago. A payment of $60 million from the state of Illinois helped land the deal. Passing over runners-up Dallas-Fort Worth and Denver, Boeing's selection of Chicago for its corporate office drew a marquee welcome in the Windy City in 2001. (AP File) The Boeing snub lit a fire under downtown Dallas supporters and kicked off the revitalization of Dallas' central business district. Now Boeing is putting the headquarters for a division it hopes to grow into a $50 billion business in the area. John Crawford, vice chairman of economic development group Downtown Dallas Inc., says if Boeing was scouting for a new location for its headquarters today, North Texas would have a better shot. "They said when they came down here that downtown was dead and we had no culture," Crawford said. "There was a lot of truth to that. Frankly that was the motivation that helped us get started on turning downtown around." .@GovAbbott gives a #TX-sized welcome to @Boeing’s new Global Services Headquarters, to be located in the Plano area https://t.co/ihtDlNguTc pic.twitter.com/EDjgar8ULA— TexasOne (@TexasOne) April 6, 2017 With 10,000 new downtown Dallas residents, new cultural facilities, parks and increasing retail, Crawford said downtown is more attractive to companies such as Boeing — even if that new division is going to Plano. "If we were where we are today in 2001 when they came here, there is no question they would choose downtown Dallas," he said. "They only thing people can pick on us today is we don't have any mountains and we don't have any oceans. I'm going to work on that before I retire." Crawford also points out that when Boeing's CEO during the Chicago move retired, he wound up living on a golf course in Frisco. That house is only a couple of miles from where Boeing's new division office will be in Legacy West. Subscribe to Steve Brown's weekly real estate newsletter. Boeing is going in the same Legacy West Urban Village building that houses Fidelity Investments. (Steve Brown/Dallas Morning News) View Comments Tags Real Estate Business Economy Jobs Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to Business More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us Special Sections FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2017, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Business Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Autos Real Estate Jobs Classifieds DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search Business Real Estate Airlines Retail Health Care Technology Energy Top 100 Workplaces Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person Newsletters North Dallas Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments The Dallas Morning News Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close Steve Brown Down to the wire, developers racing to finish Plano's Legacy West Filed under Real Estate at 20 hrs ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Steve Brown, Real Estate Editor Connect with Steve Brown On Twitter Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now With only two months to go before the grand opening, construction workers are in a race to finish the Legacy West Urban Village in Plano. "The Boeing sign is going to go right there," said Fehmi Karahan, developer of the $400 million mixed-use project, which just scored a new high-profile office tenant, Boeing's global services division. What Boeing taught D-FW 16 years ago helped land the jet giant this time The new division of the aerospace giant will move into the third floor of the building at Legacy Drive and the Dallas North Tollway later this year. While only a few dozen Boeing professionals will be housed in the offices, which are on top of a street of restaurants and storefronts, attracting a Fortune top 50 firm like Boeing just adds to the success of Legacy West. "The prestige of getting Boeing is just incredible," said Karahan, walking through the top floor office suite the company is renting. One side of the new office looks down the length of Legacy West's retail street. And a glass-fronted rotunda on the other side of the Boeing space has views of the tollway and Legacy business park. The $400 million Legacy West Urban Village opens in June. (Steve Brown/Staff) The first retailers are open in Legacy West. (Steve Brown/Staff) "When Boeing's executives were touring, I personally showed them around," said Karahan, whose hands-on involvement is as much responsible for the success of Legacy West as the project's location and design. "I told them all the great reasons to be here," Karahan said.  "What I hear over and over from all these companies is attracting talent is very important," he said. "But more important is retaining the talent. This gives you the best environment to do that with all these amenities." Karahan knows what he is talking about. Since announcing Legacy West in early 2014, he's signed up a platinum roster of businesses, including Toyota, FedEx, Liberty Mutual Insurance, JPMorgan Chase and now Boeing for the 250-acre project. Partnering with developers KDC and Columbus Realty, Karahan has built what is arguably one of the most successful real estate projects in North America. "It all happened so fast. And we are very close to getting it done," he said. The first smattering of retailers has already opened at Legacy West. And the grand opening of the urban village on the north side of Legacy Drive is scheduled for the first week in June. "We have already leased almost half of the apartments," Karahan said, before the buildings were even finished. Fidelity Investments, Marriott International and Toyota Connected — a high-tech division of the giant automaker — have moved into their office spaces in the same building Boeing will occupy. "Toyota Connected is already expanding their space by 15,000 square feet," Karahan said. By the end of this year, more than 15,000 people will work in the $3 billion Legacy West development where two years ago wildflowers filled a vacant field just south of State Highway 121. The 300-room, 15-story Renaissance Hotel will open this summer. But the construction will keep going. Just weeks from now, work will start on an apartment tower that will go up across the street from Liberty Mutual Insurance's new twin towers. A condo tower will open later this year. "The groundbreaking for the 29-story apartment tower is at the end of the month," Karahan said. "How many people would have the good fortune to do something like this? "It's great when you can do something you love." Boeing's new global services division will locate in the same building as Fidelity Investments at Legacy West. (Steve Brown/Staff) Boeing's future office in Legacy West looks out over Legacy business park. (Steve Brown/Staff) Work crews are still finishing out the storefronts which are located just below Boeing's new office location. (Steve Brown/Staff) Toyota Connected has already moved into its new offices in Legacy West. (Steve Brown/Staff) The 300-room Renaissance Hotel opens in Legacy West in a few months. (Steve Brown/Staff) View Comments Tags Real Estate Business Plano Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to Business More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us Special Sections FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2017, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
null
Corner Bench Memos Bench Magazine Subscribe Login Donate How the Clintons Sold Out U.S. National Interests to the Putin Regime Secretary of State Clinton meets with Russian President Putin in 2010. (Photo: RIA Novost/Alexei Nikolsky/Pool/via Reuters) Share article on Facebookshare Tweet articletweet Plus one article on Google Plus+1 Print Article Adjust font size AA AA AA AA AA AA AA by Deroy Murdock April 7, 2017 4:00 AM Kremlin-crazed Trumpophobes snored as Hillary and Bill made Russia great again. The Democrats and old-guard news media (forgive the redundancy) are pathologically obsessed with the hypothesis that Team Trump and Russia rigged last November’s presidential election. If Donald J. Trump so much as played Tchaikovsky’s Marche Slav on his stereo, these leftists deduce, he was in cahoots with the Kremlin. Meanwhile, the same folks who spy a KGB agent behind every filing cabinet in Trump’s White House are aggressively apathetic about Hillary and Bill Clinton’s policies, decisions, and actions that gave aid and comfort to Russia. Hillary’s much-mocked “Russian reset” established the tone for the Clintons’ coziness with the Kremlin. On March 6, 2009, during a trip to Geneva, she presented Russian foreign minister Sergei Lavrov a small, red button. Hillary thought it was emblazoned with the Russian word for “reset.” Her team mistranslated and the button actually read “overload.” Nonetheless, Clinton and Lavrov jointly pressed the symbolic button. And a new era in U.S.–Russian relations erupted. While visiting Moscow on March 24, 2010, Hillary explained the Reset’s purpose: “Our goal is to help strengthen Russia.” Hillary said this in an interview with veteran broadcaster Vladimir Pozner of Russia’s First Channel TV network. Pozner is a Soviet-era relic who still communicates in barely accented English. During the Cold War, he popped up on American TV and radio programs and presented the views of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union. Pozner’s pleasantries made him and his totalitarian bosses seem blandly benign. The shadiest deal that the Clintons hatched with Russia is called Uranium One. This outrage should mushroom into Hillary and Bill’s radioactive Whitewater scandal. Frank Giustra, a Canadian mining mogul and major Clinton Foundation donor, led a group of investors in an enterprise called Uranium One. On June 8, 2010, Rosatom, the Russian State Atomic Energy Corporation, announced plans to purchase a 51.4 percent stake in the Canadian company, whose international assets included some 20 percent of America’s uranium capacity. Because this active ingredient in atomic reactors and nuclear weapons is a strategic commodity, this $1.3 billion deal required the approval of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS). Secretary of State Clinton was one of nine federal department and agency heads on that secretive panel. On June 29, 2010, three weeks after Rosatom proposed to Uranium One, Bill Clinton keynoted a seminar staged by Renaissance Capital in Moscow, a reputedly Kremlin-controlled investment bank that promoted this transaction. Renaissance Capital paid Clinton $500,000 for his one-hour speech. While CFIUS evaluated Rosatom’s offer, Clinton Cash author Peter Schweizer observed, “a spontaneous outbreak of philanthropy among eight shareholders in Uranium One” began. “These Canadian mining magnates decide now would be a great time to donate tens of millions of dollars to the Clinton Foundation.” These included Uranium One’s then-chairman, Ian Telfer, whose donations to the Clinton Foundation and the Clinton Giustra Sustainable Growth Initiative (CGSGI) totaled $3.1 million. Giustra himself gave $131.3 million to the Clinton Foundation. Before, during, and after CFIUS’s review, Schweizer calculates, “shareholders involved in this transaction had transferred approximately $145 million to the Clinton Foundation or its initiatives.” Others were less enthused about this deal. “Russia’s record of transferring dangerous materials and technologies to rogue regimes, such as those in Iran and Syria, is very troubling,” Representative Ileana Ros-Lehtinen of Florida, the ranking Republican on the House Foreign Affairs Committee at the time, wrote to CFIUS’s then-chairman, Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner. The top Republicans on the Financial Services, Homeland Security, and Armed Services Committees also signed Ros-Lehtinen’s letter of October 5, 2010. “We believe that this potential takeover of U.S. nuclear resources by a Russian government–owned agency would pose great potential harm to the national security of the United States,” the letter read, “and we urge the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS) to block the sale.” As a CFIUS member, Hillary could have heeded this warning and stopped Vladimir Putin from controlling a fifth of U.S. uranium supplies. America’s chief diplomat and former first lady either welcomed this prospect or was too uncharacteristically demure to make her objections stick. In either case, on October 23, 2010, within three weeks of that letter, CFIUS approved Rosatom’s purchase of a majority stake in Uranium One. Thanks to subsequent investments, Rosatom’s share of Uranium One grew to 100 percent by January 2013. Robert Gill of Morrison Williams Investment Management told Canada’s Financial Post: “By doing this acquisition, they can continue to build the company they intended to build, but they can do so without the transparency required by the public markets.” Rosatom CEO Sergei Kiriyenko crowed just after taking total control of Uranium One, “Few could have imagined in the past that we would own 20 percent of U.S. reserves.” A headline in Pravda boasted on January 22, 2013: “Russian nuclear energy conquers the world.” My old friend Michael Caputo performed public-relations work for Renaissance Capital in 1999–2000. He says it subsequently became “a practical arm of Vladimir Putin.” Caputo was stunned at the speed with which CFIUS approved Rosatom’s purchase of Uranium One. “In 2010–2011, I ran acquisition communications for Safran Group, the French government–controlled defense contractor which bought the US biometrics company L-1,” Caputo wrote in PoliticsNY.net. “It took us almost two years to gain CFIUS approval for France, an historic ally, to purchase a biometrics firm, not even remotely a strategic asset.” He added, “These two CFIUS approvals were happening at precisely the same time. Safran couldn’t buy a break and was questioned at every turn. Somehow, Kremlin-controlled Rosatom’s purchase sailed through on a cool breeze.” A strong wind lifted Hillary’s efforts to help Boeing seal a major sale to the Kremlin. She visited Moscow on October 13, 2009. She was there, in part, to boost the American jet manufacturer. “We’re delighted that a new Russian airline, Rosavia, is actively considering the acquisition of Boeing aircraft. And this is a shameless pitch for Rosavia,” Clinton said at Moscow’s Boeing Design Center. “The Ex-Im Bank would welcome an application for financing from Rosavia to support its purchase of Boeing aircraft.” Three days later, according to the Washington Post, “Boeing formally submitted its bid for the Russian deal.” On June 1, 2010, the Kremlin-owned Rostekhnologii company — mercifully, it’s now called Rostec — had great news for the plane maker: It decided to buy as many as 50 Boeing 737 jets for Russia’s national airline, Aeroflot. Reported price: $3.7 billion. That August 17, just ten weeks later, Boeing announced a $900,000 gift to the Clinton Foundation to “help support the reconstruction of Haiti’s public education system” after a massive earthquake pulverized the impoverished nation the previous January. The Clinton Foundation’s website declares total contributions from Boeing to be between $1 million and $5 million. Boeing also very generously supported the USA Pavilion at the 2010 World’s Fair in Shanghai, a project that Hillary championed. While visiting China on November 16, 2009, Hillary announced that Boeing “has just agreed to double its contribution to $2 million.” But this gift was fishy, too. “Clinton did not point out that, to secure the donation, the State Department had set aside ethics guidelines that first prohibited solicitations of Boeing and then later permitted only a $1 million gift from the company,” Rosalind S. Helderman explained in the April 13, 2014, Washington Post. “State Department officials ruled out soliciting Boeing and other large firms with significant business relationships with the government.” These authorities then changed their minds and permitted Boeing’s contribution, although no one can explain how Boeing shattered that $1 million ceiling. Hillary Clinton also favored Skolkovo, an “innovation city” near Moscow, which enjoyed some $5 billion in Russian-government seed money. She discussed Skolkovo with Russia’s then-president, Dimitry Medvedev. “At a long meeting I had with Medvedev outside Moscow in October 2009, he raised his plan to build a high-tech corridor in Russia modeled after our own Silicon Valley,” Hillary said. “When I suggested that he visit the original in California, he turned to his staff and told them to follow up.” The month before Medved’s June 2010 visit to Silicon Valley, the State Department arranged for 22 leading U.S. venture capitalists to tour Skolkovo. Under Hillary, State encouraged American companies to participate in the Skolkovo project. Cisco, Google, and Intel are among those that got involved. By 2012, Skolkovo boasted 28 “Key Partners” in the U.S., Europe, and Russia. Among these major supporting organizations, three-fifths had donated or pledged funds to the Clinton Foundation or paid speaking fees to Bill Clinton. According to From Russia with Money, an August 2016 study by the Government Accountability Institute, these 17 “Key Partner” entities donated between $6.5 million and $23.5 million to the Clinton Foundation. Far more troubling, in 2014, the FBI wrote companies that operated in Skolkovo or backed the Skolkovo Foundation. “The foundation may be a means for the Russian government to access our nation’s sensitive or classified research development facilities and dual-use technologies with military and commercial application,” warned Boston-based FBI agent Lucia Ziobro. “The FBI believes the true motives of the Russian partners, who are often funded by their government, is to gain access to classified, sensitive, and emerging technology from the companies.” The U.S. Army Foreign Military Studies Program at Fort Leavenworth concluded in 2013: “Skolkovo is arguably an overt alternative to clandestine industrial espionage.” The Clintons actually did these things. This is no unicorn hunt. No theory, speculation, or breathless, Cold War fantasy is required. These actions (and inactions) happened. When it comes to Team Trump, Democrats and their journalist pals are as relentless as bloodhounds chasing escaped jailbirds. And yet, regarding the Clintons, the Democrats and old-guard news people are as ferocious as puppies enjoying a roaring fireplace. By all means, let Congress and the media get to the bottom of what, if anything, Russia may have done to influence last year’s elections and what, if anything, Team Trump did to help. But let’s also root out what, if anything, the Clintons did to advance Russia’s strategic position, while feathering their nests. These are vital questions for both sides, and dogged investigators need to dig up all the answers. Puppies need not apply. — Deroy Murdock is a Manhattan-based Fox News contributor and a contributing editor of National Review Online. William de Wolff furnished research for this opinion piece. Load More Photo Essay Defending America About Institute Advertise Contact NR Facebook Twitter Google+ Privacy
Computerworld Qantas Wi-Fi enters ‘beta’ News Technology News Business Cloud Computing Data Centre Gaming Dev Government Infrastructure Mobility Networking Open Source Security Servers Social Networking Software Software Development Storage Tech Planet Telecoms Tutorials Unified Comms Virtualisation Tools Blogs Editorial Contacts Events IT Media Releases Join Computerworld Newsletters NBN RSS Slideshows Vendor View Videos Zones Jobs Whitepapers All Whitepapers Business + Management Cloud Computing CRM Data Centre Data Management Disaster Recovery Network Security Storage Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Wireless Other Whitepapers Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. Twitter Facebook Qantas Wi-Fi enters ‘beta’ Offers public access to Wi-Fi on one of its aircraft Rohan Pearce (Computerworld) 07 April, 2017 17:08 - - - - print email Comments Qantas is offering public access to Wi-Fi on one of its Boeing 737 aircraft while it “continues to fine-tune the system”. In a statement the airline said testing is expected to be completed by mid-year. Qantas will then roll wireless Internet access out across its Airbus 330s and Boeing 737s flying domestic routes within Australia. In total, some 80 aircraft are expected to get onboard Wi-Fi. The system, courtesy of a deal with ViaSat, uses NBN’s Sky Muster satellites. “Inflight Wi-Fi has been on our wish list for quite a while, but the sheer size of Australia meant it was hard to offer a service that was fast and reliable,” Qantas Group CEO Alan Joyce said. “The NBN has made it possible and we’re really pleased to be able to tap into this service.” “The technology we’re using on-board this 737 is a generation ahead of what most airlines around the world have and there’s a fair amount of complexity involved,” the CEO said. “That’s why we’ve installed it on one aircraft for the first few months until we’ve finished fine tuning and are ready to roll out to the rest of the domestic fleet. “On flights between Melbourne, Sydney and Brisbane, where we have a lot of business travellers, we expect the system to get a real work out with email and web browsing. We also know customers want down time, which is why we’ve partnered with streaming services like Foxtel and Stan so there’s no shortage of things to help people tune out.” Qantas announced plans in February 2016 to offer in-flight Internet connectivity by leveraging NBN’s satellite service. Read More: Not enough Australian dial-up users to bother counting, ABS says ISPs to be named and shamed: ACCC to monitor NBN speeds 7 Habits of the Effective Network Manager More from NetScout Join the Computerworld newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags QantassatelliteNetworkingNational Broadband Network (NBN)national broadband networkSky Muster More about FoxtelQantasViaSat Editor's Recommendations Spotlight on cyber security at ATO, DHS and Immigration Not enough Australian dial-up users to bother counting, ABS says ISPs to be named and shamed: ACCC to monitor NBN speeds Cloud a cure for Australasian tech's stunted growth, says Xero CEO and start-ups Consumer watchdog takes Apple to court Google, Telstra back new subsea cable system Read more Netscout Partner Zone Web Events Cloud Migration: The Comprehensive Checklist to Success Tomorrow's success comes from today's data Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education Related Whitepapers A New Paradigm for Network Problem Solving Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Apple breaks with secrecy to rebut negative narrative Government launches geospatial data portal ​Cybersecurity nears tipping point CSO Online In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... Government launches geospatial data portal Editorial Contacts Advertising Information Privacy Policy RSS Newsletters Events Whitepapers News Zones IT Media Releases Slideshows Videos Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | CIO | CMO | CSO | Techworld | ARN | CIO Executive Council
Computerworld Qantas Wi-Fi enters ‘beta’ News Technology News Business Cloud Computing Data Centre Gaming Dev Government Infrastructure Mobility Networking Open Source Security Servers Social Networking Software Software Development Storage Tech Planet Telecoms Tutorials Unified Comms Virtualisation Tools Blogs Editorial Contacts Events IT Media Releases Join Computerworld Newsletters NBN RSS Slideshows Vendor View Videos Zones Jobs Whitepapers All Whitepapers Business + Management Cloud Computing CRM Data Centre Data Management Disaster Recovery Network Security Storage Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Wireless Other Whitepapers Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. Twitter Facebook Qantas Wi-Fi enters ‘beta’ Offers public access to Wi-Fi on one of its aircraft Rohan Pearce (Computerworld) 07 April, 2017 17:08 - - - - print email Comments Qantas is offering public access to Wi-Fi on one of its Boeing 737 aircraft while it “continues to fine-tune the system”. In a statement the airline said testing is expected to be completed by mid-year. Qantas will then roll wireless Internet access out across its Airbus 330s and Boeing 737s flying domestic routes within Australia. In total, some 80 aircraft are expected to get onboard Wi-Fi. The system, courtesy of a deal with ViaSat, uses NBN’s Sky Muster satellites. “Inflight Wi-Fi has been on our wish list for quite a while, but the sheer size of Australia meant it was hard to offer a service that was fast and reliable,” Qantas Group CEO Alan Joyce said. “The NBN has made it possible and we’re really pleased to be able to tap into this service.” “The technology we’re using on-board this 737 is a generation ahead of what most airlines around the world have and there’s a fair amount of complexity involved,” the CEO said. “That’s why we’ve installed it on one aircraft for the first few months until we’ve finished fine tuning and are ready to roll out to the rest of the domestic fleet. “On flights between Melbourne, Sydney and Brisbane, where we have a lot of business travellers, we expect the system to get a real work out with email and web browsing. We also know customers want down time, which is why we’ve partnered with streaming services like Foxtel and Stan so there’s no shortage of things to help people tune out.” Qantas announced plans in February 2016 to offer in-flight Internet connectivity by leveraging NBN’s satellite service. Read More: Not enough Australian dial-up users to bother counting, ABS says ISPs to be named and shamed: ACCC to monitor NBN speeds 7 Habits of the Effective Network Manager More from NetScout Join the Computerworld newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags QantassatelliteNetworkingNational Broadband Network (NBN)national broadband networkSky Muster More about FoxtelQantasViaSat Editor's Recommendations Spotlight on cyber security at ATO, DHS and Immigration Not enough Australian dial-up users to bother counting, ABS says ISPs to be named and shamed: ACCC to monitor NBN speeds Cloud a cure for Australasian tech's stunted growth, says Xero CEO and start-ups Consumer watchdog takes Apple to court Google, Telstra back new subsea cable system Read more Netscout Partner Zone Web Events Cloud Migration: The Comprehensive Checklist to Success Tomorrow's success comes from today's data Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education Related Whitepapers A New Paradigm for Network Problem Solving Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Apple breaks with secrecy to rebut negative narrative Government launches geospatial data portal ​Cybersecurity nears tipping point CSO Online In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... Government launches geospatial data portal Editorial Contacts Advertising Information Privacy Policy RSS Newsletters Events Whitepapers News Zones IT Media Releases Slideshows Videos Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | CIO | CMO | CSO | Techworld | ARN | CIO Executive Council
검색 Politics Social Affairs Foreign Affairs Defense North Korea Sharing Science Diplomatic Circuit Education Environment Economy Finance Industry Technology Automode Management Culture Travel Fashion Food & Beverage Books People Expat Living Design Health Film Television Music Arts Hallyu Soccer Baseball Golf More Sports World News World Business Asia News Network Editorial Viewpoints Voice Airstrikes on Syria might also send message to North Korea The Korea Herald > Business > Industry Low-cost carrier demand will continue to grow: Boeing   Published : 2017-04-07 15:49 Updated : 2017-04-07 18:00 The Korean low-cost carrier market has virtually “no limit” to potential expansion, according to a Boeing executive Friday. Speaking at a symposium about the global low-cost carrier market at the Conrad Seoul, Boeing’s Managing Director of Marketing for Northeast Asia Darren Hulst did not agree with concerns about the low-cost market reaching a saturation point. Boeing Managing Director of Marketing for Northeast Asia Darren Hulst speaks at the Conrad Seoul Friday. (Boeing Korea) “There’s additional destinations that can still be served,” he said. “We will see not only frequency growth, but also brand-new markets that are launched because of airplane capabilities and demand in the marketplace. With low fares and efficient costs, there’s a tremendous amount of expansion that is possible.” The greatest growth driver of all will be demand for Chinese routes, Hulst said, calling the recent dip due to political tensions between Seoul and Beijing a “short-term” challenge. “The demand that’s potentially there in China is in both directions. There’s plenty of demand for Koreans to travel to China, but there is so much outbound traffic demand in China that has yet to be satisfied, because of the tremendous growth of middle classes in China,” he said. “Once these restrictions are removed and we see more of a deregulated market, there will be an explosion of growth that will last for decades.” Even in the short term, Hulst noted that the number of seats provided by low-cost carriers in Korea has grown at an average rate of 20 percent over the past six years while that of full-service carriers grew at an average rate of 2 percent. “As of the end of 2016, one-third of domestic and regional Asia capacity now belongs to low-cost airlines,” Hulst said. “In the recent two-year period especially, the key driver of this growth has been LCCs expanding internationally.” According to data presented by Hulst, seats offered by Korea’s low-cost carriers to domestic destinations grew by 3 percent between 2015 and 2017, while the total number of seats grew by 59 percent. In particular, capacity to international destinations in Japan, Southeast Asia and the Pacific more than doubled over this period. This quick growth in the low-cost carrier market is especially important to aircraft manufacturers like Boeing because of the growth in their fleets. Currently, Korean Air has added two planes since April last year, while Asiana Airlines’ fleet has decreased by one in the same period. Meanwhile, low-cost carriers have increased their fleets by a total of 24 planes. “LCCs are responsible for all of the aviation fleet growth in Korea in the past year,” Hulst said. Many LCCs are currently flying Boeing’s 737 NGs in their fleets, with the plane maker hoping to launch the upgraded 737 Max here this year.  By Won Ho-jung (hjwon@heraldcorp.com) 영어뉴스를 통한 ListeningㆍReading 실력 향상 단기 학습 프로그램 [NEST] 1. Airstrikes on Syria might al... 2. Park questioned in jail agai... 3. Trump stresses alliance with... 4. US strikes win global praise... 5. THAAD row with China affects... 6. Hwang, Trump hold phone talk... 7. Trump drops China bashing du... 8. US to 'chart own course' on ... 9. Trump, Xi showdown fails to ... 10. Trump accepts Xi's invitatio... 1. Hazy future of South Korean... 2. Presidential race turns unp... 3. Trump, Xi showdown fails to ... 4. Trump kicks off meetings wit... 5. Trump accepts Xi's invitatio... 6. S. Korea plays to 1-1 draw w... 7. THAAD row with China affects... 8. Fair vetting 9. Air pollution thrust onto p... 10. KT, Verizon test world’s fi... THE HERALD BUSINESS THE KOREA HERALD THE JUNIOR HERALD THE HERALD BUSINESS(USA) HERALD EDU HERALD ARCADEMY SEOUL/BUSAN/MOKPO/GEOJE ENGLISH VILLAGES DIGITAL HERALD HERALD ARTDAY HERALD ECOCHEM Herald Corporation | 주소: Huam-ro 4-gil 10, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, Korea | 제호: The Korea Herald | Online newspaper registration number: Seoul 아03711 Date of registration: 2015.04.28 | Publisher. Editor: Kwon Chung Won | Juvenile Protection Manager: Shin Chang Hoon | Tel : 02)727-0114
HOME Print Edition PageView Flip PDF Tablet Mobile Other Publications The Acorn Camarillo Acorn Moorpark Acorn Simi Valley Acorn Thousand Oaks Acorn Beyond Submission Forms Contact Us Login Browse Archives News Front Page Community Faith Family Pets Business Health & Wellness Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Sports On the Town Schools Real Estate Calendar Police Blotter Neighbors Advertising Advertising Information Private Party Order Rentals Order Service Directory E-mail Us 2017-04-07 / Front Page Tweet Print Knight urges NASA to save test stands Letter receives bipartisan support By Melissa Simon melissa@theacorn.com HISTORIC PLACES—The remaining Coca test stand at the Santa Susana Field Lab, pictured above in 2014, was used to support NASA’s Apollo program. At right, historical photographs detailing NASA accomplishments are on display near an Alfa rocket test stand, also pictured in 2014. U.S. Rep. Steve Knight is spearheading an effort to save the remaining rocket test stands and preserve the Chumash cave paintings at the Santa Susana Field Lab in the southern hills of Simi Valley. On March 21, Knight (R-Simi Valley) sent a letter to Robert Lightfoot, NASA’s acting administrator, urging the preservation of the test stands and cave paintings due to their “legacy and symbolic importance.” “This is a two-pronged effort to make sure that we do everything we can to preserve some of the historical value of . . . what we’ve done in the space industry and also to make sure the American Indian sacred sites are guarded,” Knight told the Simi Valley Acorn on Tuesday. “We don’t want those (stands) to just get mowed over, because then what protections would there be for the sacred sites? This is not just a part of space history, it’s part of Southern California’s history.” ACORN FILE PHOTOS In the letter, Knight cites the field lab’s involvement in the first American-made rocket engine in 1950; in 33 Saturn and Apollo missions, including the first mission to land a man on the moon in 1969; and in the work with the Space Shuttle starting in 1981. The 2,850-acre field lab, however, had also been used for decades as a nuclear test site and for research in the development of ballistic missiles. Today, Boeing Co. owns 80 percent of the property, including Area IV where a partial nuclear meltdown occurred in 1959. The federal government owns the remaining 20 percent, including Area II, where six remaining historic rocket test stands and cave paintings are located. A complex multi- agency cleanup effort by Boeing, NASA, the Department of Toxic Substances Control and U.S Department of Energy has been underway at SSFL for nearly a decade. Per cleanup agreements, NASA began demolishing buildings on the federal government’s portion of the site in 2014, although takedown of the test stands was deferred in 2015 after some activists began calling for preservation. ‘Very troubling’ Denise Duffield, who is lobbying for a cleanup of the entire field lab to background standards— meaning all materials unnatural to the site would be removed—said it is impossible to remove all contamination from SSFL and preserve the test stands. “Most of the contamination on NASA’s property is located under and near the test stands. We’re talking about very toxic materials and in very high quantities,” Duffield said. She said Knight’s letter is “very troubling” and she’s concerned it will be used by NASA and Boeing to push for weaker cleanup standards. Current agreements in place require NASA to clean up Area II to background standards, while certain portions of the field lab under Boeing’s charge must be remediated to suburban residential standards—meaning people could live on-site without getting sick from contamination. (Despite the standards, Boeing intends to preserve its portion as open space.) “From a public health perspective, the SSFL site must be fully cleaned up before there is even consideration of designating it a park or national monument,” Duffield said. “Otherwise, the polluters will use the park status to (leave) gross quantities of toxic materials on the site that will continue to migrate and impact local communities.” But Knight argues that preserving the stands will not impede remediation. “The cleanup is still one of our highest priorities, ensuring that it’s cleaned up to . . . where people can go enjoy a recreational-type of place,” the congressman said. ‘Preserve and protect’ In 2015, activist Christina Walsh started a petition on change.org asking President Barack Obama to designate the site as a national monument in an effort to preserve the test stands and the cave paintings. Although the petition is what caused NASA to defer demolition of the test stands two years ago, it seems to have stalled, as no updates have been posted since July 2015. Knight said his letter—which was signed by U.S. Reps. Julia Brownley (D-Thousand Oaks), Ted Lieu (D-Los Angeles), Tony Cardenas (D-Van Nuys), Adam Schiff (D-Burbank) and Brad Sherman (D-Sherman Oaks)—is separate from Walsh’s effort. In a statement provided in an email to the Acorn, Brownley said everything should be done to “preserve and protect important cultural and historic features,” a task she believes can be accomplished while still meeting cleanup requirements. “The beautiful cave paintings . . . juxtaposed with the test stands from NASA’s Mercury and Apollo era create a unique and remarkable cultural and historic connection between this ancient Native American astronomical observatory and religious shrine and the site’s role in propelling us into the modern space age,” Brownley said. Jennifer Stanfield, a NASA spokesperson, confirmed the agency has received Knight’s letter but declined to answer specific questions about what happens next. The agency only provided a statement saying NASA is as “equally committed to preserving the cultural legacy of the site” as it is to protecting human health and the environment. “We appreciate the significant public interest in the site’s rich history and at this time plan to continue to defer demolition of the historic test stand structures, unless they pose risks to safety, health or the environment that cannot be mitigated,” the statement reads. Return to top Copyright © 2004-2017 J.Bee NP Publishing, Ltd., All Rights Reserved. Newspaper web site content management software and services
English Hindi Gujarati App Subscription Specials Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Stocks Feedback Sign in Keep me signed in Forgot password? connect with Don’t have an account? My Profile My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages My Alerts Register New to Moneycontrol - Sign up now Its easy and FREE! Username should be atleast 4 characters Username available Username not available Suggested Usernames Password should be 8 or more characters,atleast 1 number, 1 symbol (except #) & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Keep me signed in OR connect with Logout Login Register My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages Sign out Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 View All Select Language English हिंदी गुजराती Home News Markets Portfolio Watchlist Forum Live TV & Shows Videos Saved Videos Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds Personal Finance Property Specials Invest Now Master Your Money SME Special Real Assets Travel Cafe Tech Control Subscriptions Game Changers Sudarshan Sukhani C. K. Narayan T Gnanasekar Ambareesh Baliga Mecklai Financial Investment Watch Power Your Trade Home #GST #NPA #YogiAdityanath Companies Economy Politics Interviews Property World Announcements #GNRC2017 #TravelCafe News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Politics India World Technology Startups Markets Home Pre-Market Advice Technicals F&O Results IPO All Stats Global Markets Currencies Bonds Tools Terminal Mutual Funds Home Learn Evaluate Buy Track Tools Interact ETFs Investment Watch PowerYourTrade Apps Commodities Startups Opinion Property Home Rates Experts Tools FAQs Real Assets Personal Finance Home Planning Investing Insurance Tax Retirement Loans Credit Cards Real Estate Fixed Income Master Your Money Portfolio Forum Gallery Live TV CNBC-TV18 All Stocks App Subscriptions Specials Feedback Qutoes Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 Farma x India INE890I01035, FARMAXIND, 590094 Solar Farma chem , 524360 More » you are here: HomeNewsBusinessMarkets-business Apr 07, 2017 09:01 AM IST | Source: Reuters Airbus, Boeing close in on Qantas' ultra-long haul dream As long as oil prices don't go much higher than around $70 per barrel, the 20-hour flight can be financially viable, and could be on schedules within five years, aviation experts say. Both Airbus and Boeing now offer aircraft that appear capable of flying non-stop commercial flights from Sydney to London - the "Holy Grail" for Australian carrier Qantas Airways Ltd. As long as oil prices don't go much higher than around USD 70 per barrel, the 20-hour flight can be financially viable, and could be on schedules within five years, aviation experts say. Airbus has increased the range of its A350-900ULR to 9,700 nautical miles (17,960 kms) from the 8,700 nautical miles announced when it sold the plane to Singapore Airlines in 2015 for delivery next year, a spokesman told Reuters. Including headwinds, the Sydney-London flight is equivalent to 9,600 nautical miles. "These aircraft, we think, are potentially real goers on these routes," Qantas CEO Alan Joyce told Reuters of the A350-900ULR and the bigger but less advanced Boeing 777-8. "You know from what they have done on other aircraft that Sydney-London and Melbourne-London has real possibility." For Qantas, a non-stop Sydney-London route that cuts three hours off the flight time would allow it to charge a premium and differentiate its product from the around two dozen other airlines plying the so-called Kangaroo route with stop-offs in Singapore, Dubai and Hong Kong. The route accounts for only 13 percent of Qantas' international capacity, but carries the prestige QF1 flight number and is important to its global brand. Qantas could charge around a 20 percent price premium for a non-stop Sydney-London flight as it would attract business and premium leisure travellers wanting to complete the trip as fast as possible, said Rico Merkert, a professor specialising in transport at the University of Sydney's business school. "It's something that can be presented as a unique selling point for Qantas," he said. FUELLING DOUBTS Qantas begins non-stop flights from Perth to London next year, using the Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner. For this scheduled flight, the Dreamliner will have fewer seats than usual, will use the most advanced flight path modelling methods, and will reduce the weight in areas seemingly as minor as the dishes and forks. The Perth flight will take 17 hours - a far cry from the four days and seven stops it took when Qantas created the Kangaroo Route to London in 1947. Qantas can offset the higher cost of carrying more fuel to complete the flight by saving on stopover costs, such as airport charges, ground handling, taxes, crew hotel rooms and lounge usage. "In terms of economics, much depends on fuel prices," said Teal Group aerospace analyst Richard Aboulafia. "If they stay at $50 a barrel or less, it should be possible to keep costs reasonable. But as fuel goes up, the disadvantages of flying a very heavy plane begin to make ultra-long haul problematic." He said the flight should remain economic at prices below around $70 a barrel, though Leeham Co analyst Bjorn Fehrm said the actual level could be far higher as one-stop rivals would also be squeezed by higher oil prices. Singapore Airlines ended its New York and Los Angeles flights using the four-engined A340-500 in 2013 when oil prices topped $107 a barrel. The carrier is now waiting for delivery of the far more fuel-efficient twin-engined A350-900ULR next year. HEADWINDS Qantas is pushing the planemakers hard on a stretch goal of completing the Sydney-London flight with 300 seats to give it the highest possible revenue and fleet flexibility. However, Fehrm said the aircraft would likely fall short of that goal if Qantas wanted to avoid a fuel stop on the westbound leg when headwinds are strongest. If such stopovers became frequent enough, Qantas would lose its ability to charge a premium on the route. Two aviation industry sources said the Airbus A350-900ULR would fit more than 250 passengers on the Sydney-London route, up from the 170 mainly business-class seats on Singapore Airlines' configuration for flights to New York and Los Angeles. Boeing's 777-8, due to enter service early in the next decade, could carry around 280 passengers on the westbound leg of the Sydney-London flight, the sources said. The sources declined to be named because the configuration details are not finalised. Airbus and Boeing declined to comment specifically on the seat count. "We think our airplane has the legs and the capability," said Dinesh Keskar, Boeing Senior Vice President Sales Asia-Pacific and India. "If the 787-9 can do Perth-London, we think that when the 777-8 comes out in the 2021 timeframe we will have a lot more improvement in technology." Airbus, Boeing and engine manufacturers are constantly investing to reduce fuel usage, extending a plane's range and its ability to perform in hot conditions like the Middle East. That means the planemakers don't have to invest specifically for any Qantas order, the size of which is still unclear. Pushing the seat count towards 300 would also give Qantas the flexibility to use these aircraft on other long routes, such as a mooted Sydney-New York flight, as it looks to replace six ageing 747-400ER planes and eventually its fleet of 12 A380s. BEST PRICING Qantas' Joyce has raised publicly the possibility of ordering the 777-8 for ultra-long haul flights for the last two years, but the A350-900ULR has entered the equation more recently. "It has added competition, and we would be crazy if we didn't do a competition at the right time," Joyce said. "That gets you the best pricing and ... the most capable aircraft." Qantas has yet to launch a formal tender process for the prestige order, as it waits for Boeing to finalise the specifications on the 777-8. But the first Sydney-London flights are possible around 2022, Joyce said."The Kangaroo route is probably the most competitive on the globe," Joyce said. "(Flying non-stop) takes us off this superhighway of very competitive conditions of capacity which is priced, in many cases, under costs." tags #Airbus #Boeing #Qantas Airways #World News Related news Business 3 killed as truck drives into crowd in Stockholm; Swedish PM indicates 'terror' attack Apr 07, 2017 08:06 PM Business 'Thousand reasons' to make Sino-US ties work: Xi to Trump Apr 07, 2017 08:05 PM Business UN Security Council to meet today on US strikes in Syria Apr 07, 2017 07:25 PM Business U.S. job growth slows sharply, unemployment rate falls to 4.5 percent Apr 07, 2017 07:05 PM Business Russian military says Syrian air defences to be 'strengthened' Apr 07, 2017 06:09 PM Business EU regulators to approve Fox takeover of Sky - sources Apr 07, 2017 05:40 PM Business Fear of retirement is 'greatest problem' in the US, says CEO of world's largest money manager Apr 07, 2017 03:04 PM Business Donald Trump welcomes Xi for first summit amidst Syria crisis Apr 07, 2017 01:43 PM Business Sterling set for first fall in four weeks, eyes on output data Apr 07, 2017 01:37 PM News Most Popular Top News Maybe it's time for hostile takeovers; govt must back honest risks: Uday Kotak D-Mart bumper listing: Should you buy, book profits or hold shares? Govt wants to ban cash transactions above Rs 2 lakh Will auction Aamby Valley if Rs 5,000 cr not paid: SC to Sahara Top five big mistakes to avoid when markets trade near life-time highs India not China, we're not politically fixing GDP numbers: Arvind Subramanian After Air India-Gaikwad row, Modi govt plans no-fly list for unruly fliers Why state-owned refiners can’t go wrong with daily fuel prices see more Video of the day See 20% earnings growth for FY18; market to climb wall of worry: Enam Holdings Portfolio Markets Watchlist Live TV Show Currencies Commodities Fixed Income Personal Finance Mutual Fund Stock Market India IPO Global Market Budget 2017 BSE Sensex Forum News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Startups Stocks: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z | Others Mutual Funds: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z Visit the App Store to see all our apps: Tools Retirement Planning EMI Calculator SIP Calculator SIP Planner Useful Links Budget 2016 Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Best Portfolio Manager Small Savings Schemes Bonds Specials Master Your Money Gamechanger Travelcafe SME Special Investment Watch Power your Ttade MoneyBhai Focus Grow My Money GE Step Ahead SME Step Up Feedback & Info feedback@moneycontrol.com About us | Contact Us | Feedback | Disclaimer | Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | Careers | Financial Terms (Glossary) | Sitemap | RSS Feed Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Sections » Home » Forum » IPO » Markets » Mutual Funds » Budget 2017 » Commodities » Real Asset » News » Currencies » SME Special » Portfolio » Fixed Income » Watchlist » Property » Stock List » MF List » Glossary » Sitemap » Live TV & Shows » Personal Finance » Power Your Trade Desktop Version » Follow us on Available On Disclaimer | Terms of Use | Privacy Statement | Sitemap | Feedback Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd All rights resderved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Saturday, April 08, 2017 As of 4:42 PM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video News Aerospace company Boeing's new programme to create 250 Australian jobs By Leo Oliver @shauryaarya1 on April 07 2017 12:29 PM 0 0 0 0 Employees of All Nippon Airways (ANA) queue in front of the company's Boeing 787 Dreamliner plane after its test flight at Haneda airport in Tokyo April 28, 2013. Reuters/Yuya Shino Aerospace company Boeing is establishing a new office in Adelaide, which will lead to the creation of as many as 250 jobs. Scheduled to open next week, the new office will support advanced military systems and engage in research and development. The project has been financially supported by the South Australian government through Investment Attraction South Australia and Defence SA. The deal for the new office was signed on Thursday by Premier Jay Weatherill and Boeing Defence Australia managing director Darren Edwards. Additionally, the company will be making an investment worth $500,000 for the Techstars global accelerator programme. "Part of that programme will be providing local start-ups each year with access to experienced mentors, advanced research and technology,” Edwards said, adding that Boeing’s move to South Australia was a “long time coming.” "This is the start of a journey for us. This is the start of growing much bigger in the state," he said. Techstars aids startup businesses by helping them secure capital, marketing and employees. According to Weatherill, the new Boeing office would lead to flow-on effects for the state’s economy. Additionally, it will better opportunities for its university graduates. "What it's about is young people being able to stay here in Adelaide and get a great job," he said. "It's always been a great place to live, it's becoming a really exciting place to live. The thing that's been missing is the great job." The development comes as good news for South Australia, Weatherill said. It would provide the state with an economic boost, he said, adding that the deal would see an extension beyond its initial period. Boeing has a workforce of almost 140,000 people internationally in manufacturing of commercial airliners, military aircraft and defence, space and security systems. The aerospace company’s presence in Australia has been the largest following the United States. In Australia, the company employs in excess of 3,000 people, majority of who are in Queensland. With the help of the new programme in Adelaide, Boeing will aid 10 companies create and commercialise state-of-the-art defence and security and technology. The Adelaide programme will run from July until October this year. South Australia recently attracted engineering support services company Babcock, which said last year it was looking to shift its Australasian headquarters from Brisbane to Adelaide owing to the state’s growing Defence industry. The news comes as the state has been continuously losing jobs in car manufacturing and other industries. Source: YouTube/The Dallas Morning News Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related Qantas order Boeing 787 Dreamliner for long flights British Airways to lower fare by adding 52 seats on Boeing 777 flights beginning 2018 Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 Coal prices continue upward trend 0 Shares 2 'Curb Your Enthusiasm season 9' wraps up production, release date likely in fall 2017 0 Shares 3 MACA preferred tenderer for earthworks project 0 Shares 4 Iron ore stockpiles at Chinese ports 'very dangerous for the price' 0 Shares 5 Large businesses push back against Trump’s climate change, immigration policies 0 Shares 6 NASA: Friday marks Jupiter’s closest approach to Earth in 2017 0 Shares 7 NBA Trade: Carmelo Anthony could join Damian Lillard, C.J. McCollum and the Trail Blazers next season 0 Shares 8 'Outlander' season 3: First scenes revealed in new Starz video 0 Shares 9 ‘Pokemon GO’ PvP Battle and Easter Event 0 Shares 10 ‘Vikings’ season 5: Katheryn Winnick photo suggests Lagertha isn’t going away soon 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed Volkswagen to sell diesel-powered cars in the US Woolworths: Pick date to pack date for supermarket produce Amazon to collect sales tax in Hawaii, Idaho, Maine and New Mexico on April 1 Spotify acquires MightyTV, helps users decide what to watch New Optus and Yes TV fixed broadband plans Salim Mehajer faces two charges in a 24-hour period More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance Study shows Western Australians are unhappiest at work; older, female employees are more satisfied Melania Trump criticised in first lady portrait, petition for her to move to the White House gets 500,000 signatures MACA preferred tenderer for earthworks project Cyclone Debbie affects coal exports Melania Trump welcomes Queen Rania of Jordan, heads to an all-girls school Pump hydro storage can help build 100 percent renewable energy grid More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East Daryl Morey claims Rockets have same shot at NBA championship as Spurs, Warriors Lakers News: Lonzo Ball badly wants to go to Los Angeles rather than be No. 1 pick in 2017 NBA Draft NBA News: Dwyane Wade wants to help Bulls’ playoff push, will return Saturday vs Nets NFL Trade News: Seattle Seahawks CB Richard Sherman possibly joining Tom Brady, Bill Belichick with New England Patriots Patriots-Seahawks Trade Update: Richard Sherman not going to New England World No. 1 ranking not a priority, says Roger Federer's coach More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More 'Yooka-Laylee' is far from perfect ‘Pokemon GO’ PvP Battle and Easter Event Xiaomi CEO confirms Mi 6 launch date Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus prototypes hint at dual cameras TSA refuses medicinal cannabis on flights, regrets error Facebook cracking down on ‘revenge porn’ More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design 'Santa Clarita Diet' star Drew Barrymore shares some dating tips Inspiration behind Darth Vader castle Stephen Amell to hurdle ‘American Ninja Warrior’ celebrity edition extreme courses Netflix's '13 Reasons Why' Katherine Langford: Interesting facts about Perth-based actress ‘American Crime’ season 3 episode 5 spoiler: Shae considers another abortion, Dustin introduces the teen prostitute to new work Rupert Sanders, Kristen Stewart affair: Sanders says he is 'bound to make more mistakes' More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Navigation Home Main Navigation Home News Business International Politics Letters Opinion Entertainment Cartoons Business Buzz Sport MyClassifieds Return to Content You are here: Home › Business › RwandAir thrives as AirZim shrinks RwandAir thrives as AirZim shrinks April 7, 2017 in Business One of Africa’s youngest airlines, RwandAir, took to the skies and flew into Harare this week, signifying its aggressive expansion drive. By Taurai Mangudhla RwandAir flies to 20 destinations in West, East, Central and Southern Africa. It started flying to Harare this week. RwandAir, established 15 years ago, made its maiden Kigali-Harare flight on Wednesday amid pomp and fanfare. The milestone was a stark contract to its host; Air Zimbabwe, once a thriving airline at Independence in 1980 with 18 planes. While RwandAir is expanding fast, AirZim is shrinking and now faces the prospect of liquidation to start afresh from the ashes of failure. Years of extended mismanagement have seen its fleet reduce to only four, Modern Ark: MA60, Boeing: B737-200 Advanced, B767-200ER and an Airbus A320-200. RwandAir’s fleet of 11 aircraft is made up of two wide body planes (A330-300 and A330-200), three Boeing 737-800, two Boeing 737-700, two Bombadier CRJ-900 and two Bombadier Q400. Another modern aircraft is expected to be added to the family soon and allow the airline to pursue its expansion strategy effectively. Recently, the airline introduced Kigali-Mumbai flights as it expands its wings across the globe. Rwanda’s flag carrier RwandAir targets an average 60% load factor on its KigaliHarare flights, management has said. At an average 60% load factor, the airline will carry about 16 500 passengers on the route, RwandAir general manager commercial Mikael Gobena said on the side lines of a reception of the inaugural flight to Harare on Wednesday. “We are looking at about 60% load factor, we fly the (Bombadier CRJ-900) CRJ here that would be about 45 passengers per flight multiplied by 365 days,” Gobena said. “The main driver to achieve the 60% load factor is the service, affordable prices joined together.” “The source of passengers is traders, businessmen, and tourists not only from Harare, but also into Harare so we will have these tourists and investors. There are a number of sources, but we expect traders to drive.” Gobena said RwandAir currently flies to 20 destinations in West, East, Central and Southern Africa and plans to introduce new routes to Europe and the United States. Next week, Rwandese civil aviation officials will meet their Zambian counterparts with a view to conclude negotiations for clauses to start picking passengers in Zambia and Zimbabwe. The daily flights should be operational by end of May. RwandAir’s flights to Harare come as Ethiopian Airlines last week introduced flights between Addis Ababa and Harare. Reports also show that Kenya Airways plans to introduce three weekly flights between Nairobi and Victoria Falls by end of next month, while Airlink will later launch flights between Cape Town and Victoria Falls. Subscribe Subscribe to our e-mail newsletter to receive updates. Related Posts: Slight improvement in tobacco prices 600 furniture workers reel from non-payment of wages ZCTU picks judge to draft labour Bill Zimnat seeks to maintain growth Emcoz holds salary survey Heavy rains hamper milk production Unifreight recovers, posts US$1,7mln FY16 profit Place your ad here Loading... No comments yet. Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Comment Name (required) Email (will not be published) (required) Website Current ye@r * Leave this field empty Your ideal Partners for Success Like Us On Facebook Latest Popular Comments Zanu PF protests a terrible setback for Zim Frantic taxation not the solution The role of corporate treasury in turbulence Grace perfects art of expedient politics ‘Diamonds no longer major export’ Today Week Month All Jetpack plugin with Stats module needs to be enabled. Today Week Month All ZB Bank in dramatic retreat Nssa piles pressure on ZBFH FBCH and CBZH discounted book values, corporate governance gaps Battle over deputy chief justice looms Shady deal rocks Kariba Dam project Subscribe to The Independent now Subscribe Legal: Copyright Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Our Partners: The Standard Mail & Guardian Online NewsDay Southern Eye MyClassifieds Categories: News Business Magazines Cartoons Entertainment International Politics Opinion Sport Letters Videos Supplements The Independent: About Us Contacts Subscribe Advertise with us © 2017 The Zimind. All Rights reserved.
Saturday 8 April 2017 Home Trade News Trade News Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Media & Promotion Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Lifestyle Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Miscellaneous Other Sectors Business Directory Contact Advertise Newsletter Premium Content Home   » Travel, Tourism & Hospitality   » Story Iran airline inks deal for 30 Boeing jets SEATTLE, 1 days ago Boeing has signed an agreement with Iran Aseman Airlines, expressing the airline’s intent to purchase 30 Boeing 737 MAX airplanes with a list price value of $3 billion. The agreement also provides the airline with purchase rights for 30 additional 737 MAXs. According to the US Department of Commerce, an aerospace sale of this magnitude creates or sustains approximately 18,000 jobs in the United States. Deliveries would be scheduled to start in 2022. Boeing negotiated the agreement under authorizations from the US government following a determination that Iran had met its obligations under the nuclear accord signed in 2015. Boeing will look to the Office of Foreign Assets Control for approval to perform under this transaction, a statement said. Boeing continues to follow the lead of the US government with regards to working with Iran’s airlines, and any and all contracts with Iran’s airlines are contingent upon US government approval, it added. – TradeArabia News Service Tags: Boeing | 737 MAX | More Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Stories 270 firms take part in Riyadh Travel Fair Rixos Bab Al Bahr scoops four top awards Etihad backs Mumbai Indians for fourth consecutive year Boeing delivers 169 commercial jets in Q1 Boeing forms venture group for tech start-ups Marassi Al Bahrain introduces ‘Sunset Sessions’ The Oberoi Beach Resort, Al Zorah officially opens Dubai Duty Free wins double awards for CSR UK to host second B2B event for Muslim lifestyle sector ME carriers record strongest air travel demand growth New identity for Saraya Bandar Jissah Turkish Airlines offers enticing deals to Istanbul Etihad supports autism awareness Ultima Gstaad beckons Middle Eastern travellers Key dental forum to promote medical tourism in Bahrain Airbus launches interior services subsidiary Airbus wins top awards at Aircraft Interiors Expo Flydubai continues partnership with Recaro aircraft seating Airbus develops package of new A380 Cabin Enablers Final preparations underway for 'Bahrain For All' festival Recaro to supply Economy Class seats for Gulf Air's new fleet Plan a special getaway at Tilal Liwa Hotel Bahrain set for Heritage Festival New IntercityHotel signed in Oman Emirates introduces tablet loan service on US flights Oman Air to launch new daily flight to Manchester, UK Nakheel awards works deal for new Dragon City hotel Cayan Homes launches property promotions at Rotana hotel Emirates to offer double daily services to Bali Maldives ready to host international travel trade show Calendar of Events View all events Tools Exchange Rates Weather Forecast BBC World Service Ads Sectors | Information | About Us | Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Government & Laws Media & Promotion Back to top Trade News Newsletter Events Business Directory TradeArabia Network Advertising Contact Feedback Privacy Statement Terms of Service Web Feeds
Saturday 8 April 2017 Home Trade News Trade News Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Media & Promotion Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Lifestyle Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Miscellaneous Other Sectors Business Directory Contact Advertise Newsletter Premium Content Home   » Travel, Tourism & Hospitality   » Story Boeing forms venture group for tech start-ups CHICAGO, 1 days ago Boeing has announced investments in two technology start-ups through the ventures arm of a new group called Boeing HorizonX, which focuses on transformative aerospace technologies, manufacturing innovations and emerging business models. Boeing HorizonX has made a venture investment in Washington, DC-based Upskill, a provider of enterprise software for augmented reality wearables focused on enhancing productivity, quality and safety in manufacturing, field service and logistics. Boeing has been working with Upskill for more than two years to evaluate the use of its technology across multiple locations nationally. In addition, Boeing HorizonX is partnering with JetBlue Technology Ventures to invest in Zunum Aero, a Kirkland, Wash.-based company that is pursuing the development of alternative propulsion aircraft, with potential for performance and efficiency improvements in a range of aerospace applications. "Our ability to identify, shape and harness game-changing innovations wherever they are developed is key to sustaining and growing our leadership in aerospace," said Dennis Muilenburg, Boeing chairman, president and CEO. "Boeing HorizonX is tasked with ensuring we are fully engaged with opportunities from early-stage companies, market trends and emerging technologies while also fostering more rapid and effective internal innovation." Boeing HorizonX is led by Steve Nordlund, who takes this role after serving as vice president of strategy for Boeing Defense, Space & Security. Prior to his strategy role, Nordlund led Boeing's Autonomous Systems division. He has led strategy and business development organizations in both defense and commercial airplane business units at Boeing and helped launch venture-backed Insitu, which developed the ScanEagle and Integrator unmanned aerial systems. Boeing acquired Insitu in 2008. Boeing HorizonX will operate as part of the Corporate Development & Strategy group, which reports to Greg Smith, chief financial officer and executive vice president of Corporate Development & Strategy at Boeing, with alignment also to Boeing's chief technology officer and senior vice president of Boeing Engineering, Test & Technology, Greg Hyslop. In line with Boeing's plan for investing in future growth, Boeing HorizonX will have three focus areas: making targeted investments in new ventures and startups; seeking unique business opportunities for the company's aerospace technology; and assessing disruptive innovations and business strategies. "The Boeing HorizonX team will build on Boeing's advanced technology and depth of aerospace expertise in design, development and manufacturing while bringing in outside perspectives and leveraging the speed and agility of a wide range of companies and research organizations," Smith said. "As part of our company strategy to accelerate growth and productivity, we intend to be flexible and move quickly to identify technologies, business models and market opportunities that hold the promise of creating and delivering more value for our customers and other stakeholders." – TradeArabia News Service Tags: Boeing | More Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Stories 270 firms take part in Riyadh Travel Fair Rixos Bab Al Bahr scoops four top awards Etihad backs Mumbai Indians for fourth consecutive year Iran airline inks deal for 30 Boeing jets Boeing delivers 169 commercial jets in Q1 Marassi Al Bahrain introduces ‘Sunset Sessions’ The Oberoi Beach Resort, Al Zorah officially opens Dubai Duty Free wins double awards for CSR UK to host second B2B event for Muslim lifestyle sector ME carriers record strongest air travel demand growth New identity for Saraya Bandar Jissah Turkish Airlines offers enticing deals to Istanbul Etihad supports autism awareness Ultima Gstaad beckons Middle Eastern travellers Key dental forum to promote medical tourism in Bahrain Airbus launches interior services subsidiary Airbus wins top awards at Aircraft Interiors Expo Flydubai continues partnership with Recaro aircraft seating Airbus develops package of new A380 Cabin Enablers Final preparations underway for 'Bahrain For All' festival Recaro to supply Economy Class seats for Gulf Air's new fleet Plan a special getaway at Tilal Liwa Hotel Bahrain set for Heritage Festival New IntercityHotel signed in Oman Emirates introduces tablet loan service on US flights Oman Air to launch new daily flight to Manchester, UK Nakheel awards works deal for new Dragon City hotel Cayan Homes launches property promotions at Rotana hotel Emirates to offer double daily services to Bali Maldives ready to host international travel trade show Calendar of Events View all events Tools Exchange Rates Weather Forecast BBC World Service Ads Sectors | Information | About Us | Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Government & Laws Media & Promotion Back to top Trade News Newsletter Events Business Directory TradeArabia Network Advertising Contact Feedback Privacy Statement Terms of Service Web Feeds
Menu Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Boeing employees walk a new 787-10 Dreamliner down towards the delivery ramp area at the company’s facility in South Carolina on March 31. (AP Photo/Mic Smith) Aerospace blog Boeing deliveries were lower than expected in first quarter Dan Catchpole Fri Apr 7th, 2017 4:33pm Business You must sign in or register to continue reading content. EVERETT — The Boeing Co. delivered 169 commercial jets in the first three months of the year. That is lower than in recent years, but close to the pace typically set by the company at the beginning of the year. The drop compared to recent years is due to aircraft programs still in development. Boeing workers assembled several 737 MAXes and KC-46 aerial refueling tankers. However, both airplanes are still in testing. The 169 deliveries are about 22 percent of Boeing’s year-end target of 760 to 765 jet deliveries. That is not far off the company’s pace during the first three months of the year, when it typically delivers 23 percent of its annual total, Matthew McConnell, an investment analyst for RBC Capital Markets, said in a research note to clients. The company’s popular single-aisle 737 made up the bulk of deliveries with 113. Next was the 787 with 32 deliveries. Boeing delivered 21 777s, 2 767s and 1 747. The 747 is operating under a lease. Boeing Defense, Space & Security delivered 16 AH-64 Apache attack helicopters, 12 CH-47 Chinook heavy helicopters, 3 F-15 fighters, 6 F-19 fighters, 4 P-8 submarine hunters and 1 commercial or civil satellite.   Most Read State considers barriers on US 2 to stop cross-over crashes SNOHOMISH — The state is considering adding concrete barriers to prevent cross-over… Apr 7th, 2017 by Rikki King Petri Dish State Senate candidate Ken Smith doesn’t fit the GOP’s mold OLYMPIA — As an elected board member in the Northshore School District,… Apr 6th, 2017 by Jerry Cornfield New arrest made in 2005 Lake Stickney shooting death EVERETT — A man who was serving time in federal prison for… Apr 6th, 2017 by Scott North Budget inaction may mean cuts for housing voucher program EVERETT — Up to 140 low- income families in Everett may lose… Apr 6th, 2017 by Chris Winters Girl found living with monkeys in Indian forest By BISWAJEET BANERJEE / Associated Press LUCKNOW, India — Indian police are… Apr 6th, 2017 © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Contact Social media
Department of Defense Search Home About Biographies Office of the Secretary of Defense Insignias Officers Enlisted DoD 101 Military Departments Joint Chiefs of Staff U.S. Army U.S. Marine Corps U.S. Navy U.S. Air Force National Guard U.S. Coast Guard Unified Combatant Commands Military Service Seals A-Z List Leaders Secretary of Defense Biography Portrait Speeches Transcripts Photos Videos Travels Deputy Secretary of Defense Biography Portrait Speeches Transcripts Photos Travels Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Biography Portrait Transcripts Photos Videos Travels Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Biography Portrait Transcripts Photos News News Archive Face of Defense Press Advisories News Releases Publications Transcripts Speeches Casualty Status (PDF) Contracts DoD Live Blog RSS Other News Sources Photos Photo Gallery Photo Essays Week in Photos DVIDS DoD Flickr Imagery Archive Videos Live Events Defense TV DVIDS Special Reports QUICK LINKS Today in DoD Resources Contracts FAQs Contact DoD Legal & Administrative Privacy & Security Links Disclaimer Inspector General Section 508 Imagery Use FOIA No FEAR Act Web Policy Plain Writing Act Open GOV Strategic Plan Small Business Act Site Map Skip to main content (Press Enter). Today in DoD Resources Contracts FAQs Contact DoD Toggle navigation Department of Defense Department of Defense Home About Biographies Office of the Secretary of Defense Insignias Officers Enlisted DoD 101 Military Departments Joint Chiefs of Staff U.S. Army U.S. Marine Corps U.S. Navy U.S. Air Force National Guard U.S. Coast Guard Unified Combatant Commands Military Service Seals A-Z List Leaders Secretary of Defense Biography Portrait Speeches Transcripts Photos Videos Travels Deputy Secretary of Defense Biography Portrait Speeches Transcripts Photos Travels Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Biography Portrait Transcripts Photos Videos Travels Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Biography Portrait Transcripts Photos News News Archive Face of Defense Press Advisories News Releases Publications Transcripts Speeches Casualty Status (PDF) Contracts DoD Live Blog RSS Other News Sources Photos Photo Gallery Photo Essays Week in Photos DVIDS DoD Flickr Imagery Archive Videos Live Events Defense TV DVIDS Special Reports U.S. Department of Defense Search HomeNewsContractsContract View Contracts Press Operations Release No: CR-067-17 April 7, 2017 PRINT  |  E-MAIL CONTRACTS NAVY The Boeing Co., Seattle, Washington, is being awarded a not-to-exceed $144,939,328 modification to a previously awarded firm-fixed-price contract N00019-14-C-0067 for production concurrency upgrades for the P-8A Multi-Mission Maritime aircraft training system in support of the Navy and the government of Australia.  The training system upgrades are required for the training devices to be fully functional, ready for training and to meet future mission capabilities.  Work will be performed in Jacksonville, Florida (48 percent); St. Louis, Missouri (39 percent); Adelaide, Australia (7 percent); Whidbey Island, Washington (5 percent); and Dallas, Texas (1 percent), and is expected to be completed in February 2018.  Fiscal 2015 aircraft procurement (Navy); and cooperative agreement funds in the amount of $51,077,952 will be obligated at time of award, $43,600,469 of which will expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  This contract combines purchase for the Navy ($131,894,788; 91 percent); and the government of Australia ($13,044,540; 9 percent).  The Naval Air Warfare Center Training Systems Division Orlando, Florida, is the contracting activity. B3 Enterprises LLC,* Woodbridge, Virginia (N44255-17-D-4011); Iron Mike – Bristol JV LLC,* Centennial, Colorado (N44255-17-D-4012); MACNAK Construction LLC,* Lakewood, Washington  (N44255-17-D-4013); Tompco Inc.,* Seabeck, Washington (N44255-17-D-4014); and Veterans Northwest Construction LLC,* Seattle, Washington (N44255-17-D-4015), are each being awarded an indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity, multiple award construction contract for design-build or design-bid-build construction projects located primarily within the Naval Facilities Engineering Command (NAVFAC) Northwest area of responsibility (AOR).  The maximum dollar value including the base period and four option years for all five contracts combined is $99,000,000.  Types of projects include, but are not limited to, administrative and industrial facilities, housing renovation, child care centers, lodges, recreation/fitness centers, retail complexes, warehouses, housing offices, community centers, commercial and institutional buildings, manufacturing and industrial buildings and other similar facilities.  B3 Enterprises LLC is being awarded task order 0001 at $2,539,587 for the design-build replace roof sections of a production building at Naval Base Kitsap-Bremerton, Bremerton, Washington.  Work for this task order is expected to be completed by February 2018.  All work on this contract will be performed primarily within the NAVFAC Northwest AOR which includes Washington (92 percent); Oregon (2 percent); Alaska (2 percent); Idaho (1 percent); Montana (1 percent); and Wyoming (1 percent).  Work may also be performed in the remainder of the U.S. (1 percent).  The term of the contract is not to exceed 60 months, with an expected completion date of April 2022.  Fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance (Navy); and fiscal 2017 Navy working capital contract funds in the amount of $2,639,587 are obligated on this award, of which $2,539,587 will expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  Future task orders will be primarily funded by military construction (Navy); operations and maintenance (Navy); and Navy working capital funds.  This contract was competitively procured via the Federal Business Opportunities website with 16 proposals received.  These five contractors may compete for task orders under the terms and conditions of the awarded contract.  The Naval Facilities Engineering Command, Northwest, Silverdale, Washington, is the contracting activity. GBD JV,* Aberdeen, Maryland, is being awarded a maximum amount $50,000,000 firm-fixed-price, regional indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity contract for new paving, paving repair, and/or replacement of various types of paving such as roadways, airfields, sidewalks, curbs, gutters, etc. within the Naval Facilities Engineering Command (NAVFAC) Washington area of responsibility (AOR).  Other incidental types of work, including but not limited to, demolition, site preparations, and site drainage are also included in the scope of work.  Paving and associated work may be ordered for industrial, commercial, and residential locations indicated with each task order. No task orders are being issued at this time.  Work will be performed at various installations located in the NAVFAC Washington AOR.  The term of the contract is not to exceed 48 months, with an expected completion date of April 2021.  Fiscal 2017 supervision, inspection, and overhead and fiscal 2017 Navy working capital contract funds in the amount of $25,000 are obligated on this award and will expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  Future task orders will be primarily funded by operations and maintenance (Navy).  This contract was competitively procured via the Navy Electronic Commerce Online website, with six proposals received.  The Naval Facilities Engineering Command, Washington, Washington, District of Columbia, is the contracting activity (N40080-17-D-0033). Wartsila Defense Inc., Chesapeake, Virginia, is being awarded a $29,250,000 cost-plus-fixed-fee, indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity contract for the design, development, and testing of pre-prototype propulsor hardware and propulsor test component hardware.   This contract provides manufacturing design drawings, engineering, fabrication and assembly of pre-prototype propulsors, propulsor components and propulsor test components for research and development purposes.  This contract combines purchases for the Navy (90 percent); and the government of Australia (10 percent) under the Foreign Military Sales program. Work will be performed in Chesapeake, Virginia, and is expected to be complete by April 2022.  Foreign military sales funding in the amount of $1,119,133 will be obligated at time of award and will not expire at the end of the current fiscal year. This contract was competitively procured via the Federal Business Opportunities website, with two offers received. The Naval Surface Warfare Center Carderock Division, Bethesda, Maryland, is the contracting activity (N0016717D0003). AIR FORCE Engility Corp., doing business as TASC, Andover, Massachusetts, has been awarded a $40,956,755 task order for advisory and assistance to the Space and Missile Systems Engineering Directorate. Contractor will provide an independent readiness review team to review related space organizations on technical analysis and risk assessment for space systems, ground segments and launch systems. It also ensures that Space and Missile Systems Center space vehicles, launch vehicles, and ground systems were built properly to perform reliably over the system's mission life. Work will be performed at Los Angeles Air Force Base, California, and is expected to be complete by Oct. 8, 2022. This award is the result of a competitive acquisition via General Services Administration's One Acquisition Solution for Integrated Services (OASIS) indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity contract utilizing unrestricted Pool 5B with five offers received. Fiscal 2017 procurement funds in the amount of $1,417,582 are being obligated at the time of award. Space and Missile Systems Center, Los Angeles Air Force Base, California, is the contracting activity (FA8802-17-F-4001). DEFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY Barr Laboratories Inc., North Wales, Pennsylvania, has been awarded a maximum $35,943,400 modification (P00006) exercising the third one-year option period of a one-year base contract (SPE2DP-15-D-0002) with four one-year option periods for Type 4 and 7 Adenovirus vaccine. This is a firm-fixed-price, indefinite-quantity contract. Locations of performance are Virginia and Pennsylvania, with a Dec. 31, 2018, performance completion date. Using military services are Army, Navy, Air Force and Marine Corps. Type of appropriation is fiscal 2018 through fiscal 2019 defense working capital funds. The contracting activity is the Defense Logistics Agency Troop Support, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. ARMY CEMS Engineering Inc.,* Summerville, South Carolina, was awarded a $9,900,000 firm-fixed-price contract for general architect engineering services and sustainment, renovation and modernization projects primarily within Picatinny Arsenal, New Jersey. Bids were solicited via the Internet with eight received. Work locations and funding will be determined with each order, with an estimated completion date of April 6, 2022. Army Corps of Engineers, New York, New York, is the contracting activity (W912DS-17-D-0003). *Small business News News Articles Casualty Releases Press Advisories News Transcripts Publications Speeches Contracts Testimony Messages Special Reports Photos/Videos Photo Essays Week in Photos DoD Video News Other Pentagon Press Badges Military Commissions Press / Media Queries Other News Sources MISSION The mission of the Department of Defense is to provide the military forces needed to deter war and to protect the security of our country. The department's headquarters is at the Pentagon. SUBSCRIBE NOW Get the latest DoD News products delivered to your inbox. Subscribe MILITARY DEPARTMENTS Joint Chiefs Army Marine Corps Navy Air Force Coast Guard UNIFIED COMBATANT COMMANDS Africa Command Central Command European Command Northern Command Pacific Command Southern Command Special Operations Command Strategic Command Transportation Command Connect Twitter Facebook Flickr LinkedIn Instagram YouTube DefenseTV DVIDS Blogs RSS Contact Subscribe Privacy & Security Links Disclaimer Inspector General Section 508 Imagery Use FOIA No FEAR Act Web Policy Plain Writing Act Open GOV Strategic Plan Small Business Act Site Map
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out10:04 GMT +308 April 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search BREAKING: Explosives Found in Truck Which Rummed in Stockholm Friday We See You: Boeing Says Future Super Hornets Will Have Anti-Stealth Tech © AP Photo/ Kim Hong-Ji Military & Intelligence 22:25 07.04.2017(updated 03:20 08.04.2017) Get short URL 102532614 Officials at defense manufacturer Boeing say that future variations of the US Navy’s F/A-18E/F Super Hornet aircraft could feature anti-stealth technology, which would allow them to track the heat signatures of stealth aircraft. Dan Gillian, who manages Boeing’s EA-18 and F/A-18 programs, told reporters at the Navy League’s Sea-Air-Space conference "It’s a long-range, air-to-air counter-stealth sensor … Talk about complementary capabilities – that’s something that Super Hornet brings to the carrier that nobody else has," DOD Buzz reports.  © Photo: US Department of Defense / John Philip Wagner Jr. Raytheon to Upgrade Super-Hornet, Growler Radars for US, Australia At the conference, held in National Harbor, Maryland, Gillian said that Block III upgrades, which include better tracking and more network integration capabilities, plus increased production and a "service life modification" maintenance program for the existing fleet will help keep the multirole fighter flying for the next few decades. Supplemental heat tracking would be included in the Block III upgrades, and Aviation International News quoted Gillian saying, "I think a huge and significant change from the 2013 Advanced Super Hornet to the 2016-2017 Block III Super Hornet is the need for the Super Hornet to be a ‘smart node’ on the Navy’s NIFC-CA [Naval Integrated Fire Control-Counter Air] network."  "In the past we’ve talked about Super Hornet maybe could be just a dumb shooter with information passed to it … But with all the information available, with fusion, being [a contributor] to the network is really important," he added.  © AFP 2017/ US NAVY Trump: US 'Looking Seriously at Big Order' of F-18 Super Hornet Fighter Jets The maintenance program would seek to increase the craft’s life from 6,000 hours to 9,000 through sustainment and engineering upgrades. Operations against Daesh along with F-35 program delays have taken their toll on the current fleet. "Super Hornets have been flying hard and doing a lot of the country’s work, putting a lot of hours on the airplane that weren’t planned to be burned up," Gillian said.  He noted that corrosion becomes a problem with aircraft that sit idle for long periods of time, so the service was conducting assessments to determine how frequently maintenance has to take place and to what extent. Two Hornets per months are already being built by Boeing in St.Louis and Gillian said production could increase if foreign governments or the US Navy buy more of the fourth-generation aircraft.  © Flickr/ tataquax Canada Seeks to Buy Super Hornet Jets to Bolster North American Air Defense Congress hasn’t voted on a funding request for 24 F/A-18E/F Super Hornet strike fighters for the 2017 fiscal year. According to the Navy League the service had had 545 F/A-18E/F aircraft as of 2015, with plans to buy a total of 563. The Navy also plans to buy a total of 1153 EA-18G Growlers as well, as there were 114 of the aircraft as of 2015. In November, the Canadian government dealt a blow to the F-35 program by negotiating to buy 18 Super Hornets. Prime Minister Justin Trudeau’s Liberal Party said at the time that the country urgently needs “a new squadron of interim aircraft" for its 30-year-old fleet of CF-18s. Before this move, the F-35 was considered the most likely aircraft to replenish the Canadian fleet. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 614 Related: US Navy Prepares to Explode Bombs Near New Supercarrier USS Ford US Awards Contract to Evaluate Navy Drones, Aircraft US Navy Awards $22Mln to Repair Frequency Generators on V-22 Ospreys Tickling Dragon's Underbelly: Japan, US Holding Navy Drills in East China Sea US Amphibious Landing Ship Exits Black Sea Through Bosphorus Strait - Navy Tags: Super Hornet, US Navy, United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Reply ViTran 00:27 08.04.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete Stil can see it ... failed ! Reply michael 01:03 08.04.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete it would have been interesting to be a fly on the wall when management had their engineers and designers gathered, trying to figure out how to benefit from the f-35 debacle. This is what they come up with. Sad. Reply Mitach2002 01:55 08.04.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete Well isn't that something to be proud of. Reply corp 02:22 08.04.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete The US should continue to invest in the future of battlefield technology. The F-35 represents the future. Only continued investment in this program will bring the security benefits the US needs in the 21st century. The F-18 is old technology and putting super before its name does not change that. Even if it takes another trillion dollars the F-35 program must be pushed through to completion.Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 09:53Explosives Found in Truck Which Rummed Into Crowd Friday 09:51Experts Say Russia-India Defense Ties 'Privileged' 09:40Man Detained After Deadly Attack in Stockholm Likely to Be Truck's Driver 09:14About 10 People Remain in Hospital After Truck Attack in Stockholm 08:52India Looks Set To Buy Malaysian MiG-29s In Cost Effective PurchaseAll news Putin Considers US Attack in Syria Aggression Against Sovereign State - Kremlin 80925 Russian MoD Suspends Deconfliction Channel With US on Syria Flights From April 8 40019 China Reveals How Many Fighter Jets the New Aircraft Carrier Can Dock 21069 Boeing Pitches ‘Super’ Super Hornets to Replace F-35 18095 Russian MoD Says US Missile Attack on Syrian Airbase Prepared Long Ago 17111All news Putin Considers US Attack in Syria Aggression Against Sovereign State - Kremlin 373 US Launches Tomahawk Cruise Missiles at Airbase in Syria 171 US: No Doubt Assad is Behind Chemical Attack, Considering 'Serious Response' 130 Russian MoD Says US Missile Attack on Syrian Airbase Prepared Long Ago 100 Trump Promises Response to Syrian Chemical Attack 98All news Recommended Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics This Week in Pictures Pentagon Priorities US Missile Attack on Syrian Airbase News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
WATCH: US Hits Syrian Airbase With Scores of Cruise Missiles ‘It Was High Time’ THIS WEEK: The new space race; L3 buys underwater drone firm; and more. The Sarin Gas Attack In Syria Ignited an Information Battle The 5 Coolest Drones from America’s Biggest Naval Arms Show New Free eBook: Cyber Warfare Defense One Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email → News Threats Politics Business Tech Ideas The Five Coolest Drones from America’s Biggest Naval Arms Show By Patrick Tucker Read bio April 6, 2017 Topics Drones Navy PATRICK M. TUCKER / DEFENSE ONE AA Font size + Print The Flying Swimmer from ONR on display at Sea Air Space, April 5, 2017. Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email this article By Patrick Tucker Read bio April 6, 2017 New drones above and beneath the waves will change the way navies sail and fight in contested waters. Last December, after a Chinese military vessel stole a U.S. sub drone in the South China Sea, military watchers debated whether to call it an act of war. The Pentagon sounded a more reserved note and simply asked for the drone’s return. The incident will likely not be the last. The U.S. Navy and others from around the world are steaming ahead with plans to fill the seas and the skies above them with drones. Because robots can stay on the water (or above or under it) longer than can sailors, enduring harsh conditions that humans cannot while consuming fewer resources, they’ll play an increasingly large role in future operations. The defense industry is rushing to help. This year’s edition of the annual Sea-Air-Space conference, one of the world’s largest showplaces for naval and maritime weapons and equipment, featured a far larger assortment of naval drones than even last year. Here’s a sampling of the check innovative new robots of varying size, shape and smarts that could be making their way to a contested body of water near you.   Subscribe Receive daily email updates: Subscribe to the Defense One daily. Be the first to receive updates. MANTAS The MANTAS from Booz Allen Hamilton If Batman had an ocean drone, it would probably look like the Man Portable Tactical Autonomous, or MANTAS, robot from Booz Allen Hamilton and Maritime Tactical Systems. Just 98 inches long, the MANTAS can achieve a top speed above 60 knots. An operator with a tablet or smartphone can set waypoints or instruct it interdict oncoming vessels. Depending on the sensor payload, you can use it to hunt for enemy submarines or possibly mines. Or just strap explosives to it and use it like a fancy Bat-torpedo. At Sea-Air-Space, the all-black drone was set up next to the booth of the Marine Corps Warfighting Lab, which will be showing off the MANTAS and nearly 100 other new amphibious technologies at a late-April exercise in San Diego. Wave Glider The Wave Glider from Liquid Robotcs Liquid Robotics, a Boeing subsidiary, bills its Wave Glider as the first robot driven by a unique combination of wave energy and solar power. The drone has a floating solar sled connected to a finned tube underneath. The fins push against water, creating forward momentum in somewhat the same way that manta rays use waves to glide. That allows the drone to stay out on the water, collecting data on subs, mines, or the ocean itself for up to a year without fuel. Military funding — from the Office of Naval Research, or ONR, and the CIA’s investment arm In-Q-Tel — helped Liquid Robotics get its start. Yet it took a long time (and help from Boeing) to draw the Navy’s interest. Last April, founder and CEO Gary Gysin told us of his frustrations with the pace of Pentagon acquisitions. “We’re in almost every country in Asia. And they make decisions, rapid decisions. And we’re in selling our platform. And if we’re in selling our platform and we’re not selling it to our government at the same pace, that worries me,” he said. Just wait until the Chinese navy starts stealing his drones. Flying Sea Glider The Flying Sea Glider from ONR Because a bird can move above water a lot faster than most fish can move beneath it, the Navy has expressed interest in drones that can be dropped from planes, skim the surface, and then dip beneath the waves. ONR, which has been working on such a drone since 2015, calls the program the Flying Sea Glider. (We described it as the duck drone, which is much better.) The program’s newest test sub, on display at Sea-Air-Space, showed a revamped buoyancy engine and cleaner lines. ONR is currently working on a larger version that could of splash down at 100 nautical miles per hour, then cruise 200 meters below the surface. Tern The Tern from DARPA, ONR, and Northrop Grumman Aircraft carriers make big targets, so the military is looking to put strike aircraft, in drone form, aboard smaller ships. The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, or DARPA, is working with ONR and Northrop Grumman on a helicopter drone that can take off and land autonomously from a craft as small as a Littoral Combat Ship. Called the Tern, it’s intended for intelligence-surveillance-and-reconnaissance out to 600 nautical miles, or for strike missions of somewhat (and undisclosed) reduced ranges,  carrying a 500-pound payload. The weapon’s makers plan a full-scale flight launch in 2018. XV-24A Lightning Strike from Aurora and DARPA Unlike previous iterations, this year’s Sea-Air-Space offered no blockbuster announcements of new and incredible research-and-development programs. Still, DARPA and Aurora Flight Sciences said a one-fifth-scale version of its experimental, multi-rotor helicopter drone had completed flight tests, clearing the way for the construction of a full-size, 1,200-pound, 61-foot-wingspan version for testing by next year. Dubbed the the VX-24A, the bizarre-looking drone uses propellers spinning at incredibly high speeds to lift the drone from its ship or helipad and then push the plane through the air as the propellers tilt forward, similar to a V-22 Osprey. But the multiple propellers add a stability that the Osprey lacks. The XV-24A’s most important innovation is the hybrid electric distributed propulsion system. Three Honeywell generators driven by a big Rolls Royce engine produce three megawatts of power. But the lift fans only require one megawatt to pull the drone off the ground. That energy surplus opens up the potential for additional sensors, more powerful computers, or, as technology improves, possibly lasers. “We are laying the path forward” for the future of hybrid electric flight, said DARPA program manager Ashish Bagai. Military leaders routinely emphasize that they don’t expect drones to replace sailors in every situation. “We emphasize this is not a competition between manned and unmanned. This is complimentary,” Rear Adm. William Merz, the Navy’s director for undersea warfare, said Wednesday. “I don’t have a [concept of operations] for unmanned. I have a con-op for the undersea, the entire domain.” Unmanned and robotic systems are just playing an ever-larger role in those battle plans. Patrick Tucker is technology editor for Defense One. He’s also the author of The Naked Future: What Happens in a World That Anticipates Your Every Move? (Current, 2014). Previously, Tucker was deputy editor for The Futurist for nine years. Tucker has written about emerging technology in Slate, ... Full bio Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email this article Most Read 1 Can US Warplanes Evade Russian Air Defenses? We May Soon Find Out in Syria 2 Here’s What US Missiles Hit At the Syrian Airbase 3 The Five Coolest Drones from America’s Biggest Naval Arms Show Subscribe Receive daily email updates: Subscribe to the Defense One daily. Be the first to receive updates. Don't Miss Elon Musk’s Reusable Rocket Just Changed the Space Game Weapons of the Syrian War: Cruise Missiles UPDATED: Tracking Trump’s National-Security Conflicts of Interest Boeing Launches Info War on the Navy’s F-35 Can a ‘Comparable’ Super Hornet Steal Orders from the F-35C? Charted: Here’s How the Cost of Each Version of the F-35 is Changing WATCH: The F-35B Just Got A Lot Deadlier The 9 Strangest Flying Robots from the World’s Biggest Drone Show Military-Grade Spy Gear Is Flooding into Local Police Departments Show Comments Loading... Hide Comments By using this service you agree not to post material that is obscene, harassing, defamatory, or otherwise objectionable. Although Defenseone.com does not monitor comments posted to this site (and has no obligation to), it reserves the right to delete, edit, or move any material that it deems to be in violation of this rule. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. « Previous With Bannon Out, Here's Trump's New National Security Council Next » The US Was Already Fighting in Syria WATCH: US Hits Syrian Airbase With Scores of Cruise Missiles ‘It Was High Time’ THIS WEEK: The new space race; L3 buys underwater drone firm; and more. The Sarin Gas Attack In Syria Ignited an Information Battle The 5 Coolest Drones from America’s Biggest Naval Arms Show New Free eBook: Cyber Warfare « Previous With Bannon Out, Here's Trump's New National Security Council Next » The US Was Already Fighting in Syria Defense One About Contact Us Events Advertise Site Map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Government Executive Nextgov Quartz National Journal The Atlantic CityLab © 2017 by National Journal Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Close [ x ] More from DefenseOne   Next Story   × News, analysis, and ideas driving the future of U.S. defense: straight to your inbox. Sign up for Defense One Today My email is ... I work for ... --select-- Military Federal Government State/Local Government Contractor Private Sector Retired Also get The D Brief, your daily source for insights and analysis of the latest in defense news Yes, Defense One can email me on behalf of carefully selected companies and organizations. Sign up View Privacy Policy Thank you. Help us tailor content specifically for you: Full Name Agency/Department --select-- Air Force Army Coast Guard Navy Marines Department of Agriculture Department of Commerce Department of Education Department of Energy EPA Executive Office of the President/Vice President GSA Department of Defense Department of HHS Department of Homeland Security Department of HUD Department of Interior Judiciary Branch Office of the Secretary of Defense Department of Justice Department of Labor Legislative Branch NASA OMB OPM SSA Department of State Department of Transportation Department of Treasury USPS Department of Veterans Affairs Other Agency Government Association County Municipal Higher Education K-12 Education Special District State Job Function --select-- Agency Leadership Business & Operations Technology Management Financial/Contract Management Human Resource Management Sales & Marketing Other Phone number Zip code Submit View Privacy Policy Thank you for subscribing to newsletters from DefenseOne.com. We think these reports might interest you: Software-Defined Networking So many demands are being placed on federal information technology networks, which must handle vast amounts of data, accommodate voice and video, and cope with a multitude of highly connected devices while keeping government information secure from cyber threats. This issue brief discusses the state of SDN in the federal government and the path forward. Download Military Readiness: Ensuring Readiness with Analytic Insight To determine military readiness, decision makers in defense organizations must develop an understanding of complex inter-relationships among readiness variables. For example, how will an anticipated change in a readiness input really impact readiness at the unit level and, equally important, how will it impact readiness outside of the unit? Learn how to form a more sophisticated and accurate understanding of readiness and make decisions in a timely and cost-effective manner. Download Cyber Risk Report: Cybercrime Trends from 2016 In our first half 2016 cyber trends report, SurfWatch Labs threat intelligence analysts noted one key theme – the interconnected nature of cybercrime – and the second half of the year saw organizations continuing to struggle with that reality. The number of potential cyber threats, the pool of already compromised information, and the ease of finding increasingly sophisticated cybercriminal tools continued to snowball throughout the year. Download A New Security Architecture for Federal Networks Federal government networks are under constant attack, and the number of those attacks is increasing. This issue brief discusses today's threats and a new model for the future. Download Information Operations: Retaking the High Ground Today's threats are fluent in rapidly evolving areas of the Internet, especially social media. Learn how military organizations can secure an advantage in this developing arena. Download When you download a report, your information may be shared with the underwriters of that document. Finished Privacy Policy
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity Aircraft Interiors IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Operations & Technology > MRO > MRO Briefs-April 7, 2017 MRO Briefs-April 7, 2017 Apr 7, 2017 Linda Blachly EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Related Media Gallery: Latest developments in cabin interiors Advertisement Astronics acquired operating assets of Pacific Northwest-based Custom Controls Concepts, which supplies cabin management and IFE systems for Airbus/Boeing VIP aircraft. Lufthansa Technik was selected by Asiana Airlines for Airbus A350 component support and CF6-80 repair. Pemco has an Air Incheon contract to convert one Boeing 747-400 to freighter. Aeromet has a Boeing contract to supply 777X parts using its A20X aluminum alloy. SIA Engineering and 3D printing and additive manufacturing solutions company Stratasys signed an agreement to establish a strategic partnership specializing in additive manufacturing to accelerate the adoption of 3D printed production parts for commercial aviation. MTU Maintenance Canada extended its deal with Barfield for V2500 LRU management.   Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles MRO Digest News Briefs April 13, 2016   MRO Digest News Briefs April 6, 2016   MRO Briefs-March 7, 2017   MRO Briefs-Feb. 7, 2017   MRO Briefs-Feb. 1, 2017   Blogs & Commentary Apr 5, 2017 blog EASA’s safety warning raises most important question on electronic carry-on bans EASA’s safety bulletin issued today warning of the hazards of loading lots of personal electronics in the cargo hold rather than let passengers carry them onboard as usual is really quite damning of the new US and UK security rules....More Apr 4, 2017 blog American places ATW Airline of the Year logo on 968 aircraft American Airlines is having the sort of sticker shock it’s nice to have; the carrier is sticking 2017 ATW Airline of the Year decals on the fuselages of all 968 of its mainline aircraft....More Apr 3, 2017 blog Ban the carry-on ban. And soon The new US and UK electronics carry-on security bans continue to raise questions. But there’s zero evidence that they raise security....More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location Apr 6, 2017 Article AIX Briefs-April 6, 2017 AIX Briefs-April 6, 2017...More Apr 6, 2017 Article AIX 2017: Inmarsat predicts big pick-up in connectivity decisions Inmarsat Aviation president Leo Mondale has predicted an acceleration in airline connectivity decisions, as the latest generation of inflight broadband comes online....More Apr 6, 2017 Article AIX 2017: SITA OnAir CEO says software has vital role in IFEC cutovers As airlines struggle to harmonize their inflight entertainment and connectivity (IFEC) systems across their fleets, software providers will be called upon to bridge the gap, SITA OnAir CEO David Lavorel said....More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
IHS.com Products Advertise Client Login Register 360 My Preference 360 Home Defence Platforms Platforms Home Air Platforms Land Platforms Sea Platforms Weapons Weapons Home Air-Launched Weapons Infantry Weapons Naval Weapons C4iSR & Missions Systems C4iSR & Missions Systems Home C4iSR: Air C4iSR: Land C4iSR: Maritime C4iSR: Joint & Common Equipment CBRNE & EOD Defence Security Country Risk Military Capabilities CBRN Assessment Terrorism & Insurgency Industry Capability Profiles Thought Leadership Multimedia Press Events IDEX 2017 INDODEFENCE 2016 Africa Aerospace & Defence 2016 Farnborough Air Show 2016 Eurosatory 2016 CANSEC 2016 SOFEX 2016 AUSA 2015 DSEI 2015 Paris Air Show 2015 IDEX 2015 Magazines IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review More Industry Press Releases Multimedia IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review Industry HOME INDUSTRY ARTICLE Industry Boeing's military deliveries down in Q1 Andrew MacDonald, London - IHS Jane's Defence Weekly 07 April 2017 Boeing has released details of its first quarter aircraft deliveries, showing a slight slowdown in military platform handovers. Several of the company's aircraft were delivered in smaller numbers compared with the same period in 2016, with lower new AH-64 Apache attack helicopter completions and the ending of C-17 Globemaster strategic transport aircraft production having the largest effect. Want to read more? For analysis on this article and access to all our insight content, please enquire about our subscription options:　ihs.com/contact (80 words) Related IHS Products IHS Jane's Defense Industry Solutions IHS Jane's Defense Industry & Market Intelligence Centre IHS Jane's Defense: News Intelligence Centre Module IHS Jane's DS Forecasting IHS Jane's Offsets Advisory Module IHS Jane's Defence Weekly AMERICAS Navy League 2017: Electric Boat makes headway on common missile compartment development for US and UK future SSBNs SEA PLATFORMS Trump vows to strengthen military defences against North Korea INDUSTRY China donates military equipment to Guyana INDUSTRY Navy League 2017: USN AN/SPY-6(V) AMDR completes first ballistic missile test in Hawaii NAVAL WEAPONS Washington launches strikes against Syrian base after reported chemical weapon attack COUNTRY RISK AMERICAS Navy League 2017: Electric Boat makes headway on common missile compartment development for US and UK future SSBNs SEA PLATFORMS Trump vows to strengthen military defences against North Korea INDUSTRY China donates military equipment to Guyana INDUSTRY Navy League 2017: USN AN/SPY-6(V) AMDR completes first ballistic missile test in Hawaii NAVAL WEAPONS Washington launches strikes against Syrian base after reported chemical weapon attack COUNTRY RISK DEFENCE INDUSTRY & MARKETS Russia approves helicopter joint venture with India INDUSTRY Trump vows to strengthen military defences against North Korea INDUSTRY China donates military equipment to Guyana INDUSTRY Damen submits tender for Australian OPV project INDUSTRY Switzerland joins EDA unmanned systems research programme INDUSTRY DEFENCE INDUSTRY & MARKETS Russia approves helicopter joint venture with India INDUSTRY Trump vows to strengthen military defences against North Korea INDUSTRY China donates military equipment to Guyana INDUSTRY Damen submits tender for Australian OPV project INDUSTRY Switzerland joins EDA unmanned systems research programme INDUSTRY IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Duterte orders military to deploy to Philippine-controlled South China Sea Islands IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Germany completes helicopter deployment to Mali IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Russia approves helicopter joint venture with India IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Trump vows to strengthen military defences against North Korea IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY UNSC condemns North Korea's latest ballistic missile launch IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Duterte orders military to deploy to Philippine-controlled South China Sea Islands COUNTRY RISK Germany completes helicopter deployment to Mali MILITARY CAPABILITIES Russia approves helicopter joint venture with India INDUSTRY Trump vows to strengthen military defences against North Korea INDUSTRY UNSC condemns North Korea's latest ballistic missile launch COUNTRY RISK FEATURED REPORT 2017: the year of European defence? By wide consensus 2017 will be a crunch point for defence decisions in Europe, with two factors driving the change: the UK's decision to leave the EU and the election of US president Donald Trump. Brooks Tigner considers the EU's possible defence evolution in the year ahead Download here ADVERTISEMENT Interested in subscribing to complete IHS content? Call us Americas: +1 844 301 7334 Asia-Pacific: +604 291 3763 Europe, Africa & Middle East: +44 (0)1344 328 155 ihs.com/contact Industry Links IHS Jane's is not responsible for the content within or linking from Industry Links pages. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT BACK TO TOP Home Defence Security Industry Multimedia Industry Press Releases Events Magazines IHS Jane's 360 Editorial Team Advertising Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map 360 Websites Datasheets360 IHS Electronics360 IHS Airport 360 IHS Engineering360 IHS Maritime 360 IHS IHS.com About IHS A-Z Products Contact Us Copyright © 2017 IHS. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. -- Modal content -->  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Sign In  /  Sign Up Invalid Email-Id Or Password!!! Email-Id  :       Password  :   Forgot Password? Note:By clicking "Log in", you are agreeing to the terms of the Jane’s Data Terms and Conditions for Subscriptions About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s -- Modal content -->  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Register with Jane’s 360 today and join a global community of defence professionals benefiting from our news and insights. You will only need to complete this once. Title * Mr Ms    Email * First Name *    Password * Last Name *    Company * Job Title *    Address * Department *    State/Province * City *    Country * United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Ascension Islands Aland Islands Albania Algeria America Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burma Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China, Peoples Republic Of Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Democratic Republic of The Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire Croatia Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Diego Garcia Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic Of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic Of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia St. Martin (French) St Maarten (Dutch) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Sudan South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic Of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, US Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zaire Zambia Zimbabwe Post/Zip *    Phone Number Jane’s Defence Weekly Jane’s International Defence review Jane’s Airport Review Jane’s Navy International Please select the newsletters you would like to receive. Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Defence      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Security      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Air Forces Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Land Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Naval Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Airport Jane's 360      Airport 360 Jane’s may also share the information you provide with carefully selected third party companies. Please indicate if you wish to be excluded from receiving third party communications. phone mail e-mail By submitting this request, I agree with the Jane’s email and privacy policy .     About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s -- Modal content -->  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Enter your Email-id to retrive your password Invalid Email-Id!!! Email-Id  :       Note:By clicking "Log in", you are agreeing to the terms of the Jane’s Data Terms and Conditions for Subscriptions About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s -- Modal content -->  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Register with Jane’s 360 today and join a global community of defence professionals benefiting from our news and insights. You will only need to complete this once. Title * Mr Ms    Email * First Name *    Password * Last Name *    Company * Job Title *    Address * Department *    State/Province * City *    Country * United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Ascension Islands Aland Islands Albania Algeria America Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burma Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China, Peoples Republic Of Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Democratic Republic of The Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire Croatia Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Diego Garcia Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic Of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic Of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia St. Martin (French) St Maarten (Dutch) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Sudan South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic Of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, US Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zaire Zambia Zimbabwe Post/Zip *    Phone Number Jane’s Defence Weekly Jane’s International Defence review Jane’s Airport Review Jane’s Navy International Please select the newsletters you would like to receive. Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Defence      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Security      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Air Forces Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Land Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Naval Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Airport Jane's 360      Airport 360 Jane’s may also share the information you provide with carefully selected third party companies. Please indicate if you wish to be excluded from receiving third party communications. phone mail e-mail By submitting this request, I agree with the Jane’s email and privacy policy .     About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s
Skip to content new Business Ethiopia (nBE) Providing The Latest Business, Investment, Economic and Social Stories of African Countries Since 2009 Menu Home Mining Construction Economy Education Energy Entertainment Environment Finance Health Hospitality Technology Trade Investment Manufacturing Mining Agribusiness Politics Oil & Gas Sponsored nBE Blog About Us Breaking News: Ethiopian Airlines Inaugurates Three Maintenance Hangars 30 million people in Africa suffer from depression Djibouti remains at high risk of debt distress, IMF says Tanzania secures $30 million loan to unlock its natural gas potential Air Djibouti pilot becomes first African pilot to fly solo around the world Hospitality  April 7, 2017April 7, 2017 Ethiopian Airlines Inaugurates Three Maintenance Hangars Posted By: newbusin Ethiopian Airlines today inaugurates three wide body hangars equipped with state of the art tele-platforms and tail docks with a full Paint and General Maintenance hangar along with 15,000 Sq.m backside offices. The hangars have also different shops and 105,000sq.m hangar apron area, each facility is capable of accommodating 1-B747-800 (the biggest Boeing airplane) at a time or more other type of aircraft in different arrangements. The third hangar is also capable of accommodating 1-B777-200 or 3-B737 Aircraft at a time, the Airlines said. “Foundational Infrastructure development is one of the four pillars of our fast, profitable and sustainable growth strategic roadmap, Vision 2025. Hence, to further complement our steady growth and attain our goal in remaining to be the leading MRO service provider in Africa, “We have been making massive infrastructure development projects to modernize and expand existing MRO facilities at a total cost of USD 115 million. Beyond ensuring self-sufficiency, completion of these maintenance hangars will surely enhance our capability to cope up with the 21st century new aviation developments and offer third party services,” said, Mr. Tewolde GebreMariam Ethiopian Group CEO. “Currently, we are providing complete total care maintenance service for ASKY, Malawian, RwandAir, Congo Airways, Ceiba Intercontinental, CamAir-Co. and Jambojet Airlines. We have also extended our services to a number of operators based in Africa, Middle East, Far East and Central Asia. Moreover, this milestone is also a symbol of our successful partnership with AVIC International and EXIM Bank of China and I hope this accomplishment will be replicated in Ethiopian 5-Star Hotel project which is now 40% complete,” he added. Ethiopian MRO is accredited by FAA, EASA, and ECAA and is currently offering  dependable services; Base Maintenance, Line Maintenance, Engine Maintenance, Component Maintenance, Calibration Services, Engineering Services, Structure & Composite Maintenance, Aircraft Stripping & Painting, and Wire Harness Manufacturing. Furthermore, Ethiopian MRO is Boeing and Bombardier approved facility and proved its performance excellence by securing Bombardier’s Airline Reliability Performance Award for 5 years in a row. The facility is also an approved maintenance facility by General Electric for overhaul maintenance of CFM56-3 and -7B engines. Ethiopian Airlines (Ethiopian) is the fastest growing Airline in Africa. In its seven decades of operation, Ethiopian has become one of the continent’s leading carriers, unrivalled in efficiency and operational success. Ethiopian commands the lion’s share of the pan-African passenger and cargo network operating the youngest and most modern fleet to more than 90 international destinations across five continents. Ethiopian fleet includes ultra-modern and environmentally friendly aircraft such as Airbus A350, Boeing 787, Boeing 777-300ER, Boeing 777-200LR, Boeing 777-200 Freighter, Bombardier Q-400 double cabin with an average fleet age of five years. In fact, Ethiopian is the first airline in Africa to own and operate these aircraft. Ethiopian is currently implementing a 15-year strategic plan called Vision 2025 that will see it become the leading aviation group in Africa with seven business centers: Ethiopian Domestic and Regional Airline; Ethiopian International Passenger Airline; Ethiopian Cargo; Ethiopian MRO; Ethiopian Aviation Academy; Ethiopian In-flight Catering Services; and Ethiopian Ground Service. Ethiopian is a multi-award winning airline registering an average growth of 25% in the past seven years.     Share on Facebook Share Share on TwitterTweet Share on Google Plus Share Share on Pinterest Share Share on LinkedIn Share Share on Digg Share Send email Mail Print Print Post navigation 30 million people in Africa suffer from depression Archives Archives Select Month April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 June 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 April 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2013 November 2012 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 TO ADVERTISE on newBusinessEthiopia.com Call +251 91 140 7539 Copyright © 2017 new Business Ethiopia (nBE). Theme: ColorNews by ThemeGrill. Powered by WordPress.
Super Hornet maker Boeing working to fix oxygen problems | CTV News Skip to Main Content Skip to Section Links CTV News Mobile CTV Live Now: CTV News Channel HOT TOPICS Syria Dog attack Job posting Search Search CTV News X NEWS VIDEO LOCAL SHOWS CTV NEWS CHANNEL MYNEWS CONNECT ABOUT Sections CTV News Canada World Entertainment Politics Sci-Tech Health Sports Lifestyle Autos Business 5 Things to Know Politics: Don Martin The Green File Weather Photo Galleries Sections Latest CTV News on the Go Lifestyle Entertainment Health Captured on Camera MyNews Autos Consumer Technology Finance Shows CTV National News Power Play CTV QP W5 LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help CTV Atlantic Calgary Edmonton Kitchener Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg CTV Two Alberta Atlantic Barrie London Ottawa Vancouver Island Windsor News Programs CTV National News QP W5 CTV News Channel Power Play Schedule Follow CTV News Facebook Twitter Google + Pinterest YouTube Instagram LinkedIn Contact Contact CTV News Newsbreaker Subscribe RSS Feeds Breaking news alerts Newsletters LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help SECTIONS About Bell Media CTV News Mobile CTV.ca Contests CTV News Stox CTV News Channel CTV News Channel Schedule CTV Schedule BIOS CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team Advertisement Super Hornet maker Boeing working to fix oxygen problems The Boeing F-18 Super Hornet performs during its demonstration flight, on the first day of the 47th Paris Air Show in Le Bourget, north of Paris, Monday June 18, 2007. (THE CANADIAN PRESS/AP /Remy de la Mauviniere) Lee Berthiaume, The Canadian Press Published Friday, April 7, 2017 6:47AM EDT OTTAWA -- Aerospace giant Boeing Co. says it is working to address concerns raised by Canadian officials and others over pilots reporting oxygen deprivation and cockpit pressure loss while flying its Super Hornet fighter jets. But a solution has so far been elusive while the number of reported problems continues to rise, raising questions about the potential risk to Canadian pilots as the Liberals move to purchase 18 of the warplanes. Figures provided to a U.S. House Armed Services subcommittee last week show there has been a steady increase in pilots reporting loss of oxygen or pressure while flying U.S. Navy Super Hornets in recent years. There were 31 such "physiological episodes" per 100,000 flying hours from November 2015 to October 2016 -- an 11 per cent increase from the previous year, and three times the rate reported in 2010-11. In an interview with The Canadian Press, Boeing vice-president of global sales Roberto Valla said Canadian officials have raised the issue with the company. The Liberal government announced last November that it wanted to buy 18 Super Hornets to augment Canada's aging CF-18s until a full competition could be run to replace the entire CF-18 fleets in a few years. "Yes, we have received questions along those lines," Valla said. "But our commitment to work with the United States Navy to resolve this matter is an unwavering commitment." That appears to be easier said than done as the U.S. Navy and Boeing have shown little progress in addressing the problem despite Navy officials calling it the force's top safety priority for over a year. The physiological episodes are broken into two categories: those in which pilots breath gas and those involving sudden changes in air pressure, both of which threaten flight safety. Members of the Tactical Air and Land Forces subcommittee in Washington expressed concerns on March 28 about the rising number of such problems with the Super Hornets and older Hornet jets. The head of Boeing's Super Hornet program, Dan Gillian, said several fixes have been introduced, such as changing the warplanes' filters and the way some components are maintained. "I want to be clear that the airplane is performing for its requirements and per specifications," Gillian said. "Having said that, we see this issue, we take it seriously, and are working with the U.S. Navy to improve the performance of the airplane in this regard." Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan's spokeswoman, Jordan Owens, says the Super Hornets that Canada plans to buy must meet set standards when it comes to oxygen. "The oxygen requirements of the potential interim fleet would be required to meet industry, regulatory, and operational standards," she said, "as well as the RCAF's training and operational demands." Valla and Gillian were in Ottawa to meet with government officials as Boeing draws up a formal plan for selling Super Hornets to Canada, a purchase the government hopes to make official by year's end. One of the key questions is how Canada will pay to buy the 18 "interim" aircraft, which are technically being sold through the U.S. government. Gillian said the U.S. Navy pays around $70 million (USD) per plane, which would work out to about $1.75 billion (CAD) given current exchange rates and the U.S. government's standard 3.5 per cent fee. But that doesn't include upgrades to existing Canadian military infrastructure, training or long-term maintenance costs, and some have pegged the full cost at between $5 billion and $7 billion. Asked about those numbers, Valla said: "It's easy to put out a number. It's very difficult to say what actually makes up the number." The two also wouldn't comment on when the Liberal government wants the Super Hornets in the air, though they were adamant Boeing would be able to deliver. "We think we can deliver to meet Canada's needs," Gillian said. "Boeing has a long history of working with Canada and delivering great product on time and on cost. That is our heritage together." Related Stories Liberals take next step toward buying Super Hornets, hope for deal by year's end Liberals take next step toward buying Super Hornets, hope for deal by year's end Report Error MOST WATCHED false CTV National News for Friday, April 7, 2017 Air Date: April 7, 2017 false CTV National News: Dissecting the Syria strike Air Date: April 7, 2017 false 'We Speak' uses tech to translate for refugees Air Date: April 7, 2017 false CTV National News: Stockholm truck attack Air Date: April 7, 2017 false CTV National News: French town remembers Vimy Air Date: April 5, 2017 false CTV News: U.S. investigates Russian involvement Air Date: April 7, 2017 false Eight-year-old needed 13 stitches after dog bite Air Date: April 7, 2017 false CTV News Channel: Beginning of U.S. intervention? Air Date: April 7, 2017 false CTV News Channel: GTA in a housing bubble? Air Date: March 30, 2017 false CTVNews.ca: Governor General on Vimy's importance Air Date: April 7, 2017 false CTV National News: Ready to remember Air Date: April 7, 2017 false CTV Toronto: 'Fake bomb' suspect appears in court Air Date: April 7, 2017 More News from Sci-Tech Whiff of history: Scientists sniff out the past B.C. university student helps unearth 14,000 year-old village Toronto Zoo welcomes 4 African penguin chicks Google expands 'fact check' conclusions in news searches Twitter: U.S. backs down on seeking anti-Trump user records 'Hyperloop' proposal would connect Boston to Providence at speed of sound Join the conversation... Advertisement CTV News Video Network false U.S. intervention in Syria strains relations with Russia false PM says U.S. strikes haven't changed Canada's role in Syria false Terrorism suspected in deadly Stockholm truck attack false Dignitaries arriving in France for Vimy Ridge commemoration CTV National News for April 7: U.S., Russia spar over Syria Most Popular Stories 1 Neighbour saves girl after dog attacks children waiting for bus 1 2 'Please do not apply': Landscaping company's job posting goes viral 1 3 Hyundai, Kia recall 1.4M cars for possible engine failure 4 One arrest, manhunt launched after Sweden 'act of terror' kills 4 7 5 Trudeau convinced by U.S. info that Assad was behind gas attack 8 6 Relations 'ruined': U.S., Russia trade accusations 23 7 Prostitute who gave Google exec fatal heroin dose deported to Canada 8 Trump launches U.S. missile strike against Syria 8 9 Air Canada passenger dies after mid-flight medical emergency 2 10 Penticton, B.C., great-grandmother guilty of second-degree murder Don't Miss false Todd Battis visits his great grandfather's grave at Vimy false BoC unveils commemorative $10 banknote for Canada 150 false These bear cubs were found in a washroom near Banff You will need to enable JavaScript in order to use the Widget. CANADA Ont. nurse accused of 8 murders waives right to preliminary hearing Canada-wide warrant issued for Sask. woman accused of suspicious packages Neighbour saves girl after dog attacks children waiting for bus WORLD Myanmar ferry capsizes; 20 dead, over a dozen missing U.S. missile strike could resonate beyond Syria Expected showdown between Trump, Chinese President Xi fails to materialize ENTERTAINMENT Pearl Jam, Tupac, Yes, Journey to be inducted into Rock Hall Harry Styles channels glam rock in post-One Direction debut Scarlett Johansson: Ivanka Trump 'baffles me' HEALTH Manitoba government closes three of six emergency rooms in Winnipeg Nearly half of U.S. adults infected with genital HPV Exposure to air pollution may increase breast density POLITICS O'Leary describes harrowing experience that shaped his view on money Trudeau convinced by U.S. info that Assad was behind gas attack Ont. premier reaches out to U.S. governors to win allies on free trade SCI-TECH Whiff of history: Scientists sniff out the past B.C. university student helps unearth 14,000 year-old village Toronto Zoo welcomes 4 African penguin chicks BUSINESS B.C. bans employers from requiring high heels Canada gains another 19,400 jobs of mostly full-time and self-employed work Pace of U.S. hiring tumbles, yet jobless rate hits 10-year low AUTOS Top court awards Quebec woman parking spot on neighbour's property Hyundai, Kia recall 1.4M cars for possible engine failure B.C. drivers urged to use sense around hungry bears on roadsides SPORTS U.S. beats Canada 3-2 in overtime to capture women's hockey gold Rio stars Rivard, Chernove win Canadian Paralympic Committee awards Fowler joins 4-way tie at the top in Masters Lifestyle Riga mayor interrupted by friendly feline, forced to 'paws' live Q and A 'I just love living': Alberta woman turns 105 Internet rallies behind man trying to score year's worth of Wendy's nuggets CTV News on the Go false Russia, U.S. spar at the UN after air strikes Crib tricks your baby into falling asleep? Remembering the Battle of Vimy Ridge In Pictures   CTV News at Vimy: Remembering the sacrifice Patriotic show: Juno Awards full of energy and humour Junos 2017: Red carpet looks from Canadian talent Advertise on CTVNews.ca Advertise with Bell Media About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Producer Guidelines Contact Us Local News CTV News Atlantic CTV News Calgary CTV News Edmonton CTV News Kitchener CTV News Montreal CTV News Northern Ontario CTV News Ottawa CTV News Regina CTV News Saskatoon CTV News Toronto CTV News Vancouver CTV News Winnipeg CTV Two Atlantic Alberta Barrie London Ottawa Windsor Vancouver Island CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Video Sign In Video Sign Out CTV News GO Video Help CTV News on Mobile Site login View Mobile Site Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2017 All rights reserved. Back to top
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Hamilton Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos TV Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Canada April 7, 2017 5:59 am Updated: April 7, 2017 6:06 am Boeing working to fix problems with oxygen, pressure loss for Super Hornet By Lee Berthiaume The Canadian Press WATCH ABOVE: Government will add new fighter jets to bolster Canada's aging fleet What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen OTTAWA – Aerospace giant Boeing Co. says it is working to address concerns raised by Canadian officials and others over pilots reporting oxygen deprivation and cockpit pressure loss while flying its Super Hornet fighter jets. But a solution has so far been elusive while the number of reported problems continues to rise, raising questions about the potential risk to Canadian pilots as the Liberals move to purchase 18 of the warplanes. Story continues below Figures provided to a U.S. House Armed Services subcommittee last week show there has been a steady increase in pilots reporting loss of oxygen or pressure while flying U.S. Navy Super Hornets in recent years. There were 31 such “physiological episodes” per 100,000 flying hours from November 2015 to October 2016 — an 11 per cent increase from the previous year, and three times the rate reported in 2010-11. READ MORE: Liberals take next step on Super Hornet fighter jet deal In an interview with The Canadian Press, Boeing vice-president of global sales Roberto Valla said Canadian officials have raised the issue with the company. The Liberal government announced last November that it wanted to buy 18 Super Hornets to augment Canada’s aging CF-18s until a full competition could be run to replace the entire CF-18 fleets in a few years. “Yes, we have received questions along those lines,” Valla said. “But our commitment to work with the United States Navy to resolve this matter is an unwavering commitment.” That appears to be easier said than done as the U.S. Navy and Boeing have shown little progress in addressing the problem despite Navy officials calling it the force’s top safety priority for over a year. READ MORE: Not enough pilots to fly new Super Hornet fighter jets: retired RCAF commanders The physiological episodes are broken into two categories: those in which pilots breath gas and those involving sudden changes in air pressure, both of which threaten flight safety. Members of the Tactical Air and Land Forces subcommittee in Washington expressed concerns on March 28 about the rising number of such problems with the Super Hornets and older Hornet jets. The head of Boeing’s Super Hornet program, Dan Gillian, said several fixes have been introduced, such as changing the warplanes’ filters and the way some components are maintained. “I want to be clear that the airplane is performing for its requirements and per specifications,” Gillian said. READ MORE: Trump takes to Twitter to pit Boeing and Lockheed Martin against each other “Having said that, we see this issue, we take it seriously, and are working with the U.S. Navy to improve the performance of the airplane in this regard.” Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan’s spokeswoman, Jordan Owens, says the Super Hornets that Canada plans to buy must meet set standards when it comes to oxygen. “The oxygen requirements of the potential interim fleet would be required to meet industry, regulatory, and operational standards,” she said, “as well as the RCAF’s training and operational demands.” Valla and Gillian were in Ottawa to meet with government officials as Boeing draws up a formal plan for selling Super Hornets to Canada, a purchase the government hopes to make official by year’s end. READ MORE: Super Hornet fighter jet costs being examined by budget watchdog One of the key questions is how Canada will pay to buy the 18 “interim” aircraft, which are technically being sold through the U.S. government. Gillian said the U.S. Navy pays around $70 million (USD) per plane, which would work out to about $1.75 billion (CAD) given current exchange rates and the U.S. government’s standard 3.5 per cent fee. But that doesn’t include upgrades to existing Canadian military infrastructure, training or long-term maintenance costs, and some have pegged the full cost at between $5 billion and $7 billion. Asked about those numbers, Valla said: “It’s easy to put out a number. It’s very difficult to say what actually makes up the number.” The two also wouldn’t comment on when the Liberal government wants the Super Hornets in the air, though they were adamant Boeing would be able to deliver. “We think we can deliver to meet Canada’s needs,” Gillian said. “Boeing has a long history of working with Canada and delivering great product on time and on cost. That is our heritage together.” Report an error Boeing Canadian Forces CF-18 fleets Liberal Government Super Hornet Super Hornet Fighter Jets U.S. Navy Super Hornets Editor's Picks Politics Airstrikes in Syria further complicate Trump's relationship with Russia Canada Have you heard about savings loans? Think carefully before signing up for one Sports With no NHL, who will play for Team Canada at the 2018 Olympics? Canada Federal financial consumer protection agency sounds alarm about credit repair companies Canada Facebook introduces new tools to combat 'revenge porn' Canada Rent doubles for tenants of 2 west-end Toronto condos, province says reform coming Canada Seeking Asylum: Canada a 'dreamland' for Somalis in Minneapolis FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Want to discuss? Please read our Commenting Policy first. Popular Now Prostitute responsible for Google exec's fatal heroin overdose to be deported to Canada 23330 Electronic charging devices, cables can pose fire risk 10806 Are you a night owl? This may be the reason why 7603 Pregnant woman's Facebook post on 'intense' itching may have saved her child's life 3149 Hyundai, Kia recall 1.4M cars in Canada, U.S. for possible engine failure 2643 Sponsored content Popular Videos Woman accused of injecting Google exec with fatal heroin dose pleads not guilty WATCH NOW Surrey Creep Catchers in the news again WATCH NOW Donald Trump briefed Justin Trudeau before launching missile strikes on Syria WATCH NOW Trump orders strike on Syrian military targets in response to chemical attack WATCH NOW Parks Canada working to find out how bear cubs got locked in road side bathroom WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Hamilton Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
News Local Oil & Gas National Sports World Entertainment Business Breaking News Alerts News Tips About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Local Sports Entertainment Oil & Gas National Loading articles... Super Hornet maker Boeing working to fix problems with oxygen, pressure loss National by Lee Berthiaume, The Canadian Press Posted Apr 7, 2017 2:20 am MDT Last Updated Apr 7, 2017 at 7:40 am MDT OTTAWA – Aerospace giant Boeing Co. says it is working to address concerns raised by Canadian officials and others over pilots reporting oxygen deprivation and cockpit pressure loss while flying its Super Hornet fighter jets. But a solution has so far been elusive while the number of reported problems continues to rise, raising questions about the potential risk to Canadian pilots as the Liberals move to purchase 18 of the warplanes. Figures provided to a U.S. House Armed Services subcommittee last week show there has been a steady increase in pilots reporting loss of oxygen or pressure while flying U.S. Navy Super Hornets in recent years. There were 31 such “physiological episodes” per 100,000 flying hours from November 2015 to October 2016 — an 11 per cent increase from the previous year, and three times the rate reported in 2010-11. In an interview with The Canadian Press, Boeing vice-president of global sales Roberto Valla said Canadian officials have raised the issue with the company. The Liberal government announced last November that it wanted to buy 18 Super Hornets to augment Canada’s aging CF-18s until a full competition could be run to replace the entire CF-18 fleets in a few years. “Yes, we have received questions along those lines,” Valla said. “But our commitment to work with the United States Navy to resolve this matter is an unwavering commitment.” That appears to be easier said than done as the U.S. Navy and Boeing have shown little progress in addressing the problem despite Navy officials calling it the force’s top safety priority for over a year. The physiological episodes are broken into two categories: those in which pilots breath gas and those involving sudden changes in air pressure, both of which threaten flight safety. Members of the Tactical Air and Land Forces subcommittee in Washington expressed concerns on March 28 about the rising number of such problems with the Super Hornets and older Hornet jets. The head of Boeing’s Super Hornet program, Dan Gillian, said several fixes have been introduced, such as changing the warplanes’ filters and the way some components are maintained. “I want to be clear that the airplane is performing for its requirements and per specifications,” Gillian said. “Having said that, we see this issue, we take it seriously, and are working with the U.S. Navy to improve the performance of the airplane in this regard.” Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan’s spokeswoman, Jordan Owens, says the Super Hornets that Canada plans to buy must meet set standards when it comes to oxygen. “The oxygen requirements of the potential interim fleet would be required to meet industry, regulatory, and operational standards,” she said, “as well as the RCAF’s training and operational demands.” Valla and Gillian were in Ottawa to meet with government officials as Boeing draws up a formal plan for selling Super Hornets to Canada, a purchase the government hopes to make official by year’s end. One of the key questions is how Canada will pay to buy the 18 “interim” aircraft, which are technically being sold through the U.S. government. Gillian said the U.S. Navy pays around $70 million (USD) per plane, which would work out to about $1.75 billion (CAD) given current exchange rates and the U.S. government’s standard 3.5 per cent fee. But that doesn’t include upgrades to existing Canadian military infrastructure, training or long-term maintenance costs, and some have pegged the full cost at between $5 billion and $7 billion. Asked about those numbers, Valla said: “It’s easy to put out a number. It’s very difficult to say what actually makes up the number.” The two also wouldn’t comment on when the Liberal government wants the Super Hornets in the air, though they were adamant Boeing would be able to deliver. “We think we can deliver to meet Canada’s needs,” Gillian said. “Boeing has a long history of working with Canada and delivering great product on time and on cost. That is our heritage together.” – Follow @leeberthiaume on Twitter Movie Trailers April 7, 2017 to April 13, 2017 Landmark 6, 10015 Manning Ave. PH:791-6610 Landmark Cinemas Landmark Cinemas Fort McMurray Weekend Listings: Beauty and the Beast (PG) 3D 10:00pm 12:00pm / 3:00pm / 3:45pm / 6:15pm / 7:00pm / 9:15pm Kong: Skull Island (PG) 10:30pm Goon: Last of the Enforcers (14A) 3:30pm / 6:45pm / 9:45pm Get Out (14A) 4:00pm / 7:15pm / 10:15pm Logan (18A) 3:15pm / 6:30pm / 9:30pm 660 NEWS CALGARY NATIONAL Long-awaited Cochrane interchange impact will be ‘night and day’ Apr 07, 2017, 4:53 PM Most actively traded companies on the TSX Apr 07, 2017, 4:36 PM The Latest: ‘The Situation’ will fight new tax charges Apr 07, 2017, 4:35 PM Brave Calgary youth honoured at 911 awards Apr 07, 2017, 4:33 PM The Friday news briefing: An at-a-glance survey of some top stories Apr 07, 2017, 4:30 PM Trudeau extends Canada’s condolences to Sweden after Stockholm attack Apr 07, 2017, 4:23 PM Poking a tinderbox: What Donald Trump's change of heart on Syria could mean Apr 07, 2017, 12:20 PM A timeline of key developments since 2011 in the conflict in Syria Apr 07, 2017, 11:02 AM Feds criticize vague report on burying nuclear-waste near Lake Huron Apr 07, 2017, 11:02 AM Air force grounds Cyclone military helicopter fleet after problem during descent Apr 07, 2017, 10:41 AM New $10 bank note unveiled to celebrate Canada's sesquicentennial Apr 07, 2017, 10:23 AM Fears heightened for Syrian refugees wary of U.S. action Apr 07, 2017, 10:16 AM BUSINESS SPORTSNET OIL & GAS ENTERTAINMENT Worker dies in industrial accident at Vale in Sudbury, Ont. Apr 07, 2017, 11:34 AM Celebrity chef, Trump Organization settle lawsuit Apr 07, 2017, 11:14 AM New $10 bank note unveiled to celebrate Canada's 150th anniversary Apr 07, 2017, 10:23 AM Gold rises, stock markets little-changed after U.S. attack on Syria Apr 07, 2017, 9:37 AM Greek bailout talks make major breakthrough on reforms Apr 07, 2017, 6:59 AM Quick Shifts: Story behind Auston Matthews’ goal celebration Apr 07, 2017, 3:56 PM 40 Years On: The Day the Blue Jays Began Apr 07, 2017, 10:09 AM How so many Canadian teams got back to the Stanley Cup Playoffs Apr 07, 2017, 5:26 PM NHL Playoff Push: Heading into the final weekend Apr 07, 2017, 1:22 PM The Masters LIVE: Phil Mickelson one shot behind leaders Apr 07, 2017, 8:40 AM Environmental groups concerned pipeline project will increase tanker traffic Jul 26, 2016, 8:20 AM Oil prices poised to slide, crude glut continues Jul 26, 2016, 7:33 AM "Distasteful" ad prompts Canada Action to further distance itself from former volunteer Jul 25, 2016, 2:35 PM Oil spill forces Prince Albert to shutdown water intake Jul 25, 2016, 10:11 AM ConocoPhillips Canada plans to cut upwards of 300 staff, mostly in Calgary Jul 22, 2016, 1:01 PM Dancer-actresss, 'Laugh-In' regular Chelsea Brown dies at 69 Apr 07, 2017, 12:25 PM Rock Hall 2017 class includes Pearl Jam, Tupac and Journey Apr 07, 2017, 11:59 AM Film academy rules ineligible documentary series like 'O.J.' Apr 07, 2017, 11:51 AM Brian Williams calls images of US missile launch 'beautiful' Apr 07, 2017, 8:18 AM Scarlett Johansson: Ivanka Trump 'baffles me' Apr 07, 2017, 7:06 AM Home About Us Contact Us Breaking News Alerts Advertise with us Advertise with us Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service 9912 Franklin Ave, Fort McMurray, Alberta T9H 2K5 © 2016-2017 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifiying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *}
CHEK News, Weather, Sports, and TV. Victoria 8°C   Home News Local News Newscasts Live & Recent Newscasts CHEK Point Vital People This Week In History Your Country, Your Story News Personalities News Links Contact News Weather Sports Local Sports Game On! WHL Hockey Highlights Auto Sports LPGA Golf Videos Links Programs TV Schedule Live & Recent Newscasts Supernatural 60 Minutes 48 Hours Bones Wheel of Fortune Jeopardy Everybody Loves Raymond King of Queens Judge Judy Hot Bench Trend Cookin’ on the Coast The Wealthy Life CHEK Around Out There Da Vinci’s Inquest Game On! Flavours of the West Coast Community Sponsorship Vital People TC10K 2016 Contests Your Country, Your Story Ticket to Go! About Us Our Story Press Releases Career Opportunities Personalities Mobile Marketing Advertise Video Production Corporate Video Commercials / Video production Events Contact Menu Home News Local News Newscasts Live & Recent Newscasts CHEK Point Vital People This Week In History Your Country, Your Story News Personalities News Links Contact News Weather Sports Local Sports Game On! WHL Hockey Highlights Auto Sports LPGA Golf Videos Links Programs TV Schedule Live & Recent Newscasts Supernatural 60 Minutes 48 Hours Bones Wheel of Fortune Jeopardy Everybody Loves Raymond King of Queens Judge Judy Hot Bench Trend Cookin’ on the Coast The Wealthy Life CHEK Around Out There Da Vinci’s Inquest Game On! Flavours of the West Coast Community Sponsorship Vital People TC10K 2016 Contests Your Country, Your Story Ticket to Go! About Us Our Story Press Releases Career Opportunities Personalities Mobile Marketing Advertise Video Production Corporate Video Commercials / Video production Events Contact Super Hornet maker Boeing working to fix problems with oxygen, pressure loss Posted By: The Canadian Presson: April 07, 2017In: National News OTTAWA — Aerospace giant Boeing Co. says it is working to address concerns raised by Canadian officials and others over pilots reporting oxygen deprivation and cockpit pressure loss while flying its Super Hornet fighter jets. But a solution has so far been elusive while the number of reported problems continues to rise, raising questions about the potential risk to Canadian pilots as the Liberals move to purchase 18 of the warplanes. Figures provided to a U.S. House Armed Services subcommittee last week show there has been a steady increase in pilots reporting loss of oxygen or pressure while flying U.S. Navy Super Hornets in recent years. There were 31 such "physiological episodes" per 100,000 flying hours from November 2015 to October 2016 -- an 11 per cent increase from the previous year, and three times the rate reported in 2010-11. In an interview with The Canadian Press, Boeing vice-president of global sales Roberto Valla said Canadian officials have raised the issue with the company. The Liberal government announced last November that it wanted to buy 18 Super Hornets to augment Canada's aging CF-18s until a full competition could be run to replace the entire CF-18 fleets in a few years. "Yes, we have received questions along those lines," Valla said. "But our commitment to work with the United States Navy to resolve this matter is an unwavering commitment." That appears to be easier said than done as the U.S. Navy and Boeing have shown little progress in addressing the problem despite Navy officials calling it the force's top safety priority for over a year. The physiological episodes are broken into two categories: those in which pilots breath gas and those involving sudden changes in air pressure, both of which threaten flight safety. Members of the Tactical Air and Land Forces subcommittee in Washington expressed concerns on March 28 about the rising number of such problems with the Super Hornets and older Hornet jets. The head of Boeing's Super Hornet program, Dan Gillian, said several fixes have been introduced, such as changing the warplanes' filters and the way some components are maintained. "I want to be clear that the airplane is performing for its requirements and per specifications," Gillian said. "Having said that, we see this issue, we take it seriously, and are working with the U.S. Navy to improve the performance of the airplane in this regard." Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan's spokeswoman, Jordan Owens, says the Super Hornets that Canada plans to buy must meet set standards when it comes to oxygen. "The oxygen requirements of the potential interim fleet would be required to meet industry, regulatory, and operational standards," she said, "as well as the RCAF's training and operational demands." Valla and Gillian were in Ottawa to meet with government officials as Boeing draws up a formal plan for selling Super Hornets to Canada, a purchase the government hopes to make official by year's end. One of the key questions is how Canada will pay to buy the 18 "interim" aircraft, which are technically being sold through the U.S. government. Gillian said the U.S. Navy pays around $70 million (USD) per plane, which would work out to about $1.75 billion (CAD) given current exchange rates and the U.S. government's standard 3.5 per cent fee. But that doesn't include upgrades to existing Canadian military infrastructure, training or long-term maintenance costs, and some have pegged the full cost at between $5 billion and $7 billion. Asked about those numbers, Valla said: "It's easy to put out a number. It's very difficult to say what actually makes up the number." The two also wouldn't comment on when the Liberal government wants the Super Hornets in the air, though they were adamant Boeing would be able to deliver. "We think we can deliver to meet Canada's needs," Gillian said. "Boeing has a long history of working with Canada and delivering great product on time and on cost. That is our heritage together." - Follow @leeberthiaume on Twitter Lee Berthiaume, The Canadian Press Previous Seven stories in the news today, April 7 Next In U.S. talks, Morneau draws link between anxiety that elected Trudeau, Trump Related Articles Privacy complaint by Liberals alleges NDP shares supporter lists without consent April 07, 2017 Privacy complaint by Liberals alleges NDP shares supporter lists without consent April 07, 2017 Prostitute who gave Google exec fatal drug shot is to be deported to Canada April 07, 2017 CP Regional News WHL Roundup: Thurkauf has three points as Rockets doubled up Winterhawks in Game 1 April 07, 2017 Olympian Penny Oleksiak wins 100-metre freestyle at Team Canada Trials April 07, 2017 Surrey, B.C., police arrest man for alleged child luring attempt April 07, 2017 Privacy complaint by Liberals alleges NDP shares supporter lists without consent April 07, 2017 B.C. police reveal details for the first time of murdered man April 07, 2017 CBC Regional News Immigration minister meets with youth group, plays soccer April 07, 2017 Vancouver mockumentary ‘Heel Kick’ opens at Rio Theatre April 07, 2017 Surrey Food Bank looks for new building as director retires April 07, 2017 Wild weather causes BC Ferries cancellations, topples trees, cuts power to thousands April 07, 2017 North Van man chased Pearl Jam around the planet for 12 years April 07, 2017 Survey of Vancouverites reveals who we are April 07, 2017 Millions in political donations prompt call for review of B.C. mining regulations April 07, 2017 Bricks fly off building during Vancouver windstorm April 07, 2017 Mudslide destroys 2 homes, causes injuries in Okanagan April 07, 2017 RCMP arrest target of Creep Catchers sting April 07, 2017 Canadian Press Privacy complaint by Liberals alleges NDP shares supporter lists without consent April 07, 2017 Prostitute who gave Google exec fatal drug shot is to be deported to Canada April 07, 2017 Premier responds to health-firings report; retired judge to oversee payouts April 07, 2017 Some of what was said Friday in Canada about the U.S. airstrikes in Syria April 07, 2017 Spain tackles piracy to try to get closer to Premier League April 07, 2017 CHEK Sports Island Swimmers aim to shine on national stage April 07, 2017 A Comox woman prepares for the Invictus Games April 06, 2017 Will Dave Lowry be back with the Victoria Royals April 04, 2017 Victoria Royals clean out locker room April 04, 2017 Nanaimo United upsets Cowichan F.C. to capture Jackson Cup April 03, 2017 Royals eliminated from WHL playoffs in record-breaking fashion April 03, 2017 Campbell River Storm defeat Victoria Cougars in 4OT to win VIJHL Championship April 03, 2017 Team Canada’s training camp to be held in Victoria for 2017 Invictus Games April 03, 2017 Nanaimo Clippers transition to local ownership, will stay in Nanaimo April 03, 2017 Game On! 04/02/17 April 02, 2017 Top Stories Plea deal possible for man charged in Const. Sarah Beckett’s death April 06, 2017 New baby hugging program at Victoria General helps high-risk infants April 05, 2017 Nighttime construction noise concerning for residents near McKenzie interchange site April 05, 2017 New strain of Lyme disease on Vancouver Island April 04, 2017 Drivers on Malahat delayed as crews remove hazardous tree April 04, 2017 NHL players won’t be going to 2018 Olympics April 03, 2017 VIctoria Royals set Canadian Hockey League record for longest game April 03, 2017 Hell’s Angels ride, from Nanaimo to Langford, in memory of slain prospect April 01, 2017 Island Health warns deadly carfentanil in Alberni Valley March 31, 2017 Search intensifies for missing Nanaimo teen Makayla Chang March 29, 2017 2015 Copyright CHEK Media About Us Our Story Career Opportunities Press Releases Advertise Contests Ticket to Go! Links Personalities Shows TV Schedule Jeopardy Wheel of Fortune Cookin’ on the Coast Trend Judge Judy Hot Bench CHEK Around The Wealthy Life Video Production Video Production Commercials / Video production Corporate Video Studios, Green Screen Rentals Contact Us Get the App
IHS.com Products Advertise Client Login Register 360 My Preference 360 Home Defence Platforms Platforms Home Air Platforms Land Platforms Sea Platforms Weapons Weapons Home Air-Launched Weapons Infantry Weapons Naval Weapons C4iSR & Missions Systems C4iSR & Missions Systems Home C4iSR: Air C4iSR: Land C4iSR: Maritime C4iSR: Joint & Common Equipment CBRNE & EOD Defence Security Country Risk Military Capabilities CBRN Assessment Terrorism & Insurgency Industry Capability Profiles Thought Leadership Multimedia Press Events IDEX 2017 INDODEFENCE 2016 Africa Aerospace & Defence 2016 Farnborough Air Show 2016 Eurosatory 2016 CANSEC 2016 SOFEX 2016 AUSA 2015 DSEI 2015 Paris Air Show 2015 IDEX 2015 Magazines IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review More Industry Press Releases Multimedia IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review Industry HOME INDUSTRY ARTICLE CONTENT PREVIEW To read the full article, Client Login Industry Boeing and Babcock outline South Australian investment plans Jon Grevatt, Bangkok - IHS Jane's Defence Industry 06 April 2017 Babcock and Boeing have become the latest foreign companies to announce plans to expand in South Australia, a region that will become the centre for much of the country's naval modernisation programme over the coming decades. In separate statements issued on 5 and 6 April respectively, Babcock said it has established a new regional support centre in Adelaide, while Boeing Defence Australia (BDA) said it had signed an agreement with the South Australian government to set up a new facility in the same city to focus on "research, development, and innovation". Babcock said the move to create its new support centre, which will provide services across a range of sectors, follows 12 months of growth in Australia and New Zealand, which has seen the company's employee count increase by 22% and its regional revenues increase by 25%. Want to read more? For analysis on this article and access to all our insight content, please enquire about our subscription options:　ihs.com/contact To read the full article, Client Login (160 of 481 words) Related IHS Products IHS Jane's Defense Industry Solutions IHS Jane's Defense Industry & Market Intelligence Centre IHS Jane's Defense: News Intelligence Centre Module IHS Jane's DS Forecasting IHS Jane's Offsets Advisory Module OCEANIA Damen submits tender for Australian OPV project INDUSTRY Australia and Indonesia prepare to boost defence technology partnership INDUSTRY Australia to boost F-35 industry support INDUSTRY Israel's CyberGym to invest in Australia INDUSTRY Boeing Poseidon contract includes first UK aircraft AIR PLATFORMS OCEANIA Damen submits tender for Australian OPV project INDUSTRY Australia and Indonesia prepare to boost defence technology partnership INDUSTRY Australia to boost F-35 industry support INDUSTRY Israel's CyberGym to invest in Australia INDUSTRY Boeing Poseidon contract includes first UK aircraft AIR PLATFORMS DEFENCE INDUSTRY & MARKETS Russia approves helicopter joint venture with India INDUSTRY Trump vows to strengthen military defences against North Korea INDUSTRY China donates military equipment to Guyana INDUSTRY Damen submits tender for Australian OPV project INDUSTRY Switzerland joins EDA unmanned systems research programme INDUSTRY DEFENCE INDUSTRY & MARKETS Russia approves helicopter joint venture with India INDUSTRY Trump vows to strengthen military defences against North Korea INDUSTRY China donates military equipment to Guyana INDUSTRY Damen submits tender for Australian OPV project INDUSTRY Switzerland joins EDA unmanned systems research programme INDUSTRY FEATURED REPORT 2017: the year of European defence? By wide consensus 2017 will be a crunch point for defence decisions in Europe, with two factors driving the change: the UK's decision to leave the EU and the election of US president Donald Trump. Brooks Tigner considers the EU's possible defence evolution in the year ahead Download here ADVERTISEMENT Interested in subscribing to complete IHS content? Call us Americas: +1 844 301 7334 Asia-Pacific: +604 291 3763 Europe, Africa & Middle East: +44 (0)1344 328 155 ihs.com/contact Industry Links IHS Jane's is not responsible for the content within or linking from Industry Links pages. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT BACK TO TOP Home Defence Security Industry Multimedia Industry Press Releases Events Magazines IHS Jane's 360 Editorial Team Advertising Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map 360 Websites Datasheets360 IHS Electronics360 IHS Airport 360 IHS Engineering360 IHS Maritime 360 IHS IHS.com About IHS A-Z Products Contact Us Copyright © 2017 IHS. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. -- Modal content -->  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Sign In  /  Sign Up Invalid Email-Id Or Password!!! Email-Id  :       Password  :   Forgot Password? Note:By clicking "Log in", you are agreeing to the terms of the Jane’s Data Terms and Conditions for Subscriptions About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s -- Modal content -->  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Register with Jane’s 360 today and join a global community of defence professionals benefiting from our news and insights. You will only need to complete this once. Title * Mr Ms    Email * First Name *    Password * Last Name *    Company * Job Title *    Address * Department *    State/Province * City *    Country * United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Ascension Islands Aland Islands Albania Algeria America Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burma Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China, Peoples Republic Of Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Democratic Republic of The Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire Croatia Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Diego Garcia Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic Of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic Of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia St. Martin (French) St Maarten (Dutch) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Sudan South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic Of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, US Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zaire Zambia Zimbabwe Post/Zip *    Phone Number Jane’s Defence Weekly Jane’s International Defence review Jane’s Airport Review Jane’s Navy International Please select the newsletters you would like to receive. Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Defence      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Security      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Air Forces Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Land Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Naval Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Airport Jane's 360      Airport 360 Jane’s may also share the information you provide with carefully selected third party companies. Please indicate if you wish to be excluded from receiving third party communications. phone mail e-mail By submitting this request, I agree with the Jane’s email and privacy policy .     About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s -- Modal content -->  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Enter your Email-id to retrive your password Invalid Email-Id!!! Email-Id  :       Note:By clicking "Log in", you are agreeing to the terms of the Jane’s Data Terms and Conditions for Subscriptions About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s -- Modal content -->  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Register with Jane’s 360 today and join a global community of defence professionals benefiting from our news and insights. You will only need to complete this once. Title * Mr Ms    Email * First Name *    Password * Last Name *    Company * Job Title *    Address * Department *    State/Province * City *    Country * United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Ascension Islands Aland Islands Albania Algeria America Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burma Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China, Peoples Republic Of Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Democratic Republic of The Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire Croatia Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Diego Garcia Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic Of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic Of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia St. Martin (French) St Maarten (Dutch) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Sudan South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic Of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, US Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zaire Zambia Zimbabwe Post/Zip *    Phone Number Jane’s Defence Weekly Jane’s International Defence review Jane’s Airport Review Jane’s Navy International Please select the newsletters you would like to receive. Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Defence      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Security      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Air Forces Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Land Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Naval Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Airport Jane's 360      Airport 360 Jane’s may also share the information you provide with carefully selected third party companies. Please indicate if you wish to be excluded from receiving third party communications. phone mail e-mail By submitting this request, I agree with the Jane’s email and privacy policy .     About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s
MetroNews Canada MetroNews Canada Sorry, MetroNews.ca requires JavaScript. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and refresh the page for an optimal experience. Home News Calgary Edmonton Halifax Ottawa Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg Canada World Views Entertainment Life Food Money Health Travel Technology Careers Wheels.ca Business Sports Your Home Horoscopes Games Features Special Features Contests Flyers News / Canada Super Hornet maker Boeing working to fix problems with oxygen, pressure loss Share on Facebook A A Share via Email Print By: Lee Berthiaume The Canadian Press Published on OTTAWA — Aerospace giant Boeing Co. says it is working to address concerns raised by Canadian officials and others over pilots reporting oxygen deprivation and cockpit pressure loss while flying its Super Hornet fighter jets. But a solution has so far been elusive while the number of reported problems continues to rise, raising questions about the potential risk to Canadian pilots as the Liberals move to purchase 18 of the warplanes. Figures provided to a U.S. House Armed Services subcommittee last week show there has been a steady increase in pilots reporting loss of oxygen or pressure while flying U.S. Navy Super Hornets in recent years. There were 31 such "physiological episodes" per 100,000 flying hours from November 2015 to October 2016 -- an 11 per cent increase from the previous year, and three times the rate reported in 2010-11. In an interview with The Canadian Press, Boeing vice-president of global sales Roberto Valla said Canadian officials have raised the issue with the company. The Liberal government announced last November that it wanted to buy 18 Super Hornets to augment Canada's aging CF-18s until a full competition could be run to replace the entire CF-18 fleets in a few years. "Yes, we have received questions along those lines," Valla said. "But our commitment to work with the United States Navy to resolve this matter is an unwavering commitment." That appears to be easier said than done as the U.S. Navy and Boeing have shown little progress in addressing the problem despite Navy officials calling it the force's top safety priority for over a year. The physiological episodes are broken into two categories: those in which pilots breath gas and those involving sudden changes in air pressure, both of which threaten flight safety. Members of the Tactical Air and Land Forces subcommittee in Washington expressed concerns on March 28 about the rising number of such problems with the Super Hornets and older Hornet jets. The head of Boeing's Super Hornet program, Dan Gillian, said several fixes have been introduced, such as changing the warplanes' filters and the way some components are maintained. "I want to be clear that the airplane is performing for its requirements and per specifications," Gillian said. "Having said that, we see this issue, we take it seriously, and are working with the U.S. Navy to improve the performance of the airplane in this regard." Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan's spokeswoman, Jordan Owens, says the Super Hornets that Canada plans to buy must meet set standards when it comes to oxygen. "The oxygen requirements of the potential interim fleet would be required to meet industry, regulatory, and operational standards," she said, "as well as the RCAF's training and operational demands." Valla and Gillian were in Ottawa to meet with government officials as Boeing draws up a formal plan for selling Super Hornets to Canada, a purchase the government hopes to make official by year's end. One of the key questions is how Canada will pay to buy the 18 "interim" aircraft, which are technically being sold through the U.S. government. Gillian said the U.S. Navy pays around $70 million (USD) per plane, which would work out to about $1.75 billion (CAD) given current exchange rates and the U.S. government's standard 3.5 per cent fee. But that doesn't include upgrades to existing Canadian military infrastructure, training or long-term maintenance costs, and some have pegged the full cost at between $5 billion and $7 billion. Asked about those numbers, Valla said: "It's easy to put out a number. It's very difficult to say what actually makes up the number." The two also wouldn't comment on when the Liberal government wants the Super Hornets in the air, though they were adamant Boeing would be able to deliver. "We think we can deliver to meet Canada's needs," Gillian said. "Boeing has a long history of working with Canada and delivering great product on time and on cost. That is our heritage together." - Follow @leeberthiaume on Twitter Editors' Picks Google rolls out Fact Check feature to fight fake news Toronto's 'gig economy' fueled by young workers starved for choice Video: A man tried Kendall Jenner's Pepsi peace trick, it did not go well Good dogs: Study says pooches can help reduce allergies, obesity in kids More on Metronews.ca Most Popular UBC president Santa Ono opens up about his struggle with mental health Survivors of Syria chemical attack grapple with fallout Seizing Nemo: SPCA removes fish from notorious Nova Scotia animal abuser Gail Benoit's possession Elderly woman dies after Air Canada flight's emergency landing in Calgary Back to Mobile About About Us Contact Careers RSS Feeds Terms Advertising Terms Terms and Conditions Privacy Code Metronews.ca My Metro Store Contests Metro Panel Special Features FAQ © Copyright Free Daily News Group Inc. 2001-2017 Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy
Airwise News Top Stories Airline News Airport News Aviation News Cargo/Freight News Travel Industry News Tourism News Feature Stories Popular Stories Recently Added Stories Airport Guide US Airports UK Airports European Airports Canadian Airports Central American Airports South American Airports Middle East Airports African Airports Asian Airports South Pacific Airports Flight Arrivals US Airports UK Airports European Airports Canadian Airports Asian Airports Australian Airports Airline Info US Airlines UK Airlines Canadian Airlines Central American Airlines South American Airlines European Airlines Middle East Airlines African Airlines Asian Airlines South Pacific Airlines Airwise Airwise News Back Top Stories Airline News Airport News Aviation News Cargo/Freight News Travel Industry News Tourism News Feature Stories Popular Stories Recently Added Stories Airport Guide Flight Arrivals Back US Airports UK Airports European Airports Canadian Airports Asian Airports Australian Airports Airline Info Airwise Travel Home | < Previous page Airwise Home News Boeing Wins First Quarter Orders Race Boeing Wins First Quarter Orders Race April 6, 2017 Boeing beat Airbus in the first quarter commercial aircraft orders race as the European manufacturer’s net total slipped to just six planes. Airbus took 26 orders in the quarter to end March, 19 of which were for the soon to be discontinued A320ceo, and just one for its successor, the A320neo. Taking 20 cancellations and changes into consideration, Airbus was left with a net order increase of six aircraft. In contrast, Boeing took 190 commercial aircraft orders in the period, with cancellations and conversions to other models bringing the net order total down to 162. The 737 received 165 orders from unidentified customers, with the 787 adding 11 and the 777 another nine. Boeing delivered 169 commercial aircraft in the quarter, including 113 737s and 32 787s. Airbus delivered 136 planes including 26 of the heavily delayed A320neo, as Pratt & Whitney engine delivery problems continued to affect production. Airbus continued its ramp up of A350 deliveries with 13 A350-900s going out to customers in the quarter. (Airwise) Top Stories Two-thirds Of Travel Websites Mislead On Prices Delta Still Recovering From Atlanta Thunderstorms Southwest Airlines Reports March Traffic Boeing Wins First Quarter Orders Race Global Passenger Demand, Loads Up In February Search Airwise Airwise News Top Stories Airline News Airport News Aviation News Feature Stories Cargo/Freight News Travel Industry News Tourism News Most Viewed Stories Boeing Wins First Quarter Orders Race Global Passenger Demand, Loads Up In February Singapore, Ethiopian Extend Codesharing Delta Still Recovering From Atlanta Thunderstorms Two-thirds Of Travel Websites Mislead On Prices AIRWISE Home Site Search Contact Us AIRWISE NEWS Top Stories Airline News Airport News Aviation News Cargo/Freight News Travel Industry News Tourism News Feature Stories Popular Stories Recently Added Stories AIRPORT GUIDE World Airports US Airports UK Airports European Airports Canadian Airports South American Airports Middle East Airports African Airports Asian Airports South Pacific Airports AIRLINE INFO World Airlines US Airlines UK Airlines European Airlines Canadian Airlines South American Airlines Middle East Airlines African Airlines Asian Airlines South Pacific Airlines Copyright © 2017 Ascent Pacific.
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Blade Vault, Reprints Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education Weekly Ads Saturday, Apr 08, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Technology Robots work alongside people in warehouses BLOOMBERG NEWS Published on April 7, 2017 Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print It was Amazon that drove America’s warehouse operators into the robot business. Quiet Logistics, which ships apparel out of its Devens, Mass., warehouse, had been using robots made by a company called Kiva Systems. When Amazon bought Kiva in 2012, Quiet hired scientists. In 2015 it spun out a new company called Locus Robotics, which raised $8 million in venture capital. Last year, Locus unveiled its own warehouse robotics solution called the LocusBot — first using it for its own business, then selling them to other companies. Amazon.com boxes are shown stacked near a Boeing 767 Amazon "Prime Air" cargo plane on display in a Boeing hangar in Seattle. ASSOCIATED PRESS Enlarge Now, Locus has landed a bigger fish: It’s selling its robots to DHL Worldwide Express, the world’s largest third-party logistics company. DHL will use the machines at a Southhaven, Miss., location to help ship surgical devices to operating rooms across the country. To do that, Locus’s software directs a LocusBot to a shelf where the specific item is located. A human worker meets it there, reads a description of the item off an iPad, and drops it into a plastic bucket mounted on the machine. The idea is that the robot does the majority of the traveling, while the worker simply patrols a specified zone. “The first trend was to try to replace humans,” said Rick Faulk, chief executive of Locus. “Now it’s about humans and robots working collaboratively.” Locus isn’t alone. Amazon’s acquisition of Kiva set off an arms race among robot makers and shippers across the United States who scurried to keep up with the e-commerce giant. That includes 6 River Systems, a Waltham, Mass.-based company founded by former Kiva employees, which this week is showing its robot at ProMat, an industry trade show in Chicago. The big changes in warehouse robotics, said Adrian Kumar, vice president for solutions design at DHL, come in response to the rise of e-commerce. For decades, operators were focused on the task of loading pallets and shipping them to retailers, who broke up the shipments and routed them to retail locations. Fulfilling online orders, on the other hand, requires shippers to pack boxes with a diverse set of individual items and route them on to customers’ homes. That shift has given way to what people in the business call collaborative robotics, in which a human warehouse worker toils alongside an autonomous machine. At the Quiet Logistics warehouse, the robots shorten the distance a warehouse worker travels on a typical day from 14 miles to less than 5 miles, Mr. Faulk said. The robots, meanwhile, park themselves directly in front of the shelf that the worker is supposed to pick from, decreasing the risk the human will pick the wrong item. That makes the job easier, and is appealing to employees. “Working with robots is a fun thing to do,” Mr. Faulk said. What that means for warehouse humans is an open question. There were 939,000 people working in the industry in February, up 44 percent over the past 10 years, according to data from the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics. Related Items Amazon.com , DHL Express , Robots Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Medical Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site Footer Site Search Site Map 2 Last updated: April 8, 2017 APlus Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian Home A Plus Digital Print Edition News Latest News The Nation The World Inquirer Investigations Health & Science Mind Games In Depth Photos Video Podcasts Opinion Columnists Letters Editorials Cartoons Cut & Paste World Commentary Strewth Blogs Business Review News Latest Opinion Companies Dataroom Markets Economics Margin Call Mining & Energy Wealth Aviation Financial Services Legal Affairs The Deal Wall Street Journal Business Spectator Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Broadcast Print Marketing Digital Tech Technology News Opinion Personal Tech Property Commercial Careers National Affairs Politics News Opinion Newspoll data State Politics Policy Climate Defence Foreign Affairs Immigration Education Industrial Relations Indigenous Health Treasury Sport Sport News Opinion Cricket Golf Football Rugby Union Tennis US Sports AFL NRL Motorsport The Times Turf & Thoroughbreds Combat Sport Cycling Basketball Olympics Life Food & Wine Recipes Wine Halliday's Top 100 Hot 50 restaurants Home & Design Prestige Property Motoring Health & Wellbeing Personal Tech Travel Fashion Columnists Magazine Wish Tech Technology News Personal Tech Opinion Arts Arts News Opinion Books Film Stage Visual Arts Television Music Review Travel Higher Ed Higher Ed News Opinion Int'l Students University Rankings Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Print Broadcast Digital Marketing Property You have cookies turned off To use this website, cookies must be enabled in your browser. To enable cookies, follow the instructions for your browser below. Facebook App: Open links in External Browser There is a specific issue with the Facebook in-app browser intermittently making requests to websites without cookies that had previously been set. This appears to be a defect in the browser which should be addressed soon. The simplest approach to avoid this problem is to continue to use the Facebook app but not use the in-app browser. This can be done through the following steps: Open the settings menu by clicking the hamburger menu in the top right Choose “App Settings” from the menu Turn on the option “Links Open Externally” (This will use the device’s default browser) Windows Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 9 Open the Internet Browser Click Tools (or “gear” icon at top right hand corner) > Internet Options > Privacy > Advanced Check Override automatic cookie handling For First-party Cookies and Third-party Cookies click Accept Click OK and OK Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 10, 11 Open the Internet Browser Click the Tools button, and then click Internet Options. Click the Privacy tab, and then, under Settings, move the slider to the bottom to allow all cookies, and then click OK. Click OK Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy < Use custom settings for history Check Accept cookies from sites Check Accept third party cookies Select Keep until: they expire Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Click Tools icon Or type in Go to chrome://settings/ to the URL window, hit enter Click ‘Advanced settings’ > Select Privacy > Content settings Check ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘Done’ Mac Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Firefox > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘History’ select Firefox will: ‘Use custom settings for history’ Check ‘Accept cookies from sites’ and then check ‘Accept third-party cookies’ Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Chrome > Preferences Click ‘Show advanced settings…’ at the bottom. Under Privacy select ‘Content settings…’ Under ‘Cookies’ select ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘OK’ Enabling Cookies in Safari In Safari Safari > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘Block cookies’ check ‘Never’ Enabling Cookies in Mobile Safari (iPhone, iPad) Go to the Home screen by pressing the Home button or by unlocking your phone/iPad Select the Settings icon. Select Safari from the settings menu. Select ‘accept cookies’ from the safari menu. Select ‘from visited’ from the accept cookies menu. Press the home button to return the the iPhone home screen. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Before the cookie settings change will take effect, Safari must restart. To restart Safari press and hold the Home button (for around five seconds) until the iPhone/iPad display goes blank and the home screen appears. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. You are currently using private or incognito browsing mode so you’ll need to log in every time you visit The Australian Tap here for more information X A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out here Back to top Login Subscribe Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian NewsFlash NewsFlash App Store Daily Edition Daily Edition iTunes Daily Edition Google Play Terms of Use Editorial Code of conduct Standards of Practice Subscription terms Group Subscription Terms Accessibility Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-out Cookie Policy Contact Us Help Contact Us info Photo Sales News Archive About Us About The Australian Advertise with us Our journalists Subscribe The Australian Plus member benefits Sign up to Newsletters Manage Your Newsletters Copyright The Australian. All times AEST (GMT +10:00) Powered by WordPress.com VIP The Australian doesn't play nicely with your current browser. Please take a moment to upgrade to the latest version. Internet Explorer v10 or later Upgrade now
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Saturday 08 Apr 2017 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment Boeing invests in tech companies via new group HorizonX By Gulli Arnason in Air and Travel · April 8, 2017 The Boeing Company (NYSE: BA) has invested in two early-stage technology companies through the ventures arm of a new group called Boeing HorizonX, an innovation cell focused on accelerating potentially transformative aerospace technologies, manufacturing innovations, and emerging business models, the company said. Boeing HorizonX has made a venture investment in Washington, DC-based Upskill, a provider of enterprise software for augmented reality wearables focused on enhancing productivity, quality and safety in manufacturing, field service and logistics. Boeing has been working with Upskill for more than two years to evaluate the use of its technology across multiple locations nationally. In addition, Boeing HorizonX is partnering with JetBlue Technology Ventures to invest in Zunum Aero, a Kirkland, Washington-based company that is pursuing the development of alternative propulsion aircraft, with potential for performance and efficiency improvements in a range of aerospace applications. Boeing HorizonX is led by Steve Nordlund, who takes this role after serving as vice president of strategy for Boeing Defense, Space & Security. He has led strategy and business development organizations in both defense and commercial airplane business units at Boeing and helped launch venture-backed Insitu, Inc., which developed the ScanEagle and Integrator unmanned aerial systems. Boeing HorizonX will operate as part of the Corporate Development & Strategy group, which reports to Greg Smith, chief financial officer and executive vice president of Corporate Development & Strategy at Boeing, with alignment also to Boeing´s chief technology officer and senior vice president of Boeing Engineering, Test & Technology, Greg Hyslop. Boeing HorizonX will have three focus areas: making targeted investments in new ventures and startups; seeking unique business opportunities for the company´s aerospace technology; and assessing disruptive innovations and business strategies. The Boeing Company, together with its subsidiaries, designs, develops, manufactures, sells, services, and supports commercial jetliners, military aircraft, satellites, missile defense, human space flight, and launch systems and services worldwide. Related posts Flight dispatchers, Atlas Air, Polar Air Cargo reach tentative agreement April 8, 2017 Negotiators with the Teamsters Airline Division have announced that a tentative agreement has been reached... Mayo Aviation partners with PWI to install LED lighting on King Air aircraft April 7, 2017 Mayo Aviation, Inc., a private jet management company with a complete in-house 145 repair station,... PASSUR hires new Senior VP – Airports and Business Aviation April 7, 2017 PASSUR Aerospace, Inc. (OTC: PSSR) has announced that Douglas (Doug) Hofsass has joined the company... Oaktree, Connor Capital form HPN Aviation to operate, improve Westchester County Airport April 7, 2017 Funds managed by Oaktree Capital Management, L.P. (Oaktree) and Connor Capital have formed the HPN... AFRAA chooses Sabre to provide consulting services to member airlines April 7, 2017 Sabre Corporation (NASDAQ: SABR) will provide consulting services to several of its member airlines through... Leave a comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « Mayo Aviation partners with PWI to install LED lighting on King Air aircraft Flight dispatchers, Atlas Air, Polar Air Cargo reach tentative agreement » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 April 2017 M T W T F S S « Mar       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2017 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Textron Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Textron Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Turquoise Hill Resources (TRQ) Receiving Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Finds Trinity Industries (TRN) Earning Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Report Shows Textron (TXT) Receives Coverage Optimism Score of 0.24 Copper Rock Capital Partners LLC Acquires 6,588 Shares of Childrens Place Inc (PLCE) S&CO Inc. Has $19,328,000 Position in Liberty Sirius XM Group (LSXMK) Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Stake Decreased by Waverton Investment Management Ltd Hess Corp. (HES) Position Maintained by Waverton Investment Management Ltd Associated Banc Corp (ASB) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Berkeley Group Holdings PLC (BKG) Given New GBX 3,600 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Argus Lowers Nike Inc (NKE) to Hold Leerink Swann Reiterates Outperform Rating for Seattle Genetics, Inc. (SGEN) Nomura Upgrades Nabors Industries Ltd. (NBR) to “Buy” Burberry Group plc (BRBY) Given New GBX 1,750 Price Target at Macquarie Zacks Investment Research Lowers New Residential Investment Corp (NRZ) to Hold EnLink Midstream LLC (ENLC) Rating Reiterated by Credit Suisse Group AG Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Prothena Co. PLC (PRTA) Lifted by Wedbush Worthington Industries, Inc. (WOR) Raised to Hold at Jefferies Group LLC Polymetal Intl Plc (AUCOY) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Royal Dutch Shell Plc’s (RDSA) Overweight Rating Reiterated at Barclays PLC Merck KGaA (MRK) Given a €95.00 Price Target by HSBC Holdings plc Analysts Textron (TXT) Receives Coverage Optimism Score of 0.24 April 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News stories about Textron (NYSE:TXT) have trended somewhat positive on Friday, Alpha One Sentiment Analysis reports. Alpha One, a unit of Accern, identifies positive and negative press coverage by reviewing more than 20 million blog and news sources in real-time. Alpha One ranks coverage of companies on a scale of negative one to positive one, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. Textron earned a daily sentiment score of 0.24 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also assigned media stories about Textron an impact score of 30 out of 100, indicating that recent press coverage is unlikely to have an effect on the company’s share price in the near future. These are some of the media stories that may have effected AlphaOne Sentiment’s analysis: TRU Simulation + Training Qualifies First Ever Boeing 737 MAX Full Flight Simulator (aviationpros.com) Textron (TXT) to Buyback 25,000,000 Outstanding Stock (americanbankingnews.com) Textron Inc. (TXT) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts (americanbankingnews.com) Textron (TXT) Announces U.S. Navy Awards for Two Common … – StreetInsider.com (streetinsider.com) The Technical Chart For Textron Inc. (TXT) Has Spoken – NY Stock News (nystocknews.com) Shares of Textron (NYSE:TXT) traded up 0.53% on Friday, hitting $47.67. The stock had a trading volume of 1,187,295 shares. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $47.58 and a 200-day moving average price of $45.46. Textron has a 12 month low of $34.00 and a 12 month high of $50.93. The stock has a market cap of $12.88 billion, a PE ratio of 13.52 and a beta of 1.61. Textron (NYSE:TXT) last released its earnings results on Wednesday, January 25th. The company reported $0.80 earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.87 by $0.07. Textron had a net margin of 6.98% and a return on equity of 13.36%. The firm had revenue of $3.80 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $4.05 billion. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $0.81 EPS. The firm’s quarterly revenue was down 2.5% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Textron will post $2.60 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Saturday, April 1st. Shareholders of record on Friday, March 10th were paid a $0.02 dividend. This represents a $0.08 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.17%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, March 8th. Textron’s payout ratio is currently 2.27%. A number of equities research analysts recently issued reports on the company. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $60.00 price objective on shares of Textron in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. Zacks Investment Research cut Textron from a “hold” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a research note on Monday, January 30th. Credit Suisse Group AG reaffirmed an “outperform” rating on shares of Textron in a research note on Saturday, January 28th. Finally, Robert W. Baird reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and set a $60.00 price objective on shares of Textron in a research note on Friday, January 20th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, three have issued a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $47.88. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Textron (TXT) Receives Coverage Optimism Score of 0.24” was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/07/textron-txt-receives-coverage-optimism-score-of-0-24.html. Textron Company Profile Textron Inc is a multi-industry company engaged in aircraft, defense, industrial and finance businesses to provide customers with products and services across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Textron Aviation, Bell, Textron Systems, Industrial and Finance. The Textron Aviation segment is engaged in general aviation. Receive News & Ratings for Textron Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Textron Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Photos Videos Topics Live SL 131/10 (18) - BAN 176/9 (20) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Kishori Amonkar Narendra Modi IPL 2017 Yogi Adityanath Arvind Kejriwal Home World INTERVIEW-U.S. EXIM chief says White House split clouds trade bank's future Shares1 Sat, 8 Apr 2017-01:54am , Reuters An internal White House conflict over the future of the U.S. Export-Import Bank is keeping the government trade lender hobbled in the face of China's massive state export finance offensive, EXIM's acting chairman said. Charles "CJ" Hall told Reuters in an interview late on Thursday that Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross supports restoring the bank's full lending powers as part of President Donald Trump's push to boost U.S. exports and manufacturing jobs. He said there also were statements from several lawmakers that Trump himself supports EXIM's mission, but the same conservative Republican "ideologues" who tried to close the bank in 2015 are standing in the way of nominating new board members. "There is a debate in the administration between differing views on EXIM Bank. I would characterize that debate in its simplest form as between pragmatists and ideologues," Hall said. Conservative Republicans, including House Speaker Paul Ryan, have fought for years to revoke EXIM's charter, charging that it provides unnecessary "corporate welfare" to giant corporations such as Boeing Co, General Electric Co and Caterpillar Inc. Its charter was allowed to expire in 2015, but was restored five months later after a bitter fight in Congress. But with only two of five board seats filled and Obama nominees blocked last year, its loans and guarantees are capped at $10 million, preventing it from financing large exports such as commercial aircraft and power turbines. Hall, an Obama administration appointee who was asked to stay on for six months as Trump took office in January, was unusually candid about the split for an executive agency chief. "Secretary Ross is one of the pragmatists" who supports restoring EXIM's full powers, Hall said. "In terms of identifying the others, I would say it's more the Heritage Foundation point of view. And we know there are a lot of people from the Heritage Foundation who are salted around the Executive Office of the President, both in the White House and the Office of Management and Budget." Dan Holler, a spokesman for the foundation's political arm, Heritage Action for America, said that EXIM too often helps foreign competitors, citing Mexico's state oil company Pemex, which benefited from $7 billion in EXIM financing for U.S. exports between 2007 and 2013. "Unless Secretary Ross can demonstrate the bank actually creates jobs in America, there is really no argument for moving forward," Holler said. Hall said the bank fits into Trump's trade "sweet-spot" to boost U.S. exports and compete more effectively with China. In 2015, China's three export credit agencies provided $576 billion in total financing and guarantees, while a curtailed EXIM did only $10.6 billion. Hall noted that in 2014 and 2015, the Chinese agencies provided more financing than EXIM has in its entire 83-year history. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read World US air strike in Syria: Russia warns of 'extremely serious' consequences World Stockholm terror attack: Four dead and 15 injured in horrific truck attack World Twitter pulls lawsuit over anti-Trump account, says summons withdrawn World About 20 wedding guests dead as boat sinks in southwestern Myanmar World Malala Yousafzai to become youngest United Nations Messenger of Peace World US Senate confirms Trump's SC pick Gorsuch, three Democrats also vote for him Live Cricket Score Live SL 131/10 (18) BAN beat SL by 45 runs BAN 176/9 (20) Full Scorecard | Commentary Kings XI Punjab vs Rising Pune Supergiant Sat, 8 April 2017, 04:00 PM IST Video Watch: Adorable teen recreates 'La La Land' song sequence, asks Emma Stone to prom WATCH: Academy award-winning singer John Legend croons Gordon Ramsay's brutal insults Watch: Rakhi Sawant apologises after arrest warrant issued for her statement about Valmiki View all Tags Hall Donald Trump Wilbur Ross China White House Paul Ryan Caterpillar Inc. Charles Congress Heritage Action Mexico Pemex Reuters U. S. Heritage Action for America Heritage Foundation Obama Boeing Co Commerce Dan Holler Exim Bank Executive Office General Electric Co U. S. Export-Import Bank SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Swedish police suspect arrested man was driver in truck attack Is North Korea putting nuclear-tipped bargaining chip on table UK's May heads for electoral test over Brexit and her leadership Russia says too early to accuse Syrian government over gas attack - RIA Russia says too early to accuse Syrian government over gas attack - RIA Sport Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 32 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 32 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 32 Shyam Kumar claims gold after walkover in Thailand Int'l Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 32 Entertainment Sick of the IPL taking over your TV? Here’s what you can binge-watch instead! Show review: '13 Reasons Why' - Poignant, profound and prurient story Mark Hamill, Carrie Fisher to be named a Disney Legend Awards are encouragement but can't dictate films we make:Chopra Bijou Phillips recovering after successful kidney transplant Money In New York Comex trade, gold for June contract rose Sensex fails to maintain 30K level on fag-end selling pressure Looking back at the market action in this week, the Among the major indices, S&P BSE Realty rose by 5.28 H-1B Visa: US federal agency says application limit of 65,000 reached Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad U.S. EXIM chief says White House split clouds trade bank's future By Reuters Published: 16:21 EDT, 7 April 2017 | Updated: 16:21 EDT, 7 April 2017 e-mail By David Lawder WASHINGTON, April 7 (Reuters) - An internal White House conflict over the future of the U.S. Export-Import Bank is keeping the government trade lender hobbled in the face of China's massive state export finance offensive, EXIM's acting chairman said. Charles "CJ" Hall told Reuters in an interview late on Thursday that Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross supports restoring the bank's full lending powers as part of President Donald Trump's push to boost U.S. exports and manufacturing jobs. He said there also were statements from several lawmakers that Trump himself supports EXIM's mission, but the same conservative Republican "ideologues" who tried to close the bank in 2015 are standing in the way of nominating new board members. "There is a debate in the administration between differing views on EXIM Bank. I would characterize that debate in its simplest form as between pragmatists and ideologues," Hall said. Conservative Republicans, including House Speaker Paul Ryan, have fought for years to revoke EXIM's charter, charging that it provides unnecessary "corporate welfare" to giant corporations such as Boeing Co, General Electric Co and Caterpillar Inc. Its charter was allowed to expire in 2015, but was restored five months later after a bitter fight in Congress. But with only two of five board seats filled and Obama nominees blocked last year, its loans and guarantees are capped at $10 million, preventing it from financing large exports such as commercial aircraft and power turbines. Hall, an Obama administration appointee who was asked to stay on for six months as Trump took office in January, was unusually candid about the split for an executive agency chief. "Secretary Ross is one of the pragmatists" who supports restoring EXIM's full powers, Hall said. "In terms of identifying the others, I would say it's more the Heritage Foundation point of view. And we know there are a lot of people from the Heritage Foundation who are salted around the Executive Office of the President, both in the White House and the Office of Management and Budget." Dan Holler, a spokesman for the foundation's political arm, Heritage Action for America, said that EXIM too often helps foreign competitors, citing Mexico's state oil company Pemex, which benefited from $7 billion in EXIM financing for U.S. exports between 2007 and 2013. "Unless Secretary Ross can demonstrate the bank actually creates jobs in America, there is really no argument for moving forward," Holler said. Hall said the bank fits into Trump's trade "sweet-spot" to boost U.S. exports and compete more effectively with China. In 2015, China's three export credit agencies provided $576 billion in total financing and guarantees, while a curtailed EXIM did only $10.6 billion. Hall noted that in 2014 and 2015, the Chinese agencies provided more financing than EXIM has in its entire 83-year history. (Reporting by David Lawder; Editing by Andrea Ricci) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Dear neighbours... sorry about the building work, here's £45,000 (and a Hoover) Yours, the Clooneys: George and Amal offer compensation for noise caused by renovations  'I had a midlife crisis at 28': Freida Pinto tells why her relationship with Slumdog Millionaire co-star Dev Patel hit the rocks in 2014 Existential crisis 'She had a black eye and bruising everywhere, but made the X Factor final': Sharon Osbourne speaks out on the abuse Mel B suffered Bringing the glam! Amber Heard and Cara Delevingne cut sophisticated figures as they lead the stars at benefit gala in LA Mama June shocks by dropping into Sugar Bear's wedding after massive weight loss effort in dramatic From Not to Hot finale Wardrobe Confidential: Former model, TV presenter and mum of one Jodie Kidd talks about her wardrobe staples  SPONSORED 'Barbados soon!' Busty Rhian Sugden puts on an eye-popping display as she squeezes her VERY ample curves into a hot pink bikini for selfie Setting pulses racing Get shorty! Ariel Winter ditches her bra as she grabs sushi in tiny hot pants and a belly-baring halterneck They're in paradise! Sleepy Hollow star Lyndie Greenwood shows off bikini body during romantic getaway to Los Cabos with beau Ben Jamieson 'Didn't think she looked surprised!' Maria Fowler accuses pregnant Danielle Lloyd of staging her Loose Women baby scan... after clinic claims it scanned the model a WEEK ago Date night! Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley shows off her growing baby bump in LBD after dinner with fiance Jason Statham 'New hair, who dis?' Zoe Kravitz debuts brand new pixie cut on Instagram after chopping off all her hair She's a knockout! Brooke Burke shows off svelte abs as she squares up to a punch bag Sail away with me! Billie Lourd and Taylor Lautner soak up some more sun in St Barts as they PDA-filled vacation continues From the spa to the slopes? Lena Dunham emerges from a holistic health session in a ski-themed sweater Making the beach her runway! Cindy Crawford wows in white and mint bikini while frolicking in St. Barts 'Just plug your thing and get out!' Jimmy Barnes has a HILARIOUS Today Show interview as his son and host David Campbell asks him to LEAVE Muscleman! Tyson Beckford shows off sculpted abs as he goes shirtless to begin residency with The Chippendales in Las Vegas Cindy Crawford's model daughter Kaia Gerber sports lilac bikini as she enjoys a dip in St Barts Carrie Fisher's brother confirms Princess Leia WILL appear in Star Wars Episode IX... which will be released three years after her death That's how she does it! Kelly Bensimon shows how she gets her ageless bikini bod as she packs a punch  'It brought her to tears': 'Emotional Cheryl touched' after Ashley Cole wished her and Liam Payne 'only happiness' following the birth of their first child All glammed up! Kate Ritchie turns heads in an elegant black lace dress and gold leaf tiara at the Championships race day Bear on tour! Stephen enjoys a night out in Sydney with a bevvy of mystery females... but moans that girlfriend Charlotte Crosby isn't there as she stays in New Zealand SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Do ya think I'm needy? Penny Lancaster reassures Rod Stewart he's still got it at 72 with a public show of affection Birds of a feather! Gabrielle Union dons vibrant canary yellow parachute pants and avian-inspired embroidered coat for night out with husband Dwyane Wade 'It just flew by': Rachael Finch reveals she danced for TWO HOURS in workout clip just weeks after giving birth to son Dominic Hot couple alert! Jai Courtney and girlfriend Mecki Dent show off their flawless good looks and impeccable style at Championships race day Guardian of the gal-waxy! Zoe Saldana unveils her waxwork at Madame Tussauds in Hollywood 'Be authentic and quite personal' Social media influencer Cartia Mallan reveals the one thing she wouldn't do on Instagram 'I've been pregnant forever': Lauren Brant reveals 'daily naps and baths' keep her from turning into the Grinch as she eagerly awaits birth of first child with partner Barry Hall Crowning glory! Model Amy Pejkovic wows in revealing white lace ensemble as she attends Championships race day at Royal Randwick Red hot! Anna Heinrich flaunts cleavage in figure-hugging frock as she makes a bold arrival at Championships race day 'This is not the parent I want to be': Natalie Bassingthwaighte reveals the 'difficult' impact I'm A Celeb had on her family What jacket? No white in sight for Amber Sherlock as she leads the fashion pack at The Championships race day My Kitchen Rules' Betty Banks flaunts trim figure in tight long-sleeve beige dress... after being caught taking a selfie while driving Soldiering on! Jesinta Campbell battles fatigue with eye masks in makeup free video before sharing glamorous selfie 'I respect the way she's dealt with everything': Simon Cowell reveals Mel B is 'under pressure but in a good place'... in light of nasty split from ex Stephen Belafonte Making a splash! Courteney Cox, 52, looks sensational in black bikini as she hits the waves in the Bahamas Nothing to hide Popping out! Kim Kardashian embraces her dark side as she flashes side boob in busty black bodysuit and sweat pants teamed with snake skin boots Love's young dream: Carrie Fisher's daughter Billie Lourd and Taylor Lautner enjoy kisses in the sea on romantic getaway to St Barts  Romantic getaway Pippa Middleton steps out in a jumper and skinny jeans just a day after Kate opted for a near identical outfit as the countdown begins to her wedding day A shoe-in for best dressed? Footwear designer Terry Biviano STUNS in a see-through Zimmerman gown as she plants a kiss on Anthony Minichiello at Championships Race Day The A-Z of Pippa's big day: Carole's the party planner. Naughty Uncle Gary IS invited, but Harry's Meghan WON'T be there. And don't mention the best man's six-in-a-bed orgies! It's murder on the racecourse! Sophie Ellis-Bextor wows in thigh-skimming romper as she puts on an energetic performance at Aintree Ladies Day Still smiling! Olly Murs attends German award show just days after revealing he is heartbroken after split with ex Francesca Thomas She rocks! Megan Fox dons ripped jeans and large crystal for shopping jaunt in Malibu Howe about that! Playboy Bunny Carla displays her eye-popping cleavage as she goes braless in flimsy white top Little to imagination 'We've promised that none of our kids will date!' Gordon Ramsay reflects on close friendship with David Beckham and insists their children will never be romantically involved Ravishing in red! Presenter Teigan Nash opts for a bold ensemble as she arrives at Championships race day A whole new you! Renee Zellweger is almost  unrecognizable as she ditches the blonde for brunette in Same Kind Of Different As Me teaser 'Happy Friday!' Geri Horner, 44, shows off her trim tummy just TWO MONTHS after giving birth to baby Monty as she kicks off her weekend with video 'She's is pretty cut up about it and hoped they would last the distance': Stephanie Waring and Michael Greco 'split over his party boy lifestyle' after six months 'Well damn... I'm a dad!' The X Factor star Kieran Alleyne, 21, announces he is a father after ex-girlfriend Sophie Johnson gives birth to a baby boy PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Pregnant Binky Felstead bares her bump in a bikini as she and beau JP go for romantic boat ride during sun-kissed Mauritius babymoon The party continues! 'Peru Two' drugs mule Michaella McCollum soaks up the sun in Ibiza as she celebrates the first anniversary of her prison release In his element! X-Factor winner Isaiah Firebrace wows the audience with his vocal prowess at Sydney's ICC ahead of Eurovision contest Mel B sports seasonal floral print midi-dress as she step out in Hollywood... after 'court order' barring estranged Stephen Belafonte from releasing sex tapes It's about to get a whole lot dirtier! Mel B claims her husband made her join in threesomes and got the nanny pregnant... but now he's set to hit back  'They mutually agreed to call it quits': Love Island's Cara De La Hoyde and Nathan Massey 'SPLIT after rows over silly things'... weeks after lashing out at break-up claims Olivia Munn and Aaron Rodgers 'SPLIT after three years'... amid claims actress was at the centre of sportsman's family feud  Hot to trot! Blonde Bombshell Mecki Dent turns heads in a strapless black gown at Championships Race Day  Soapwatch: Jaci Stephen's ultimate insight into this week's soaps   There is always something sad about soapland deaths 'Mom and dad coparenting': Kourtney Kardashian insists she's NOT back with Scott Disick after Hawaii trip as she gets lunch with Kim and Khloe Bondage on the beach! Charlotte Dawson oozes sex appeal in short clingy dress and saucy thigh-high buckle boots for night out Titillating display Cheat day! Khloe Kardashian flashes her bra in sheer top as she digs into 200 calorie frozen yogurt cone after dieting down to 128lbs Cutting the fat 'She's the other half of my soul': Adam Rickitt reveals he knew his wife Katy was 'the one' after their first meeting... as he discusses battle with chronic spine condition 'Have I made mistakes? Certainly': Caitlyn Jenner admits regrets in new Diane Sawyer interview... after admitting the Kardashians have frozen her out Bella Thorne flaunts her bikini body on Instagram for World Health Day... after claiming she was depressed Hides her face 'Morning Angel!' Phoebe Burgess shows off adorable wide-eyed shot of daughter Poppy, as the tiny tot appears shocked by her weekend wake-up Alesha Dixon 'set to receive seven-figure windfall after Mis-Teeq royalties were not paid for over ten years'... after she hints girlband could reunite 'I react VERY differently now': Julie Snook reveals 'jacketgate' saga with Amber Sherlock would have taken a turn for the worse Pining for Summer? I'm A Celebrity's Tegan Martin flaunts her ample assets and slender pins in a series of raunchy outfits Travel buddies! Katherine Heigl shares sweet snap of her smiling baby boy while waiting to board flight to LA Five-hour delay  SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Is shutting down her lifestyle blog a sign Meghan Markle is preparing for a wedding?  'It's a huge worry for her': Chanelle Hayes left 'concerned' after doctors say diabetes risk could lead to complications during her pregnancy Kicking up a stink! Chloe Sims' trip to the farm during TOWIE filming ends in disaster as she accidentally falls in SHEEP POO Baa-d experience Fit for office! Meet the hunky personal trainer who is pushing Theresa May to the limit in the gym (but are YOU tough enough to try out the PM's workout?) The apple of their eye! Claire Danes and husband Hugh Dancy hold hands with son Cyrus during nature hike The family were spotted enjoying the weather New Game Of Thrones costumes for highly anticipated seventh season revealed HBO promo debuts the cast's outfits for upcoming series Mama June reveals daughter Honey Boo Boo, 11, has dropped 7lbs as family join in reality star's weight loss effort Family effort Comfort first! Rihanna makes fashion faux pas wearing SOCKS and sandals at LAX after Japan trip Unusual combo George Shelley is dropped from Capital FM's Breakfast Show... after quitting Union J to focus on his broadcasting and acting career Glow on the go! Kate Bosworth looks radiant complexion as she touches down after cross country flight Fresh faced Sexy Cindy! Crawford, 51, poses TOPLESS on the beach while modeling 'mom jeans' after flaunting her bikini body in St Barts Siren by the sea 'B**** don't kill my vibe!' TOWIE's Yazmin Oukhellou appears to take a swipe at Danielle Armstrong following shock brawl over James Lock 'Time to say goodbye': Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle announces she is shutting down her lifestyle blog, as her romance blossoms Patsy Kensit is 'in talks with bosses about joining Celebs Go Dating'... after 'turning to Tinder to find love' Hunt for her dream man Indecent exposure! Bella Hadid flashes naked hips as she pulls down sweatpants to reveal SHEER bodysuit in move that leaves fans gawking Nautical and nice! Age-defying Elizabeth Hurley, 51, sizzles as she flaunts her busty assets and enviably toned midriff in TINY string bikini Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful in leopard-print dress as she joins Jasmine Tookes and Olivia Palermo at fragrance luncheon 'It's ANOTHER messy boy!': Pregnant Danielle Lloyd discovers the sex of her fourth baby live on TV... as she vows to keep trying until she has a girl In the Wright lane! Jessica catches the eye in thigh-skimming ruffled minidress as she joins forces with bus company to launch fashion campaign Gerard Butler sports unkempt beard and cable knit jumper as he continues shooting new film Keeper in Scotland Far from Hollywood  Mother's little helper! Jodi Gordon shares sweet moment where three-year-old daughter Aleeia helps zip up her lacy frock Frill-ing! Nadia Fairfax cuts a quirky figure in ruffled black-and-white ensemble at Championships race day... complete with pirate hat This is 33! Mandy Moore celebrates her birthday early with boyfriend Taylor Goldsmith and pals at Disneyland Happiest Place On Earth Beach bum! Jacqui Ritchie gives a cheeky flash of her derriere in VERY skimpy swimsuit as she documents her idyllic family holiday on Instagram  Bad hair day! Ashlee Simpson is nearly unrecognizable with wild blonde locks after a workout in LA Frizz-tastic Make-up free Cat Deeley shows off her natural beauty as she departs from LAX airport in denim ensemble... following 'bitter dispute with waiter' No wonder A-Rod loves her! Jennifer Lopez, 47, wows as she flashes ample cleavage in plunging semi-sheer gown for glam shoot Silver and sequins Bling it on! Kanye West is launching a jewellery line... and his wife Kim Kardashian has been modelling the chunky gold pieces for months Husband of many talents Lily James and Matt Smith put on stylish display as they enjoy a drink in the sun during day out in London Their romance appears to be as strong as ever The incredible shrinking man! Jonah Hill shows off major weight loss as he grabs lunch in LA with gal pal  Slim and trim as he ventured out for a bite Big Little Frappe! Reese Witherspoon grabs iced coffee after sweating it out at yoga The 41-year-old filled up with a big cream topped beverage Fun in the sun! Kevin Hart treats wife and two kids to island vacation after wrapping film, The Untouchables Muscular abs on display  Hotting up! Sofia Vergara covers up in just a bedsheet as she films racy scene with co-star Karl Urban for new movie Bent in Italy Showing her soft side Going on a beer run! Makeup-free Anne Hathaway joins husband Adam Shulman as they pick up a pack of craft brew from LA grocery store BEL MOONEY: Even after her affairs, I can't bear to lose my glum wife   This week, advice for a man who says his wife does not love him Mel B 'has changed divorce petition to request permanent sole custody of daughter Madison' as feud with estranged husband rumbles on Orange Is The New Black's Diane Guerrero flaunts her fabulous physique in tropical swimsuit while puckering up to mystery man in Miami 'That image was taken to represent some kind of sexual misconduct': Cuba Gooding explains how playful moment with Sarah Paulson was twisted Spring break: Pink keeps her post-baby body under wraps while in Mexico as she shares a snap of four-month old Jameson Covered up 'Whoa u shady!': Chrissy Teigen responds in awe after children's character Arthur ribs 'look-alike' John Legend over his yellow top on Twitter Singer Ricky Martin has been cast as Gianni Versace's lover Antonio D'Amico in Ryan Murphy's Versace: American Crime Story Beret quirky! Rita Ora rocks mismatched striped shirt and joggers emsemble as she heads to the studio to record new music Looking focussed Pretty in pink! Jessie Habermann shows off her gorgeous gold locks as she dons an off-the-shoulder pastel number for Championships race day 'I can't wait to see him as James Bond': Oscar winning writer John Ridley lets slip Idris Elba is set for iconic 007 role Couldn't help but gush about the star's talent Trinny Woodall shows off her quirky style as she layers a white jumpsuit with a kimono and trench for night out Unique style On his best behaviour? Pop singer Boy George praised for being 'easy to work with' on The Voice Australia despite controversial past  'They ARE supportive!': Jordan Rodgers' fiancée JoJo Fletcher gushed about his family hours before outcast Aaron split from Olivia Munn Interesting timing 'A 100% successful transplant': Danny Masterson shares photo of wife Bijou Phillips with her kidney donor after life-saving surgery 'You should get her number, Mel': Former BINTM star Holly Carpenter reveals star's 'creepy' husband invited her to one of their private parties Mum's the word! Rebekah Vardy proudly displays her post-pregnancy figure as she attends charity event with baby son Finley Jaiden 'You only live once!' Stacey Solomon goes 'a little crazy' as she trades in her blonde locks for striking pastel pink mane while emerging in London Braless Claire Richards looks super svelte in extreme plunging red top as Steps release new video for comeback single Scared Of The Dark 'She's the perfect girl for me, I love her': Scotty T reveals he has ditched nights out for new girlfriend... as he SLAMS his 'rowdy' ex Francesca Toole 'She doesn't want to be outshone': Pippa 'BANS model Vogue Williams from her wedding' - even though she is dating groom James Matthews' brother Spencer Bikini-clad Joan Smalls cups her assets as she shows off her sensational figure while bathing in a Jamaican pool for swimwear campaign Hair raising! Sarah Michelle Gellar, 39, styles her tresses in eye-catching updo as she promotes new cookbook She's a new Girl! Lena Dunham twirls in vintage designer dress just like Naomi Campbell... before donning her jeans for an outing Adele's 2011 hit album 21 makes history as longest-charting album by a woman on Billboard 200... taking over Carole King's record Caroline Flack shows off her toned figure in thigh-skimming frilly skirt and plunging top as she displays her killer dance moves in stunning new shoot Pregnant Danielle Bux cradles her growing baby bump upon her return to LA... after moving back in with ex-husband Gary Lineker during visit to the UK Exes Iggy Azalea and Nick Young list Tarzana mansion for $3.6M... after rapper reveals she now lives in a 'regular' house Short-lived engagement  'Is he actually tipsy?' This Morning viewers tease Eamonn Holmes as he mistakes Adam Rickitt for Joe Swash... after sipping gin and tonic live on air 'He stuck with me!' Meghan Trainor reveals she couldn't talk for three months after vocal surgery... so her boyfriend Daryl Sabara learnt sign language Khan't do any wrong! Chloe showcases her ample assets in sizzling bronzed bikini as she enjoys relaxing Maldives break Just Khan't get enough 'If she's not going to listen to me, then she's not going to listen to anyone': Sophie Kasaei vents over cousin Marnie holidaying with love rat ex Lewis Bloor Crop of the morning! Scout Willis shows off her taut waist in sports bra and shorts after hitting the gym Left it all on show after her workout Melania Trump and Peng Liyuan are interviewed by student journalists and pupils sing about empowering women as they bond during visit to school  'I'm a happily married man!': Alec Baldwin clarifies when she said he fell in love with Tina Fey he meant he fell in love with her 'talent' Riding on! Alec Baldwin's son Rafael is in the driving seat as the two head out for coffee with mom Hilaria... after the actor's epic row with over sex scene 'Thanks for greatest proposal ever!': Emma Stone responds to teen's La La Land inspired prom request, adding he resembles her co-star Ryan Gosling Rosie And Her Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat: Pregnant Huntington-Whiteley covers growing bump with statement jacket as she heads to a meeting Kylie Jenner slashes price of luxury 'starter home' by ANOTHER $300k to $3.3m The reality star can't shift her five bedroom property Newly-single Kylie Jenner 'in the midst of a love triangle as two rappers vie for her attention'... following split from long-term beau Tyga Family tradition! Jessa, Jill and Jinger Duggar reveal the nostalgic thing they did to their wedding dresses to remind them of their mother Stephen Bear LICKS Charlotte Crosby while frolicking in the pool as the duo pack on the PDA during romantic trip to the Dominican Republic Not exactly shy Is a healthy MIND the key to a toned body? Khloe Kardashian's Revenge Body trainer reveals her tips to get in shape (and it's all down to mental wellbeing!) TOWIE's Yazmin Oukhellou defiantly steps out with boyfriend James Lock... following her 'explosive row with his ex Danielle Armstrong in a club' EXCLUSIVE 'I feel like I already have a child': Steph Pratt on why she won't be following her pregnant MIC co-star Binky into motherhood anytime soon Little Minx! Jade Thirlwall 'forgets to wear a bra' as she jokingly draws attention to her assets while sporting a cheekily designed t-shirt Abreast of the joke BREAKING NEWS: Bafta-winning actor Tim Pigott-Smith, star of stage and screen for 45 years, dies aged 70  Starred in 1984's The Jewel in the Crown 'Can we watch something else?': Adam Sandler, 50, admits daughters don't like his movies Sadie and Sunny 'tune out' watching his films Paquin a punch: True Blood's Anna goes completely naked to romp with Downton star Allen Leech in Canadian drama Bellevue Major change of role Jenna Jameson shares first picture of newborn baby girl after welcoming third child at 42... and reveals her VERY unusual name WATCH: Amanda Holden and Simon Cowell put their balancing skills to the test in hilarious Dog Yoga act on upcoming series of BGT Painting the town red! Freida Pinto dazzles in scarlet trouser suit and sexy lace cami as she promotes new TV series Guerrilla in London Brooklyn Beckham debuts new moustache as he heads to dinner in mismatched shoes... amid backlash over 'meaningless' Native American tattoo Auditioning for Baywatch? Heidi Klum models very sexy red bikini as she races through the ocean with her daughter Lou in Turks And Caicos SPOILER ALERT: Coronation Street takes a dramatic turn as Nick Tilsley gets stuck in QUICK SAND during trip to the beach Troubled waters That's what makes her Happy: Fearne Cotton is a delight in ditzy floral denim dungarees... after praising husband Jesse for his support during dark times 'You have completed us, baby girl': Rochelle Humes shares sweet collage celebrating daughter Valentina being one month old Lastest addition 'I hated THAT diet, it was torture': Action star Jai Courtney reveals how he stays buff in Hollywood including his strict diet for Terminator Genisys Mystery solved? Megan McKenna's former beau Harry Eden 'unveiled as the ex she cheated on Pete Wicks with'... as she claims she was 'faithful' Fascinating archive of photos reveals a who's who of UK entertainers in the 70s - including Kenny Everett, Marc Bolan and a young David Attenborough  Barbara Windsor, 79, cuts an incredibly youthful figure as she enjoys a beach day in Barbados with her husband Scott Mitchell, 53 Gigi Hadid makes low-key appearance in Paris as she ditches her usual catwalk glam for a casual pair of mom jeans and biker boots Keeping it casual EXCLUSIVE: Housewives Sheree Whitfield, Jill Zarin and Joanna Krupa to star in new SITCOM portraying washed up reality TV stars Kim Kardashian's famous sex tape with Ray J has netted '$100million since its release TEN years ago' Homemade tape made her a star Willing and Abel? Leggy Selena Gomez attempts to keep a  low profile as she and The Weeknd slip out of Hollywood hotspot on romantic date night  PICTURED: German nanny Lorraine Gilles emerges following Mel B's explosive claim that she fell pregnant during affair with estranged Stephen Belafonte EXCLUSIVE 'I didn't set foot in a gym until I was 38': Melanie Sykes on her fitness transformation and why she'll NEVER give up bacon and biscuits What's going on here? Bella Hadid spotted exiting a car with Australian model Jordan Barrett... after unfollowing ex The Weeknd on Instagram 'It would be disastrous not to do anything!' Alesha Dixon insists there WILL be a Mis-Teeq reunion when the time is right So-so-so Scandalous 'You could have heard a pin drop': Emmerdale's John Middleton and Charlotte Bellamy discuss heartbreaking Ashley Thomas death scene Here comes the hotstepper: Kate Upton shows off a series of bizarre moves as she competes against Jimmy Fallon in hilarious dance-off 'Why do they call you My Cocaine?' Michael Caine reveals he was once thought to be a drug dealer thanks to Cockney pronunciation of his own name Crete expectations: TOWIE's Frankie Essex continues to flaunt her incredible two stone weight loss in plunging yellow and pink swimsuit  'You big bald baby!': Mel B rows with Stephen Belafonte and breaks down in counselling as clips from their reality show resurface amid abuse allegations Mel B dresses to impress as she makes her second  appearance since winning a restraining order against estranged Stephen Belafonte Don't start believin! Steve Perry will NOT perform with former band Journey at Rock And Roll Hall Of Fame induction 'There is nothing more fun than playing ridiculous comedic villains': Smurfs actor Rainn Wilson reveals what it's like to be the bad guy  Game Of Thrones' Nathalie Emmanuel teams animal print top with asymmetric mini skirt as she heads to Jimmy Kimmel show  Long way from Hollyoaks 'No wonder she was on cocaine!': Paul O'Grady quips good friend Cilla Black must have taken drugs to host Blind Date... as he blunders on show reboot A vision in white! Sam Faiers flaunts her ample assets in perilously plunging figure-hugging dress for her fashion launch Yummy mummy Victoria Beckham reveals how much she relies on husband David when she's working... as she credits 'insecure' Spice Girl days for her fashion empire 'Boys' night out': David Beckham enjoys dinner date with sons Romeo and Cruz as they dine out in style in LA Focusing on family since email furore TOWIE's Chloe Lewis wears gingham trousers to attend fashion pool party... after confessing to steamy smooch with Kate Wright's ex Dan Edgar Holland Taylor, 74, looks youthful in sporty gear as she legs it around town without partner Sarah Paulson  She's celebrating 50 years in showbiz  Harry Styles reveals he would be 'honoured' to be godfather to Liam Payne and Cheryl's newborn son... but admits he has 'a lot of competition' Jersey Shore star Mike 'The Situation' Sorrentino hit with tax evasion charge that could send him to prison while awaiting trial for not reporting $8.9m in earnings Iskra Lawrence flaunts her enviable curves in a demure floral jumpsuit for the DVF Awards in New York Usually seen in scantily-clad Instagrams Lara Bingle flashes her cleavage and svelte post-pregnancy figure in sultry photo shoot for Harper's Bazaar as she reveals her second son is called Racer Poppy Delevingne offers a glimpse of cleavage as she goes braless in a plunging cream jacket at star-studded Chanel dinner in LA  'Not long till I get to dance like I'm at a school disco with this one': Little Mix star Jesy Nelson posts video of her and new beau Chris Clark swaying to Drake Purple reign! Beaming Princess Beatrice wears a bold mini dress to take to the stage in New York  Owned the stage like a true royal Charlotte McKinney shows off her ample cleavage in a low-cut top and high-rise jeans as she stops off at a petrol station She's a real gas I'll be there for you! Courteney Cox hugs her daughter Coco as they return to LA from Florida break... following the youngster's music video debut 'I'd prefer to have sex than die': Ed Sheeran confirms he is not killed off during 'five minute' role on GOT... after filming surprise cameo for fan Maisie Williams Flirty Sofia Vergara indulges in some very sexy dance moves with handsome producer Andrea Iervolino as she displays her curves in a very busty lace dress Geordie Shore's Kyle Christie splurges £9,000 on a BEARD transplant which took 12 hours to complete... as he continues to combat 'insecurity' issues Splish splash! Cindy Crawford's daughter Kaia Gerber and her father Rande swim in the surf during family vacation to St Barts Non-stop fun in the sun She's got great jeans! Khloe Kardashian parades bodacious behind in black tracksuit on way to her Good American denim warehouse Leg-endary! Kim Kardashian praises fan who got her and husband Kanye West's names tattooed on each thigh Tatts-too much! MC Harvey's girlfriend Montana Manning flaunts her sensational figure in a skimpy blue bikini as they enjoy a romantic beach break Checkered history Mum knows best! Heartbroken Megan McKenna is comforted by mother Tanya as they head for dinner in Essex Newly single  The colour purple! Jennifer Hudson draws stares as she flaunts wares in tight dress at Sandy Wexler premiere Looked sensational in the eye-catching frock David Beckham adds to his huge tattoo collection as he shares photo of his new shin inking... a week after watching son Brooklyn, 18, get his first design Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: AeroMexico April 07, 2017 14:51 ET Aeromexico Celebrates Ten Years Flying to Argentina Aeromexico is the only airline serving the Mexico City-Buenos Aires route with nonstop daily flights MEXICO CITY, MEXICO--(Marketwired - April 07, 2017) - Aeromexico, Mexico's global airline, celebrates ten years serving the Argentinian market as the only carrier offering direct daily flights between the two capital cities. In 2016, Mexico ranked Argentina as its fifth largest market in terms of passenger arrivals, representing the second largest market in Latin America. To meet market demand and growth, Aeromexico currently offers seven nonstop flights per week to Argentina during the regular season, with 12 flights per week on high season. The carrier operates the route with two of its Boeing models, the B777 with 277 seats -- 49 in Clase Premier, Aeromexico's Business Class Cabin -- and the B787-8 Dreamliner, considered one of the most modern aircraft in the sky, with 243 seats, including 32 in Clase Premier. Aeromexico offers customers the following flight schedules between Mexico City and Buenos Aires: Mexico City - Buenos Aires* AM 30 09:30 a.m. 09:25 p.m. Daily Buenos Aires - Mexico City* AM 29 00:50 a.m. 07:40 a.m. Daily *Times published are local to each country and are subject to changes without notice. In this regard, Aeromexico's Global Sales Senior Vice President Jorge Goytortua said, "Argentina is one of our leading destinations in South America. In 2016 alone, we carried more than 189,000 customers between these two markets by offering more than 3,800 seats per week. That is why celebrating our first decade serving this market that draws both countries closer fills us with a great sense of pride and satisfaction." Mexican Secretary of Tourism Enrique de la Madrid said, "We are very pleased to be in Argentina ten years after Aeromexico started to serve the route with its outstanding service, and work together to promote it enjoying one of the best moments in the tourist industry. We firmly believe that working together and connecting people, helps improve their lives, so we are very grateful to Aeromexico for continuing to strengthen the relationship between Mexico and Argentina. Many good things will come as we continue charting this course. Congratulations, Aeromexico!" he added. Aeromexico's extensive network connects customers traveling on this route to major destinations in Mexico such as Bajio-Leon, Cancun, Guadalajara, Monterrey, Puerto Vallarta, Tijuana, Veracruz, and Villahermosa, among others. Other flight connection options also include international destinations like Havana, Houston, Las Vegas, Los Angeles, Miami, Madrid, New York, Orlando, Paris, and San Francisco. Thanks to the Aeromexico and Aerolineas Argentinas codeshare agreement signed by these two SkyTeam members, customers are able to travel between Buenos Aires, Mexico City, and Cancun on flights that are jointly sold and operated by both carriers. With 20 years and 15 destinations in South America, Aeromexico consolidates its leadership position in Argentina by offering connectivity to 44 destinations in Mexico, 19 in the United States, four in Europe, four in Canada, and three in Asia, strengthening its ties through air connectivity and promoting tourism in both nations. About Grupo Aeromexico Grupo Aeromexico, S.A.B. de C.V. is a holding company whose subsidiaries provide commercial aviation services and promote passenger loyalty programs in Mexico. Aeromexico, Mexico's global airline, offers more than 600 daily flights and operates its main hub out of Terminal 2 at the Mexico City International Airport. Its route network spans more than 80 cities on three continents including 44 in Mexico, 19 in the United States, 15 in Latin America, four in Canada, four in Europe, and three in Asia. The Group's fleet of more than 130 aircraft is comprised of Boeing 787, 777, and 737 jet airliners and next generation Embraer 190, 170, and 145 models. In 2012, the airline announced the most significant investment strategy in aviation history in Mexico, to purchase 100 Boeing aircraft including 90 MAX 737 airliners and ten B787-9 Dreamliners. As a founding member of the SkyTeam global alliance, Aeromexico offers customers more than 1,000 destinations in 177 countries served by its top 20 airline partners rewarding passengers with benefits including access to 672 premium airport lounges around the world. Aeromexico also offers travel options with its code share partners Delta Air Lines, Alaska Airlines, Avianca, Copa Airlines, and WestJet with extensive connectivity in countries like the United States, Brazil, Canada, Chile, Colombia, and Peru. www.aeromexico.com and www.skyteam.com Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/7/11G135397/Images/unnamed_(1)-95761e547f26a729942a9cb9c4d8129a.jpg Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/7/11G135397/Images/unnamed-ee71def0a46492cebcb3de739ec1bce8.jpg Contact Information Alejandro Bosquez abosquez@aeromexico.com Mex telephone: +011 52 9132 4604 Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company AeroMexico From this industry Lifestyle and Leisure Travel and Hospitality From this sub-industry Recreation Airlines Tourism See all RSS Newsfeeds   Multimedia Aeromexico team in Argentina View Image Enrique de La Madrid in the anniversary event View Image   About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Latest News Dow 20,656 -6.85 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,878 -1.14 -0.02% S&P 500 2,356 -1.95 -0.08% 4/07 Updated Millions of Americans are desperate to trade part-time work for full-time 4/07 Updated This is why Dutch kids are much happier than American children 4/07 Updated A pro baseball stadium in Seattle just put toasted grasshoppers on the menu 4/07 Syria Strikes: Does Trump Need Approval from Congress? 4/07 Stockholm Truck Attack Leaves Several Dead 4/07 Trump names Kevin Hassett as White House’s chief economist 4/07 Neurological drug developer Biohaven files for initial public offering 4/07 Action plan drawn up on U.S.-China trade, Commerce’s Ross says 4/07 Updated U.S. households will soon have as much debt as they had in 2008 4/07 Updated The Moneyologist: I signed away my $500,000 inheritance when I was a child — what can I do? 4/07 Updated The Moneyologist: My brothers owe our late mother’s estate $30,000 — how should they repay it? 4/07 Updated World Health Day: Happy workers are 10% more productive at work 4/07 Updated You can buy a copy of the Sex Pistols’ ‘God Save the Queen’ for $10,000 4/07 Updated World Health Day: Americans rekindle their deadly love affair with salt 4/07 Updated World Health Day: This is how much depression costs U.S. companies 4/07 Updated World Health Day: Millennial women face new mental health struggles in the workplace 4/07 Updated World Health Day: Fatal drug overdoses soar among white, middle-aged American men 4/07 Updated World Health Day: Lonely people are more likely to over-share on Facebook 4/07 Updated Fox threatens to pull cable channels from Charter amid carriage fee dispute 4/07 Want to see how America is changing? Property taxes hold the answer Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Aeromexico Celebrates Ten Years Flying to Argentina By Published: Apr 7, 2017 2:52 p.m. ET Share Apr 07, 2017 (Marketwired via COMTEX) -- Aeromexico is the only airline serving the Mexico City-Buenos Aires route with nonstop daily flights MEXICO CITY, MEXICO--(Marketwired - April 07, 2017) - Aeromexico, Mexico's global airline, celebrates ten years serving the Argentinian market as the only carrier offering direct daily flights between the two capital cities. In 2016, Mexico ranked Argentina as its fifth largest market in terms of passenger arrivals, representing the second largest market in Latin America. To meet market demand and growth, Aeromexico currently offers seven nonstop flights per week to Argentina during the regular season, with 12 flights per week on high season. The carrier operates the route with two of its Boeing models, the B777 with 277 seats -- 49 in Clase Premier, Aeromexico's Business Class Cabin -- and the B787-8 Dreamliner, considered one of the most modern aircraft in the sky, with 243 seats, including 32 in Clase Premier. Aeromexico offers customers the following flight schedules between Mexico City and Buenos Aires: Mexico City - Buenos Aires* AM 30 09:30 a.m. 09:25 p.m. Daily

 Buenos Aires - Mexico City* AM 29 00:50 a.m. 07:40 a.m. Daily

 *Times published are local to each country and are subject to changes without notice. In this regard, Aeromexico's Global Sales Senior Vice President Jorge Goytortua said, "Argentina is one of our leading destinations in South America. In 2016 alone, we carried more than 189,000 customers between these two markets by offering more than 3,800 seats per week. That is why celebrating our first decade serving this market that draws both countries closer fills us with a great sense of pride and satisfaction." Mexican Secretary of Tourism Enrique de la Madrid said, "We are very pleased to be in Argentina ten years after Aeromexico started to serve the route with its outstanding service, and work together to promote it enjoying one of the best moments in the tourist industry. We firmly believe that working together and connecting people, helps improve their lives, so we are very grateful to Aeromexico for continuing to strengthen the relationship between Mexico and Argentina. Many good things will come as we continue charting this course. Congratulations, Aeromexico!" he added. Aeromexico's extensive network connects customers traveling on this route to major destinations in Mexico such as Bajio-Leon, Cancun, Guadalajara, Monterrey, Puerto Vallarta, Tijuana, Veracruz, and Villahermosa, among others. Other flight connection options also include international destinations like Havana, Houston, Las Vegas, Los Angeles, Miami, Madrid, New York, Orlando, Paris, and San Francisco. Thanks to the Aeromexico and Aerolineas Argentinas codeshare agreement signed by these two SkyTeam members, customers are able to travel between Buenos Aires, Mexico City, and Cancun on flights that are jointly sold and operated by both carriers. With 20 years and 15 destinations in South America, Aeromexico consolidates its leadership position in Argentina by offering connectivity to 44 destinations in Mexico, 19 in the United States, four in Europe, four in Canada, and three in Asia, strengthening its ties through air connectivity and promoting tourism in both nations. About Grupo Aeromexico Grupo Aeromexico, S.A.B. de C.V. is a holding company whose subsidiaries provide commercial aviation services and promote passenger loyalty programs in Mexico. Aeromexico, Mexico's global airline, offers more than 600 daily flights and operates its main hub out of Terminal 2 at the Mexico City International Airport. Its route network spans more than 80 cities on three continents including 44 in Mexico, 19 in the United States, 15 in Latin America, four in Canada, four in Europe, and three in Asia. The Group's fleet of more than 130 aircraft is comprised of Boeing 787, 777, and 737 jet airliners and next generation Embraer 190, 170, and 145 models. In 2012, the airline announced the most significant investment strategy in aviation history in Mexico, to purchase 100 Boeing aircraft including 90 MAX 737 airliners and ten B787-9 Dreamliners. As a founding member of the SkyTeam global alliance, Aeromexico offers customers more than 1,000 destinations in 177 countries served by its top 20 airline partners rewarding passengers with benefits including access to 672 premium airport lounges around the world. Aeromexico also offers travel options with its code share partners Delta Air Lines, Alaska Airlines, Avianca, Copa Airlines, and WestJet with extensive connectivity in countries like the United States, Brazil, Canada, Chile, Colombia, and Peru. www.aeromexico.com and www.skyteam.com Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/7/11G135397/Images/unnamed_(1)-95761e547f26a729942a9cb9c4d8129a.jpg Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/7/11G135397/Images/unnamed-ee71def0a46492cebcb3de739ec1bce8.jpg Alejandro Bosquez abosquez@aeromexico.com Mex telephone: +011 52 9132 4604 © 2017 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Most Popular Here’s how much it costs to replace the 59 Tomahawk missiles Trump fired on Syria This is why Dutch kids are much happier than American children Want to see how America is changing? Property taxes hold the answer This image of Jared Kushner is blowing up the internet How wearable technology can transform health care MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     Global UAV Payload and Subsystems Market is Estimated to Grow at a CAGR over 9% by 2021   View as PDF  Print View    Global UAV Payload and Subsystems Market by payload (C4I, Radar, Electronic Warfare (EW), Electro-optic and Infrared Sensor (EO/IS), and Sonar), and by Geography- Forecast to 2021 Pune, India - April 7, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ -- Market Overview: UAV Payload and Subsystems are mainly used in Aerospace (aviation and space flight).UAVs are controlled remotely either by a pilot at a ground station or by onboard computers. Payloads are one of the major components in UAVs. These payloads consist of various equipment and systems depending on their specific mission requirement. Many different types of UAVs have been developed and inducted into military operations with the technology has advanced in the last one decade, Global UAV Payload and Subsystems Market are driven by the increasing demand for lightweight UAV payload. The carbon composite materials are widely used in manufacturing UAV airframes. These materials ensure reduced weight and enhanced service life which also reduces the overall maintenance cost per flight (landing). Companies have vastly adopted the trend of using these composite manufacturing technologies for UAVs. Access Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/uav-payload-subsystems-market Competitive Analysis- Major Key Players in UAV Payload and Subsystems Market are The leading market players in the global UAV Payload and Subsystems market primarily include AeroVironment, Boeing, Elbit Systems, Lockheed Martin, and Northrop Grumman. The other prominent vendor includes Controp Precision Technologies Ltd, Alpha Unmanned Systems, BAE Systems, and Israel Aerospace Industries Ltd. Market Segments Global UAV Payload and Subsystems Market is segmented in to two key dynamics for better understanding of the market - Segmentation by the payload & by the region. o Segmentation by Payload: Comprises of C41, Radar, Electronic Warfare, Electro-optc/infrared Sensors, Communication and Signal Intelligence and INS. o Segmentation By Region: Comprises of Geographical Regions. Request a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1237 Study Objectives of UAV Payload and Subsystems Market o The report provides detailed analysis of the market structure along with forecast for the next 5 years of the various segments and sub-segments of the Global UAV Payload and Subsystems Market o Offers insights about factors affecting the market growth o Enables to analyze the Global UAV Payload and Subsystems Market based on various factors - price analysis, supply chain analysis, porter's five force analysis etc. o Provides historical and forecast revenue of the market segments and sub-segments with respect to four main geographies and their countries- North America, Europe, Asia, and Rest of the World (ROW) o Offers country-level analysis of the market with respect to the current market size and future prospective o Provides country-level analysis of the market for segment by payload and regions o Offers strategic profiling of key players in the market, comprehensively analyzing their core competencies, and drawing a competitive landscape for the market o Enables to track and analyze competitive developments such as joint ventures, strategic alliances, mergers and acquisitions, new product developments, and research and developments in the Global UAV Payload and Subsystems Market. Access the market data and market information presented through more than 40 market data tables and 25 figures spread over 103 numbers of pages of the project report "UAV Payload and Subsystems Market - Forecast to 2021" Regional and Country Analysis Americas UAV Payload and Subsystems market is poised to reach to the multitudes of billions by 2021, the market is to grow at a CAGR of around 6% during the forecasted period. Whereas, EMEA and Asia Pacific will grow at a considerable rate of CAGR. The reports also cover country level analysis. Key Findings o In 2015, Americas account the maximum market share of around 50%, followed by EMEA with 22%, and APAC with 28%. o In 2015, C4I systems captured the market with a share of around 32% and also expect to lead the market in 2021 o In Americas, the number of Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) in 2012 was 6,316 and is likely to reach 8,300 by 2017 Brief TOC of Global UAV Payload and Subsystems Market 1. Introduction 1.1 Report Description 1.2 Research Objective 2. Executive Summary 2.1 Key Findings / Highlights 2.1.1 Investment Opportunities 2.1.2 Market Startegies 2.1.3 Latest Developments 3. Scope of the Study 3.1 Markets Covered 3.2 Years Considered For the Study (2016-2021) 3.2 Geographic Scope 3.3 Key Stakeholders 4. Assumptions and Limitations 5. Research Methodology Continued.... About Market Research Future: At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services. MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions. Contact Info: Name: Akash Anand Email: akash.anand@marketresearchfuture.com Organization: Market Research Future Address: Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar, Pune - 411028 Maharashtra, India Phone: +1 646 845 9312 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/global-uav-payload-and-subsystems-market-is-estimated-to-grow-at-a-cagr-over-9-by-2021/184405 For more information, please visit https://www.marketresearchfuture.com Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 184405 Recent Press Releases By The Same User What To Expect When Dogs try Premium Probiotics By Doctor4paws (Sat 8th Apr 17) Akoni Homeware Receive First Amazon Orders For New Watermelon Product (Sat 8th Apr 17) Jeff Ifrah - Ifrah Law Appoints George R. Calhoun V as Chair of Financial Services Practice (Sat 8th Apr 17) Bill Lerner - iPark Boosts its Commitment to Environmental Sustainability By Launching EV Charging Stations (Sat 8th Apr 17) New Organic Skin Care for women that saves time and money, created by Cosmetic Surgeon, Dr. Robert Anderson (Sat 8th Apr 17) Lingua Franca Translations Launches New Website For Legal Translations In Under 2 Hours (Sat 8th Apr 17) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters In Case You Missed It 5 Things You Must Know Before the Market Opens Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money 25 Rules of investing Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Income Seeker Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet Compare All Subscription Services DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Midday Report: Raytheon, Lockheed Martin Rise After Syria Attack; Big Miss on March Jobs Keris Alison Lahiff Apr 7, 2017 12:05 PM EDT Stocks were under assault on multiple fronts in a busy end to the week. Geopolitical threats rose overnight after the U.S. military executed an airstrike against Syria in retaliation to a chemical attack earlier this week. Closer to home, the March jobs number was a big miss as late-season snow snarled weather-sensitive industries. Defense stocks saw some of this biggest gains of the day. Boeing (BA) , Lockheed Martin  (LMT) and Raytheon (RTN) , the maker of the Tomahawk missiles used in the attack on Syria, each moved higher. Twitter  (TWTR) was under pressure after defying a U.S. government request for records that could identify anti-Trump users. The social network is challenging that order in court, arguing that attempts to unmask users violates the First Amendment. PriceSmart  (PSMT) fell after quarterly earnings and sales missed estimates. Overall revenue climbed 2%, while net warehouse club sales grew 1.8%. More from TheStreet: 10 Things We Learned From Our Daily Facebook Show With Jim Cramer This Is Jim Cramer's Second Quarter Playbook Focus on Earnings in the Second Quarter, Not Donald Trump's Policies What will move markets this quarter and how should investors position themselves ahead of time? Jim Cramer sat down with four of TheStreet's top columnists recently to get their views. Click here to listen to his latest Trading Strategies roundtable with them and read their advice for stocks, bonds, forex, tax reform and gold.   If you liked this article you might like Syrian Crisis and Jobs Disappointment Combine for a Down Day on Wall Street Wall Street slumps as worries rise over the U.S.'s role in the Syrian conflict and a disappointing jobs number for March. Keris Alison Lahiff Apr 7, 2017 4:43 PM EDT Wall Street Sees Missile Strikes in Syria as a Temporary Blip The United States government's missile strikes in Syria shook investors for a second, but they're not running for the hills just yet. Emily Stewart Apr 7, 2017 4:12 PM EDT Stocks Add to Gains as Higher Oil Distracts From Syrian Crisis, Jobs Disappointment Stocks add to gains on Friday as oil and energy names distract from worries over the U.S.'s role in the Syrian conflict. Keris Alison Lahiff Apr 7, 2017 2:15 PM EDT Disappointing U.S. Jobs Report and Syrian Conflict Weigh on Wall Street A big miss on the U.S. jobs number for March and U.S. military intervention in the Syrian Civil War keep investors busy to end the week. Keris Alison Lahiff Apr 7, 2017 1:52 PM EDT Trending Russian Warship Moves Toward U.S. Navy Ships That Launched Syria Strikes 18 Large Retailers Besides J.C. Penney Are Closing Waves of Stores Battery Patent Application Could Change Game for Tesla Sumner Redstone to Leave Voting Role on CBS' Board 10 Things We Learned From Our Daily Facebook Show With Jim Cramer Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics NVDA AMZN Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Stocks finish mostly flat on Syria strike and tepid jobs report >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Has Trump Really Given a Boost to These Defense Prospects? (LMT, HII, LDOS) It's time to start picking the big winners for the defense buildup Apr 7, 2017, 11:06 am EDT  |  By , Zacks Investment Research     View All   The Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) has gathered more power over the past few years, flaring up radical Islamic terror attacks across the globe. While President Obama never really discouraged the nation’s defense expenses, President Trump has been criticizing his predecessor’s budget sequestration decision taken in 2013; particularly with respect to the defense frontier. Moreover, with his recent fiscal 2018 budget proposal of a record 10% hike in defense spending, President Trump looks to wage a “War on Terror,” in line with commitments he made during his campaigns as well as from the very first day of his tenure. Undoubtedly, such a hike is expected to usher in a ‘golden era’ for stocks in the aerospace and defense industry; thereby attracting more investors to them. In addition, widespread macroeconomic as well as geo-political uncertainty has pushed up demand for weapons in recent times. With the U.S. being the largest supplier of the world’s most-advanced weaponries, emergent global security threats force allied nations to turn to it for defense aid as well as buy state-of-the art ammunitions. Naturally, these are giving a boost to the Aerospace sector as a whole. As expected, the U.S. remains atop all nations when it comes to military expenditure. Notably, military spending consumes more than 50% of the U.S. discretionary budget, way ahead of the second-spot occupant China and third, Russia. Many of the defense majors in the nation are doing a decent job, propelled by the following strategies: Recent Uptrend in Budget: On Mar 16, 2017, along with the fiscal 2018 (FY 2018) budget proposal, the Trump administration also put forward a request for additional FY 2017 appropriations. Under additional appropriations, the White House requested an extra base budget of $24.9 billion and Overseas Contingency Operations (OCO) budget worth $5.1 billion; taking total budget appropriation to $30 billion for FY 2017. This amended request also calls for a hike of more than 26,000 active military forces from the original FY 2017 request and more than 6,000 forces from FY 2016’s actual force strength. In addition, these appropriations support future investment capabilities worth $15.5 billion in the aerospace and defense industry to improve the nation’s near-term and mid-term combat promptness to counter threats. Of this amount, $4.6 billion has been allotted for Army, $5.8 billion for Navy, $4.1 billion for Air Force and $1 billion for defense-wide spending. Moreover, the proposed base budget appropriations of Mar 2017 seek to invest $13.5 billion in procuring additional and modernizing Army Apache and Blackhawk helicopters, F-35 and F/A-18 fighter aircraft, tactical missiles, unmanned aircraft systems, and Terminal High Altitude Area Defense interceptors. No doubt such spending will boost the business of defense biggies, in particular The Boeing Company (BA) and Lockheed Martin (LMT) that manufacture these defense equipment. The FY 2017 budget request released by the Obama government had revealed plans to adjust the size of the force over the next several years to a level of 980,000 soldiers, 308 ships, 182,000 active-duty Marines and 55 Air Force tactical fighter squadrons. This indicated a likely expansion strategy in the U.S. military force. Now, with President Trump being highly in favor of defense spending, these numbers have a huge chance of getting elevated in the coming days. Foreign Military Sales (FMS): Big defense operators in the U.S. are expanding their markets rapidly, with foreign sales acting as a key top-line growth driver. Political conflicts and regional tensions have been driving demand for foreign sales, particularly in the Middle East with the ongoing military clash between two political parties in Iran since last year and Saudi Arabia’s alleged role in it, the Syrian civil war, the unrest in Iraq, Yemen and Libya, and a coup operation conducted in Turkey last July. Developed nations of Europe have also failed to escape the scythe of terror. The Paris attack of Nov 2015 took 130 lives and a series of terror threats that followed affected citizens of Brussels, Berlin, Normandy and the most recent in London. Moreover, with no regional arms control regulation in place, the emerging nations in Asia such as India and Japan are continuing to boost their arsenal. U.S. being the top global arms exporter is seeing added arms import by these foreign countries. This is giving U.S. aerospace and defense business a big boost. Of the recently made FMS deals, worth mentioning is the $3.3 billion modification contract that Boeing clinched last month from the U.S. Army for supplying lot 7-11 of AH-64E Apache attack helicopters to the government of Saudi Arabia. Work related to this multi-year deal is expected to be over by Jun 30, 2022. In February, Raytheon Company (RTN) secured an FMS deal worth $1.1 billion from the U.S. Air Force. Under the terms of the deal, the company will provide an early warning radar system to the Qatar government, which will be incorporated into the nation’s integrated air and missile defense enterprise. 7 Tech Stocks That Will Crush the Market for Years There were doubts in relation to Trump’s foreign defense policies when he attained presidency as repeatedly referred to insufficient contributions from many alliance partners during his campaign. However, over past few months, the U.S. situation in terms of FMS deals seems to have only improved. Restructuring/Acquisition: To maintain margins in a tough business environment, companies are squeezing costs out of their operations and diversifying into new business areas. Commercial aviation is one such diversification play, with opportunities in emerging markets driving the trend. New macro challenges are prompting industry players to revisit their business models. One such example is the recently completed takeover of Implant Sciences’ explosives trace detection (ETD) assets by L3 Technologies, Inc. (LLL) for $117 million. These assets will help L3 Technologies increase its capabilities in the global aviation security and national security markets by offering domain expertise and technical capabilities that Implant Sciences has in innovative tracing solutions, apart from boosting L3 Technologies’ sensor portfolio. In February, premium engineered aircraft components provider TransDigm Group Inc. (TDG) acquired SCHROTH Safety Products GmbH and aviation & defense assets and liabilities of Takata Corporation for a total of $90 million. With the acquired assets, the company will focus on designing and manufacturing proprietary, highly engineered, advanced safety systems for aviation, racing, and military ground vehicles. Increase in Cyber Spending: Computer attacks are among the most pressing security challenges facing the U.S. Increasing cyber-attacks, terrorism threats, and enhanced geopolitical instability are pushing focus toward electronic warfare, C4ISR (Command, Control, Communication, Computers, Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance) and cyber security. In this context, the FY 2017 appropriation budget request includes funding worth $7.2 billion for operations and maintenance to address urgent readiness shortfalls across the joint force, including improvements in cyber intelligence capabilities. Moreover, Trump’s proposed FY 2018 budget allocates $1.5 billion for Homeland Security to tackle cyber attacks, including protecting critical infrastructure. The Trump Factor: Although a few of his controversial remarks initially forced some analysts to worry over the nation’s defense stocks, the ultimate result has been an encouraging message to the industry from President Trump so far. A few instances will make this point clear. Throughout Dec 2016, Trump slammed Lockheed Martin calling its F-35 program an ‘out of cost’ project. However, F-35 is the world’s largest defense program and accounts for a major share of revenues for Lockheed Martin. Trump also criticized Boeing for developing a highly expensive version of the Air Force One – the President’s carrier – and urged the federal government to cancel its order with Boeing for the jets. Naturally, such allegations caused the defense stocks to tumble initially. However, in Feb 2017, Trump stated that after a month of negotiation with Lockheed Martin Corporation (NYSE:LMT), he has finally induced a feasible cost cut of $600 million for the 10th Lot of F-35 jets. Last month, Lockheed’s CEO Hewson admitted that President Trump’s insistence in cutting cost of F-35 did have a major influence on this program’s cost-saving initiative. Management now plans to reduce $85 million or less per plane by 2019. This is in sync with Trump’s belief that that the cost reduction initiative will save “billions and billions of dollars” for the U.S. government. Moreover recently, Trump urged his fellow North Atlantic Treaty Organization or NATO member nations to contribute more to the organization’s defense fund. He expressed his disapproval of how a few nations including Germany owe ‘vast sums’ to the U.S. and NATO, and described the situation as a ‘very unfair’ one, especially for his country. Although Trump’s comments were widely criticized, since U.S. is the largest contributor to NATO (about 72%), Trump’s pressure on other members to spend more on defense is expected to increase defense funds for the allied members as a whole. Clearly, defense biggies in the U.S. that generate a substantial share of their revenues from international customers will be the direct beneficiaries of the situation. Last week, the Trump administration announced plans to pursue the $5 billion sale of 19 Lockheed Martin F-16 jets to Bahrain that got stalled owing to human rights’ concerns last year by the Obama administration. As told to Congress, the U.S. State Department will reinstate the deal, putting aside human rights’ conditions imposed by the Obama government. Though the Bahrain deal has crossed the primary hurdle, the entire process involves many more stages. Nevertheless, given that Bahrain is one of the nation’s valued customers, the deal will surely give a big boost Lockheed Martin’s business prospects. Here is whom we consider some of winners in this new era of defense and technology spending… Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/04/has-trump-really-given-a-boost-to-defense-prospects/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace Are These Stocks Still the Best? 3 ‘War Stocks’ to Buy After the Syria Strike 7 Utility Stocks That Will Crack Nest Eggs 4 Big Banks: What to Watch in Q1 Earnings 3 Stocks About to Get Rocket Boosters iPhone 8 May Be Delayed Until ... ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks The 10 Best Stocks to Buy for 2017: Still the Best? 7 Utility Stocks That Will Crack Your Nest Egg 3 ‘War Stocks’ to Buy After Trump’s Syria Strike 4 Big Bank Stocks: What to Watch in Q1 Earnings 3 Stocks About to Get Rocket Boosters from Short Sellers Most Popular The 7 Best Retirement Stocks That No One Talks About 10 Under-the-Radar Stocks to Buy Now for Explosive Upside The 10 Best Fidelity Funds for Retirees 7 Tech Stocks That Will Crush the Market for Years 3 Covered Calls to Make $1,000 in Income in a Month The 5 Best Stocks to Buy for April Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
We Could Have Good Satellite Internet If We Wanted Satellite internet was once seen as a holy grail of connect-anywhere online access. But for various reasons, it hasn’t worked out that way—yet. A version of this post originally appeared on Tedium, a twice-weekly newsletter that hunts for the end of the long tail. As the recent vote in Congress over online privacy rules reminded us, people tend to hate their internet service providers. Case in point: Offbeat rocker Todd Rundgren once wrote and performed a poorly-aged song called "I Hate My Frickin' ISP," in which he railed against the anonymous loser that was preventing him from getting online, along with the service that promised him 20 free, addiction-starting hours. (It's a bad entryway into his catalog, by the way; you're way better off with "I Saw The Light.") Perhaps the worst kind of frickin' ISP is satellite-based internet. And the reason for that, to put it simply, is because it could be the best. Here's why. "A body in such an orbit, if its plane coincided with that of the earth's equator, would revolve with the earth and would thus be stationary above the same spot on the planet. It would remain fixed in the sky of a whole hemisphere and unlike all other heavenly bodies would neither rise nor set." — Science fiction author Arthur C. Clarke, writing in Wireless World magazine back in 1945 about the idea of stationary satellites that could be held in place around the Earth's orbit, allowing them to be used to service communications around the world. Clarke's essay proved incredibly influential on the satellite industry. Just 20 years after his essay was published, the satellite Intelsat I went up into orbit, effectively following his geostationary strategy. The satellite was put into orbit by the Hughes Aircraft company. A video simulation of the Teledesic constellation of satellites that would have given us fast worldwide satellite internet. We haven't actually seen the dream of satellite internet as it was originally intended As I wrote last year, the internet wasn't initially globally accessible, though it eventually worked its way up to that. But some saw the global potential early—particularly in the world of satellites. For example, the company Teledesic wanted to create a whole network of hundreds of satellites that would provide high-speed internet access around the world. The company had a big name backer—a guy named Bill Gates—and ambitious plans. At one point, Teledesic pitched the idea of building a $9 billion satellite system, complete with the support of Boeing. This system, which would have involved hundreds of individual satellites circling the globe, was built around a broad vision of turning satellite internet into a mainstream product. (And it wasn't alone: Motorola, at one point, backed the satellite firm Iridium Communications, which planned a $5 billion network of its own.) Daniel Kohn, who helped operate the company, put forth an impressive vision of what the Teledesic network, once completed, would look like. In an essay for the Internet Society, he described a low-Earth-orbit satellite network, based on the Ka satellite band, that would provide internet speeds as fast as fiber-optic cables, no matter where you were globally. "The promise of the information age is constrained by the lack of access to switched, broadband services in most of the developed and virtually all of the developing world," Kohn explained in the essay. "The Teledesic Network will provide a means to help extend these switched, broadband connections on demand anywhere on Earth." There was a problem, however, and only the passage of time highlighted how big a problem it was. In his essay, Kohn made a prediction about fiber-optic-driven internet access that turned out to be incredibly wrong: While there is a lot of fiber out there in the world—and the number of places is growing—it is used primarily to connect countries and telephone company central offices. Even in a country like the United States, little of that fiber will be extended for local access to individual offices and homes, which represents 80 percent of the cost of a network. In most of the world, fiber deployment likely never will happen. As any FIOS or Google Fiber subscriber will tell you, we do in fact have fiber optic cable that goes to many homes—not all, but far more than Kohn's general prediction implied. The value of the internet was such that companies were actually willing to spend massive amounts of capital on those last-mile fiber-optic connections. Additionally, the success of coaxial cables in providing fast internet access to users around the world helped muffle some of the need for a massive satellite internet network. That said, Kohn's point remains valid. There are still lots of parts of the world that don't have fast internet access. It just turned out that there were far fewer than the audacious plan anticipated. And as a result, the market for satellite internet is immensely disappointing in comparison to Teledesic's aspirations. It's no wonder that the company eventually faded away. Despite talking a big game and having big-money backers, the company eventually stopped building its audacious idea in 2002, with little to show for it despite hundreds of millions of dollars in investments. "We think there's still demand in the market for these services," Teledesic spokesman Todd Wolfenbarger told the Seattle Times at the time. "But absent of some other partner, it's not going to happen." Iridium did slightly better, but only out of sheer luck. In 2000, former Pan Am executive Dan Colussy, along with a group of fellow investors, bought the bankrupt satellite company for just $25 million, in what might rank as one of the best business deals of all time. The company bought a network of 77 satellites for 0.5 percent of the price it cost to build the network from scratch, making it easier to turn the concept into a success. Cloussy sold the network for $591 million in 2008, effectively making his investment back 24 times over. (Again, smart deal.) Iridium's network is based on low-Earth-orbit satellites like Teledesic, but the company decided to focus on niche needs, such as the US military, rather than creating an internet-of-everywhere. As Fortune notes, this was a winning strategy; the company is in the midst of upgrading its satellites, which make hundreds of millions of dollars in revenue per year for the company, despite there being fewer than 800,000 subscribers to the network. We did get satellite internet, but it didn't look anything like the big idea Teledesic was trying to sell. The satellite internet we actually got is lame and frustrating Ever see the movie The Aviator , about reclusive pilot and billionaire Howard Hughes? Yes, the Hughes in HughesNet, the internet service, refers to Howard Hughes. No, he doesn't really have a connection to the concept of satellite-based internet, other than the fact that it's a distant descendant of his aviation business. Now owned by EchoStar, HughesNet carries its current name because it was at one point owned by the Hughes Aircraft Company, but the firm wasn't acquired until about a decade after Howard Hughes had died. But the reclusive tycoon's firm did have a legacy in satellites before that point. A graphic explaining how DirecPC initially worked. Image: SatelliteDish.com The roots of the modern service date back to 1996, when Hughes—which owned DirecTV at the time—launched its DirecPC service, one of the earliest broadband services available in homes nationally. It was an awkward approach, letting users download via a speedy-at-the-time Hughes Network Systems Galaxy IV satellite, but managing the upload part of the equation through modems on the ground. (Considering the somewhat convoluted process, it's understandable why it didn't take off.) The service slowly evolved from there, becoming DIRECWAY back in 2001, and eventually HughesNet in 2006 after DirecTV and Hughes were separated from one another. Then and now, HughesNet follows the Arthur C. Clarke ideal—a single satellite that effectively stays in place 22,000 miles above the earth. This kind of distance is fine if you're beaming television into your living room or loading a webpage, but if you're trying to play a game, it's not so hot. As a result of this distance factor, a whole lot of money has to be spent to modestly improve the quality of the internet connection you get via a satellite. Fortunately, competition also helps: In 2011, the ViaSat-1 satellite got up in the air, allowing for the competing Exede internet service to help slowly nudge HughesNet into the future. Since then, EchoStar and ViaSat have been going back and forth upgrading their satellites to offer better connections to rural satellite users. For example, last month, HughesNet announced a speedier internet service after launching a new satellite last year. But it's only speedier compared to the previous version of HughesNet. The upgrade only gets the network to 25 megabits per second, which is a speed that pales in comparison to most home-based internet connections. For comparison's sake: When cable internet technology first came on the scene in 1995, the technology was capable of transmitting data at 27 megabits per second. Despite its technology being upgraded at a regular clip for two decades, satellite internet has only just now crept up to where cable internet was 22 years ago. Think about that. A promotional clip for NightShift, a time-shifting service for satellite internet platforms. The various quirks that come with modern-day satellite internet access Limited bandwidth. Ever been on an airplane Wi-Fi connection, or perhaps on a train? Now imagine sharing a slightly faster version of that connection with the entire country. That's pretty much what you're doing when you use satellite internet—in the case of an airplane, often literally. Slow upload speeds. Always the achilles heel of satellite internet, uplink speeds have been a small fraction of downlink speeds. The reason for this is that users are effectively sharing the ability to upload with a single satellite, meaning your data gets sent in bursts—and have to wait your turn. In industry parlance, this is called Time Division Multiple Access, or TDMA—a technology that was once commonly used with cellular networks. High latency. When your connection has to communicate with a satellite 22,000 miles in the air, there are going to be delays. HughesNet specifically recommends against playing real-time games using its network, because of latency problems. "While browsing for a website or downloading content, this delay goes unnoticed," the company writes in an FAQ. "But during real-time multi-player games, this delay creates game latency (high ping) and an unreliable connection with the gaming server. Many game servers will auto-kick players who have a high ping, as it creates 'lag' and disrupts gameplay for others." So no Quake for you. Data caps. You think data caps are bad on your mobile phone? You've never dealt with satellite connections, which often face artificial speed limitations because there are only so many satellites in space. As a result, satellite connections are way more expensive than other types of home internet access. Overage problems. You know the satellite internet setup has problems when a service like NightShift exists. NightShift, which gets around satellite data caps by pre-loading programs from streaming services in the middle of the night, is designed essentially to work around the caps of services like HughesNet or Exede, which loosen their caps on bandwidth in the middle of the night. "Now, let's talk about what made me want to beat this thing to death with a chair." — MacWorld reviewer Séamus Bellamy, discussing his experience reviewing the Iridium Go portable satellite internet device, a $799 device that offers online connectivity through Iridium's satellite network, which is generally used for satellite phones and business communication needs. The problem is, the network is really slow for internetting—about the same speed as a 2400-baud modem—and as a result, the device has very limited capabilities. It can only surf the web through a dedicated app, offers low-quality calling, and was only really good for texting when it came down to it. Faster portable satellite options exist, but they cost even more. HughesNet and Exede, while certainly a lot better than nothing at all, don't properly represent what Teledesic was pitching two decades ago. They're single satellites, built on the Arthur C. Clarke model and located tens of thousands of miles above the Earth, rather than mesh-like model of hundreds of satellites that Teledesic was pitching. The failings of this model can be seen in the slow upload speeds. If there were more satellites and if they were closer to the Earth, the technology would simply work better. (Iridium's network, based on low-Earth orbit satellites, is about halfway there, but is in dire need of a technological upgrade and serves a more niche audience at this juncture.) Fortunately for everyone, companies are starting to give Teledesic's audacious idea another shot. Last year, Elon Musk's SpaceX made a pitch for launching thousands of low-Earth orbit satellites into a spot roughly 715 miles to 823 miles above the planet. And because it's Elon Musk, the odds of it happening instantly go up by 50 percent. And Musk isn't alone. OneWeb, which has Richard Branson on its board, hopes to ensure satellite broadband will close the digital divide by 2027. That network will be made up of roughly 700 satellites when initially completed. Last month, the company broke ground on its satellite manufacturing facility, because if you're building hundreds of satellites, you're going to need a factory. This stuff is all new technology, but it's based on an old idea—an idea that might finally see its moment in orbit.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets closed S&P 500 2,355.54 -1.95 (-0.08%) Dow 30 20,656.10 -6.85 (-0.03%) Nasdaq 5,877.81 -1.14 (-0.02%) In a new space age, Goldman suggests investors can make it big in asteroids Lauren Thomas CNBCApril 6, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share A new space age is emerging, and the so-called space economy will become a multitrillion-dollar industry within the next two decades, Goldman Sachs (NYSE: GS) is telling its clients. More than 50 venture capital firms invested in space in 2015, driving more VC dollars into the sector in that year alone than in the prior 15 years combined, analyst Noah Poponak wrote in a Tuesday note to investors. Those firms included SoftBank (Tokyo Stock Exchange: 9984.T-JP), Fidelity, Bessemer and the VC arm of Alphabet (NASDAQ: GOOGL)'s Google, among others. "While relatively small markets today, rapidly falling costs are lowering the barrier to participate in the space economy, making new industries like space tourism, asteroid mining and on-orbit manufacturing viable," Poponak said. Since 2000, more than $13 billion has been poured into space-related start-ups and established companies, Goldman's research shows. Key players receiving funds are broken down into satellite manufacturers, like Boeing (NYSE: BA); launch providers, like Lockheed Martin (NYSE: LMT); and operators, such as AT&T (NYSE: T) or Dish Network (NASDAQ: DISH). Asteroids could be the new equities But investors are starting to look past the well-established industries within space, such as development of satellites and launchers, and into less-established ventures like space mining and tourism, Goldman wrote. "We believe space mining is still a long way from commercial viability, but it has the potential to further ease access to space and facilitate an in-space manufacturing economy," Poponak said. He went on to say that: "Space mining could be more realistic than perceived ... a single asteroid the size of a football field could contain $25 billion to $50 billion worth of platinum." It's important to note that former President Barack Obama signed the Commercial Space Launch Competitiveness Act, which essentially opened the door for U.S. companies to explore, extract and recover space resources. This is what prompted leading tech figures like Elon Musk — with SpaceX — and Jeff Bezos — with Blue Origin — to join the so-called race to space. President Donald Trump and his administration are reportedly considering a plan for the U.S. space program that calls for a "rapid and affordable" return to the moon by 2020. Though many in space-related industries, including Musk, have voiced concerns over Trump's proposals. Nonetheless, Goldman believes "profit pools" are being created in areas of the universe that have yet to be explored — literally. Space is becoming a new economy, "with substantial new opportunity, long term." More From CNBC Jeff Bezos plans to get millions of people to space — and he's selling $1 billion a year of Amazon stock to do it Google's parent company is vacuuming up top talent in health care and biotech Uber says NYT report about drivers losing work is wrong Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next America's Strike in Syria: The Generals Are Taking Charge The Fiscal Times Concerned about White House infighting, Trump eyes shake-up: WSJ Reuters Sean Penn Calls His Former Producer Steve Bannon a 'Hollywood Wannabe' People JPMorgan’s CEO admits his company has a black talent problem—and the finance industry should listen Quartz What Stephen Bannon Was Like at Goldman Sachs The Street Here's What Firing 59 Tomahawk Missiles at Syria's Airfield Cost The Fiscal Times The Target boycott cost more than anyone expected — and the CEO was blindsided Business Insider Here's how much the average family has saved for retirement at every age CNBC Hunt for Why We Exist Turns to Weird Atomic Decay LiveScience.com What you need to know about the Tomahawk missiles that struck Syria Yahoo Finance Video Stocks wobble after Syria strike, jobs report Yahoo Finance The most expensive house in Georgia is on the market for $48 million—take a look inside CNBC Bannon reportedly told to 'lay low' as White House denies reports of Trump shake-up CNBC I drove the electric Chevy Bolt all weekend and only freaked out once Yahoo Finance A massive asteroid is going to zip past Earth later this month BGR News The 'bralette' boom Yahoo Finance Video Exclusive: Situation in Syria constitutes international armed conflict - Red Cross Wendy Jane: So without confirmation of who used the deadly gas, the government or the rebels, trump went and bombed their army? Brilliant. Anything to distract people from the fact he has no clue how to be President. Tweeting an accusation of a felony towards Obama only distracted people for a short time - guess it's now bombing other countries. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 812
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate National Politics British Columbia Alberta Toronto World Video Politics Insider Federal Election U.S. Politics Home» News» Politics Prime Minister Justin Trudeau Ottawa, Wednesday, April 5, 2017. (THE CANADIAN PRESS/Adrian Wyld) Prime Minister Justin Trudeau Ottawa, Wednesday, April 5, 2017. (THE CANADIAN PRESS/Adrian Wyld) Politics Briefing Trudeau: Canada ‘fully supports’ U.S. action in Syria Add to ... The Globe and Mail Published Friday, Apr. 07, 2017 9:10AM EDT Last updated Friday, Apr. 07, 2017 9:12AM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn PrintLicense article THE LATEST ON SYRIA The United States launched 59 Tomahawk missiles at an Assad-controlled air base in Syria last night in response to the Syrian President’s use of chemical weapons earlier this week. The Syrian army says six people were killed and equipment was destroyed. “It is in this vital national security interest of the United States to prevent and deter the spread and use of deadly chemical weapons,” U.S. President Donald Trump said last night in justifying the strike. “President Putin considers the U.S. strikes against Syria an act of aggression against a sovereign country violating the norms of international law, and under a trumped-up pretext at that,” a Russian spokesperson was quoted as saying this morning. “Canada fully supports the United States’ limited and focused action to degrade the Assad regime’s ability to launch chemical weapons attacks against innocent civilians, including many children. President Assad’s use of chemical weapons and the crimes the Syrian regime has committed against its own people cannot be ignored,” Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said in a statement. SECUREDROP Did you know you can share information with Globe journalists with much more security and anonymity than traditional means? Read more about SecureDrop and encrypted communication. CANADIAN NEWS YOU SHOULD KNOW Newly disclosed emails reveal more about the concerns that Vice-Admiral Mark Norman had about a major shipbuilding contract, before he was removed from his job as the military’s No. 2. Boeing says it’s working to address Canadian complaints that cockpits of the Super Hornet jets can lose oxygen. Brian Mulroney warns the coming changes to be discussed in renegotiating the North American Free Trade Agreement will be more than just tweaks. Public Services and Procurement Minister Judy Foote is taking a leave of absence to deal with family issues, the Liberals say. And senators will spend $225,000 so they can hand out medals for Canada’s 150th birthday. This is the daily Politics Briefing newsletter. If you're reading this on the web or someone forwarded this email newsletter to you, you can sign up for Politics Briefing and all Globe newsletters here. Let us know what you think. LUNCHTIME LONG READ Saskatchewan Premier Brad Wall and Prime Minister Trudeau may not see eye-to-eye on many issues, such as carbon pricing, but they are agree on one important thing: making sure Canadian ties to the new Trump administration are strong. The Globe’s Adrian Morrow explains how Mr. Wall has been getting access to top U.S. lawmakers. WHAT EVERYONE’S TALKING ABOUT Globe and Mail editorial board: “Once again, the Syrian regime of Bashar al-Assad has shocked the conscience of the world by using chemical weapons on its own people. And once again, the question is asked: When will the world put a stop to this madness?” Craig Forcese (Globe and Mail): “Boiled to its essence, international law has limited use of force by one state against another to situations of self-defence or circumstances where force is authorized by the UN Security Council. Here, there is no plausible basis for self-defence. The U.S. has not been attacked by Syria. Nor have its allies. Nor is there any Security Council authorization – thanks largely to the obstinacy of the Russians, allies of the Assad regime. The result is a legal impasse, one that is not easily circumvented by creative lawyering.” Amber Phillips (Washington Post): “Now, top Senate Republicans concerned about the death, destruction and instability that a Syrian president unanswerable to the United States has caused seem greatly relieved he's come to their side.” Robyn Urback (CBC): “But two years — plus a few symbolic gestures, a gender-sensitive budget and one balanced cabinet later — and Trudeau-brand feminism has become like that catchphrase on a family sitcom, the one that stopped being amusing two seasons ago, but the laugh track keeps rolling anyway. ” Don Martin (CTV): “[Don] Meredith may have been busted for warped predatory behavior, but he has committed no act giving his fellow senators the constitutional grounds for an unprecedented ouster. His attendance meets the requirement so, unless he revokes his citizenship, declares bankruptcy, commits treason or gives up the pittance of property a sitting Senator must own, he’s in the clear. It’s the best job security that political patronage can buy.” Chuck Strahl (Macleans): “There is plenty of opportunity to wield influence, but starting a new [Conservative] party is the nuclear bomb of political actions, and once unleashed, it’s hard to control the fallout. Though it can be successful, it’s more likely that if it happened, the other guys (in this case, the Liberals) would dine out on the twitching Conservative carcass for many elections to come. Written by Chris Hannay and Mayaz Alam. Report Typo/Error Follow us on Twitter: @GlobePolitics   Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn PrintLicense article Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » News Scarlett Johansson 'disappointed' in Ivanka Trump News Opinion: Saunders: Trump's surprise airstrike part of U.S. political tradition Report on Business This tiny Toronto house sold for $370,000 over asking News Raw footage shows aftermath of Sweden truck attack News Moscow says U.S. ties 'hurt' by Syria missile strike News Watch raw footage of U.S. missiles firing at Syria Technology Student-designed rocket reaches record heights Report on Business Commemorative $10 bill marks Canada’s 150th Report on Business Carrick Talks Money: Four personal finance books millennials should read News Trudeau explains change of position on Syrian chemical attacks Report on Business Inside the Market: Three things investors should pay attention to in Q2 Report on Business Carrick Talks Money: Three ways retirees can defend their savings against a stock market crash ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business Total Energy Services acquires more stocks of Savanna Energy Services in takeover Life Filipino food has been slow to pick up in Vancouver, despite its popularity elsewhere Most popular April 8: Your daily horoscope Military action against Syria marks an about-face in policy for Trump The behind-the-scenes complicity of Ivanka Trump After long season, Leafs happy to be in playoff hunt BC Liberals are their own worst enemies X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
CONTACT US SPONSOR A POST ADVERTISE WITH GAS2 Privacy Policy Hybrid / EV EVs Charging Hybrids Biofuels Algae Biodiesel Ethanol Car Hacks / DIY Cycles Bicycles Motorcycles Scooters Motorsports Formula 1 Formula E IMSA IndyCar Pikes Peak 24 Hours of Le Mans Search → Elon Musk Published on April 7th, 2017 | by Steve Hanley 0 SpaceX Driving Down The Cost Of Space Travel, Aims For 24 Hour Turn Around Time April 7th, 2017 by Steve Hanley    When SpaceX announced 2 years ago that it was trying to recover the first stage of its Falcon 9 rockets after a launch, most of us thought Elon Musk had finally bitten off more than he could chew. Reusing rockets? That’s nuts, right? Now, after several failed attempts, SpaceX has gone ahead and done it. At the end of March, it placed a communications satellite in orbit using a rocket whose first stage had flown once before. What’s even more incredible is the first stage was recovered again and may be used to launch a third rocket sometime in the future. Elon Musk has said that using rockets only once is like scrapping a 747 after its first flight. The key to affordable space travel is recapturing and reusing the components that make it possible. On the latest flight, SpaceX also recovered one half of the payload fairing that protects the cargo from the heat and stress of a launch. It’s a small thing compared to the total cost of a rocket, perhaps, but that fairing costs $6 million. Next up on the agenda is recovering the second stage of a Falcon 9 rocket. That’s a far more difficult feet because the second stage is much higher up and travelling significantly faster than the first stage when it is done with its part of a mission. So how much is SpaceX saving by recovering and reusing its rockets? Gwynne Shotwell, the president of SpaceX,  told the Space Symposium conference that refurbishing the “pre-flown” rocket cost less than half the cost of building a new one. Eventually, Musk says his goal is to slash the cost of rockets by 90%. The goal now is to recover rockets, refurbish them, and use them again within 24 hours. That has more than a few of its competitors nervous. Until Space X came on the scene, United Launch Alliance, an amalgam of Boeing and Lockheed Martin, had the US rocket launch business pretty much to itself and could charge customers — including NASA — whatever it wanted. ULA relies heavily on the Atlas V rocket which has an enviable reliability record of over 70 successful launches without mishap. SpaceX has had two spectacular failures with the Falcon 9. But ULA has now cut the price for using the Atlas V by one third in response to the challenge from SpaceX. It recently lost a contract with the Air Force because it was substantially underbid by SpaceX. “We’re seeing that price is even more important than it had been in the past,” Tory Bruno, chief executive of United Launch Alliance, or ULA, said during an interview at the U.S. Space Symposium in Colorado Springs. “We’re dropping the cost of Atlas almost every day. Atlas is now down more than a third in its cost.” Until ULA figures out how to recycle its rockets, there is only so far it can drop its price. Its executives must now feel like the CEOs of the world’s major car companies who once dismissed Musk and Tesla as jokes. Now those auto industry leaders are like Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, looking over their shoulders and asking each other, “Who are those guys?” By breaking ULA’s stranglehold on the rocket launch business, SpaceX has encouraged other competitors to think about getting in on the action. Jeff Bezos’ Blue Origin and Virginia based Orbital ATK are planning to compete for government contracts with new rockets of their own. Like SpaceX, Blue Origin is working on recovering and reusing part of launch vehicles. Where is all this leading? SpaceX has taken what it calls “substantial deposits” from two individuals who want to be the first space tourist. They will fly to the moon and back sometime in the next few years, after SpaceX has successfully flown its Dragon space capsule with real people on board. After that? It’s on to Mars. Elon says he wants to get the price of a Mars journey down to around $200,000 in time. Musk is becoming almost a mythical figure. Part Thomas Edison, part Henry Ford, he has a profound effect on everything he becomes involved with. “Disruptive” is probably too mild a word for him. He doesn’t overcome barriers, he shatters them. If mankind one day learns to build colonies on Mars, it will be because of his vision and determination to see things not as they are but as they could be. If he wasn’t an immigrant, he would make an interesting president. Source: The New York Times  Photo credit: SpaceX via TechCrunch   Share: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Tags: Blue Origin, cost of rocket, cost of space travel, Orbital ATK, reusing a rocket, SpaceX, ULA About the Author Steve Hanley I have been a car nut since the days when Rob Walker and Henry N. Manney, III graced the pages of Road & Track. Today, I use my trusty Miata for TSD rallies and occasional track days at Lime Rock and Watkins Glen. If it moves on wheels, I'm interested in it. Please follow me on Google + and Twitter. Related Posts Elon Musk Tweets New Tunnel Boring Machine Coming Next Month → Top Tesla Tweets of the Week, February 10: Transportation and Beyond → Elon Musk Tunnel Plan Is Full Of Holes → SpaceX Wants To Launch 4,425 Satellites To Provide Global Internet Service → Back to Top ↑ Advertisement Top Posts & Pages Breaking News: New Blog Post Downplays Tesla Model 3 Top 5 Reasons to NOT Convert Your Car to Propane or LPG The 11 Best Fuel Efficient Motorcycles You Can Buy in 2016 Tunnel Boring Under City Of Seattle Complete The 11 Best Fuel-efficient Motorcycles You Can Buy in 2015 The 13 Best Fuel-efficient Motorcycles You Can Buy in 2013 SpaceX Driving Down The Cost Of Space Travel, Aims For 24 Hour Turn Around Time Advertisement Get Our News Daily! Subscribe to our mailing list Advertisement Fastest Electric Cars *17 Quickest Electric Cars On The Market *10 Ferraris, Lamborghinis, Porsches, & McLarens The Ludicrous Tesla Model S Is Quicker Than Featured New Car Reviews *4 States + 1000 Miles in the Mitsubishi Outlander *Mitsubishi Outlander Plug-In Hybrid *2015 Toyota Auris Hybrid *1000 Mile Test Drive: 2014 Chevy Cruze Diesel *Mitsubishi Mirage CVT: Driving the Highest MPG Car in America *The 50 MPG Honda Accord Hybrid Featured Motorcycle Posts *The World’s Most Perfect Vespa *Hero Launches Turbo Diesel Motorcycle *Yamaha’s All-Electric Ecosystem *The 13 Best High MPG Motorcycles of 2013 The content produced by this site is for entertainment purposes only. Opinions and comments published on this site may not be sanctioned by, and do not necessarily represent the views of Sustainable Enterprises Media, Inc., its owners, sponsors, affiliates, or subsidiaries.   Search the IM Network Gas 2 is a Technorati Top 10 blog, and part of the Important Media network of blogs working to make the world a better, greener place. © 2014   Sustainable Enterprises Media, Inc. CONTACT US SPONSOR A POST ADVERTISE WITH GAS2 Privacy Policy Back to Top ↑ Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
CONTACT US SPONSOR A POST ADVERTISE WITH GAS2 Privacy Policy Hybrid / EV EVs Charging Hybrids Biofuels Algae Biodiesel Ethanol Car Hacks / DIY Cycles Bicycles Motorcycles Scooters Motorsports Formula 1 Formula E IMSA IndyCar Pikes Peak 24 Hours of Le Mans Search → Airplanes Published on April 6th, 2017 | by Steve Hanley 3 JetBlue Invests In Electric Airplane Start-up April 6th, 2017 by Steve Hanley    JetBlue has made an investment in Zunum Aero, a Kirkland, Washington, startup that hopes to have a hybrid electric airplane flying in about two years. It will be like “Tesla for the air,” says Bonny Simi, president of JetBlue Technology Ventures, but she declined to say how much of an investment her company has made. Boeing is also an investor in the company. Ashish Kumar, a mechanical and aerospace engineer, founded Zunum in 2013. The company’s name is derived from “tzunuum,” a Mayan word for hummingbird. Kumar claims his company’s electric hybrid propulsion technology can drive down costs for airlines by up to 80% because it would allow airlines to use more short-haul routes of fewer than 1,000 miles. Using its electric airplanes, passengers could fly in and out of smaller airports instead of using the hub-and-spoke system in use today, which makes them connect via a large airport near a large city. Short-haul flights are often expensive because airlines carry fewer passengers to these destinations and have to charge more to cover the costs of operating a flight with fewer passengers. For instance, a roundtrip ticket for a flight from Mobile to Atlanta, a distance of 660 miles, costs $239. A roundtrip ticket for the 1,780-mile flight between Atlanta and New York City is only $160. Lowering the cost of flights could create a more affordable transportation option for those living in rural communities. Donald Trump has proposed slashing government subsidies for rural airports, which could force some to close, cutting off rural inhabitants from access to air travel. Zunum pulls toward a different trend. Zunum expects its planes to carry about 50 passengers using electricity from batteries mounted in the wings. Kumar expects the first prototype of his electric airplane to be ready in about two years. Progress is a curious thing. First we hear of an idea and think it’s crazy. An electric airplane? Yeah, as if. Then, suddenly, news of electric airplanes is everywhere. Just a few days ago, we reported on a British startup that plans to make an electric airplane that carries 100 passengers. It, too, is designed for short-haul flights and has attracted attention from industry giant Airbus. The same thing happened with electric cars. In 2007, we all thought Elon Musk was some wild-eyed lunatic. Today, Tesla is worth more than Ford and nearly as much as General Motors. The odds are getting better that people will be flying in electric airplanes within the next 5 years or so. Amazing. Source: Quartz Share: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Tags: electric airplane. Jet Blue investment, short haul airplane, Wright Electric, Zunum Aero About the Author Steve Hanley I have been a car nut since the days when Rob Walker and Henry N. Manney, III graced the pages of Road & Track. Today, I use my trusty Miata for TSD rallies and occasional track days at Lime Rock and Watkins Glen. If it moves on wheels, I'm interested in it. Please follow me on Google + and Twitter. Related Posts Wright Electric Planning Short Haul Electric Airplane Within Ten Years → WebUserAtLarge Can’t wait to take a ride in one of those planes. I’d go fly somewhere and back just for the experience. Leon Waiting for Airlander 10 to go into service. Electric propulsion should be a possible propulsion for a blimp type vehicle? kevin mccune Progress is amazing , before we hear the Jet A aficionados start screaming , this is a niche market which could be very helpful , solve a good many problems , no one said it would replace the huge Kerosene jets , just as the electric class 8 trucks can be supplemented. Back to Top ↑ Advertisement Top Posts & Pages Breaking News: New Blog Post Downplays Tesla Model 3 Top 5 Reasons to NOT Convert Your Car to Propane or LPG The 11 Best Fuel Efficient Motorcycles You Can Buy in 2016 Tunnel Boring Under City Of Seattle Complete The 11 Best Fuel-efficient Motorcycles You Can Buy in 2015 The 13 Best Fuel-efficient Motorcycles You Can Buy in 2013 SpaceX Driving Down The Cost Of Space Travel, Aims For 24 Hour Turn Around Time Advertisement Get Our News Daily! Subscribe to our mailing list Advertisement Fastest Electric Cars *17 Quickest Electric Cars On The Market *10 Ferraris, Lamborghinis, Porsches, & McLarens The Ludicrous Tesla Model S Is Quicker Than Featured New Car Reviews *4 States + 1000 Miles in the Mitsubishi Outlander *Mitsubishi Outlander Plug-In Hybrid *2015 Toyota Auris Hybrid *1000 Mile Test Drive: 2014 Chevy Cruze Diesel *Mitsubishi Mirage CVT: Driving the Highest MPG Car in America *The 50 MPG Honda Accord Hybrid Featured Motorcycle Posts *The World’s Most Perfect Vespa *Hero Launches Turbo Diesel Motorcycle *Yamaha’s All-Electric Ecosystem *The 13 Best High MPG Motorcycles of 2013 The content produced by this site is for entertainment purposes only. Opinions and comments published on this site may not be sanctioned by, and do not necessarily represent the views of Sustainable Enterprises Media, Inc., its owners, sponsors, affiliates, or subsidiaries.   Search the IM Network Gas 2 is a Technorati Top 10 blog, and part of the Important Media network of blogs working to make the world a better, greener place. © 2014   Sustainable Enterprises Media, Inc. CONTACT US SPONSOR A POST ADVERTISE WITH GAS2 Privacy Policy Back to Top ↑ Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
CleanTechnica Store Go Solar! Electric Cars Solar Power 100% Renewable Energy? RSS Sponsor A Post Advertise CleanTechnica is the #1 cleantech-focused news & analysis site in the world. Subscribe today! The future is now. About About Our Team CleanTechnica Comment Policy Use Of Our Content Important Media Network Important Media Jobs Contact Us Sponsor A Post Buy Banner Ad Space Local Solar Discounts Electric Car Reviews Audi A3 e-tron Review BMW i3 Review BMW i3 vs Mercedes B-Class Electric BMW i3 vs Nissan LEAF vs Chevy Volt BMW i3 vs Tesla Model S 70D BMW i8 vs Tesla Model S vs Cadillac ELR vs Porsche Panamera S E-Hybrid vs BMW i3 Chevy Spark EV Review 2016 Chevy Volt Review Chevy Volt Cost of Ownership Review Fiat 500e Review Mercedes B-Class Electric Drive Mitsubishi Outlander PHEV Review Nissan LEAF Long-Term Review Renault Twizy Review Renault Zoe Review Smart Electric Drive Review Smart Electric Drive vs Camaro Tesla Model S Long-Term Review Tesla Model S P85D Review Tesla Model X Review #1, by Zach Tesla Model X Review #2, by Kyle Volkswagen e-Golf Review Volkswagen e-Up! Review Volvo XC90 T8 Review Exclusives All Exclusives CleanTechnica Reports CleanTechnica Reviews CleanTechnica Videos CleanTechnica Events Cleantech Talk (Our Podcast) Long-Term Nissan LEAF Review Long-Term Tesla Model S Review 70-Page Electric Car Report (Free!) Power Solar Energy News Local Solar Discounts How To Go Solar About Solar Energy Wind Energy News About Wind Energy Energy Efficiency Lighting LED Energy Storage Smart Grid Geothermal Energy Hydroelectricy Marine Energy Biomass Transport Electric Vehicles Electric Vehicle News Electric Cars For Sale In 2016 (US) Electric Cars Are Greener Tesla Motors Bicycles Benefits Of Bicycling Biofuels Cars Boats Mass Transit / Public Transit Trains / Rail Aviation Shipping Surprise! Search → NavigationCleanTechnica StoreGo Solar!Electric CarsSolar Power100% Renewable Energy?RSSSponsor A PostAdvertise Aviation Published on April 7th, 2017 | by Steve Hanley 0 Hybrid Electric Airplane Startup Zunum Aero Collects Investments From JetBlue & Boeing April 7th, 2017 by Steve Hanley  Originally published on Gas2. JetBlue has made an investment in Zunum Aero, a Kirkland, Washington, startup that hopes to have a hybrid electric airplane flying in about two years. It will be like “Tesla for the air,” says Bonny Simi, president of JetBlue Technology Ventures, but she declined to say how much of an investment her company has made. Boeing is also an investor in the company. Ashish Kumar, a mechanical and aerospace engineer, founded Zunum in 2013. The company’s name is derived from “tzunuum,” a Mayan word for hummingbird. Kumar claims his company’s electric hybrid propulsion technology can drive down costs for airlines by up to 80% because it would allow airlines to use more short-haul routes of fewer than 1,000 miles. Using its electric airplanes, passengers could fly in and out of smaller airports instead of using the hub-and-spoke system in use today, which makes them connect via a large airport near a large city. Short-haul flights are often expensive because airlines carry fewer passengers to these destinations and have to charge more to cover the costs of operating a flight with fewer passengers. For instance, a roundtrip ticket for a flight from Mobile to Atlanta, a distance of 660 miles, costs $239. A roundtrip ticket for the 1,780-mile flight between Atlanta and New York City is only $160. Lowering the cost of flights could create a more affordable transportation option for those living in rural communities. Donald Trump has proposed slashing government subsidies for rural airports, which could force some to close, cutting off rural inhabitants from access to air travel. Zunum pulls toward a different trend. Zunum expects its planes to carry about 50 passengers using electricity from batteries mounted in the wings. Kumar expects the first prototype of his electric airplane to be ready in about two years. Progress is a curious thing. First we hear of an idea and think it’s crazy. An electric airplane? Yeah, as if. Then, suddenly, news of electric airplanes is everywhere. Just a few days ago, we reported on a British startup that plans to make an electric airplane that carries 100 passengers. It, too, is designed for short-haul flights and has attracted attention from industry giant Airbus. The same thing happened with electric cars. In 2007, we all thought Elon Musk was some wild-eyed lunatic. Today, Tesla is worth more than Ford and nearly as much as General Motors. The odds are getting better that people will be flying in electric airplanes within the next 5 years or so. Amazing. Source: Quartz Buy a cool T-shirt or mug in the CleanTechnica store!   Keep up to date with all the hottest cleantech news by subscribing to our (free) cleantech daily newsletter or weekly newsletter, or keep an eye on sector-specific news by getting our (also free) solar energy newsletter, electric vehicle newsletter, or wind energy newsletter. Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to Press This! (Opens in new window) Tags: electric airplanes, hybrid airplanes, JetBlue, Kirkland, Washington, Zunum About the Author Steve Hanley writes about the interface between technology and sustainability from his home in Rhode Island. You can follow him on Google + and on Twitter. Related Posts Electric Plane Using Siemens Motor Sets 2 New Speed Records → Video Of Siemens Electric Plane With 260 kW Motor → Jury Nullification Results In Hung Jury For Climate Activist → California Has ~50% Of US Electric Cars → Back to Top ↑ ▲ 37 ... Followers Follow ▲ 114 ... Fans Like ... Subscribers Subscribe ... Fans Follow ... Followers Follow ... Fan Love Advertisement Click here to sponsor CleanTechnica. Bring your brand to millions of readers every month. Advertisement Top Stories On CleanTechnica 74% Increase In Electric Car Sales In US — March & Q1 2017 Electric Car Sales Report Are These Renderings The Next-Gen Nissan LEAF? Chrysler Pacifica Hybrid Rocks It, Lives Up To Fuel Economy Rating 746 Electric Vehicles Parade In Netherlands — A New Record? Record 2016 Renewable Energy Levels Came 23% Cheaper Than 2015 Why Do High-End Tesla Model S & X Dominate US Electric Car Sales? (38% of Q1 2017 US Electric Car Sales) Advertisement CleanTechnica T-Shirts! 30 Electric Car Benefits 10 Top Solar Facts Cost of Solar Panels Wind & Solar Prices Beat Fossils Advantages of Solar Power 7 Reasons Why Solar & Wind Win 50 Tips For Trolling EVs 44 Tips For Trolling Solar CleanTechnica Answer Box 47 Top CleanTechnica Interviews Our Electric Car Reviews Tesla Model 3 FAQ … Answered! CleanTechnica Electric Car Report Email Address Join The Solar Revolution! Search the IM Network CleanTechnica is the #1 cleantech-focused news & analysis website in the US & the world, focusing primarily on electric cars, solar energy, wind energy, & energy storage. It is part of Important Media -- a network of 20 progressive blogs working to make the world a better, greener place. The content produced by this site is for entertainment purposes only. Opinions and comments published on this site may not be sanctioned by, and do not necessarily represent the views of Sustainable Enterprises Media, Inc., its owners, sponsors, affiliates, or subsidiaries. Follow @cleantechnica © 2016   Sustainable Enterprises Media, Inc. CleanTechnica Store Go Solar! Electric Cars Solar Power 100% Renewable Energy? RSS Sponsor A Post Advertise Back to Top ↑ Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Special Offer for Philly.com Readers / Get The Philadelphia Inquirer and Daily News Special Offer for Philly.com Readers News Sports Business Health Entertainment Food Opinion Real Estate Obits Search icon SectionsClose Search Search Search Search icon News Latest Pennsylvania New Jersey Politics Education Special Reports Sports Eagles Phillies Flyers Sixers Union College High School Entertainment Celebs & Gossip Things to Do TV Movies Arts Puzzles Comics Business Cars Jobs Health Biz Philly Deals Real Estate Small Business Investing Health Kids' Health Running Nutrition Sports Medicine Food Clean Plates Craig LaBan The Insider Opinion Blogs Columnists Letters Lifestyle Home & Design Sex & Dating Style Travel Marketplace Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers Online All Classifieds People Births Celebrations Engagements Obituaries Death Notices Your Day Event Calendar PMN Events Horoscope Lottery Weather Newsletters Advertise Contact Us Permissions Reprints Powered By Inquirer logo Subscribe Daily News logo Subscribe business — Chris Mondics Do Piper airplanes break up in midair, as a dozen lawsuits assert? Updated: April 7, 2017 — 6:00 AM EDT Facebook icon 0Share Twitter icon Tweet Tumblr icon Tumblr Mail icon Email Comment icon 0 Comment Reprints & Permissions REPRINTS Popular Stories Prep-school teacher took boys on trips for camping, skiing — and abuse Apr 7 - 5:09 PM Eagles' 2011 draft featured a bust at the top Apr 7 - 10:04 AM by Chris Mondics, STAFF WRITER Twitter icon @cmondics | Mail icon cmondics@phillynews.com Close icon Mail icon Email Twitter icon @cmondics Phone icon 215-854-5957 Chris Mondics Staff Writer Chris Mondics is the legal affairs writer and writes the "Law Review" column for the Inquirer. He previously served as a Washington correspondent for the newspaper, where he focused on investigative reporting, health care, and political and national security coverage.     More by Chris Mondics Coleman remembered as a pivotal figure in politics and the law Apr 7 Do Piper airplanes break up in midair, as a dozen lawsuits assert? Apr 4 Ballard lawyers strike bigger deal for U.S. women's hockey team Apr 6 More from Chris Mondics Arrow icon The sky was overcast and temperatures were in the 40s on that dreary day in November when Mary Ann Renick, her daughter Desiree, 8, and friend Barbara Lane took off from Boston for a three-and-a-half-hour flight home to Clarksburg, West Virginia. Renick, a single mother who before that day never had flown, was anxious to get home. She and her daughter had traveled to Boston to discuss surgery for Desiree to correct her cleft palate. They were on a so-called angel flight, in which private pilots fly needy patients to distant medical appointments for free. Ninety minutes into the flight, the reverie was shattered by three violent bumps, Renick later recalled. Suddenly, the plane was coming apart at 10,000 feet, and wind was roaring through the passenger compartment. Renick reached desperately for Desiree while fighting against her seatbelt, which had wound around her neck and begun to strangle her. “I kept struggling and struggling,” Renick said. “I knew I was going to die.” But Renick and pilot Rolf Mielzarek survived when part of the plane’s passenger compartment, left wing and engine landed in a tree, leaving Renick suspended high above the ground. Her daughter and friend weren’t so lucky; both died from injuries sustained in the crash. Wreckage was strewn over an area two miles long and a half mile wide. Afterwards, the National Transportation Safety Board found that the plane's front nose assembly broke apart mid-flight, causing the crash in Lehman Township in the Poconos on Nov. 6, 1996.  But it wasn't the only Piper to breakup mid flight over the years. The plane that Renick and her daughter flew in is one of hundreds of Piper Aircraft planes that have disintegrated midflight due to a design flaw the company has refused to acknowledge and correct, charge a team of Philadelphia plaintiffs’ lawyers who have filed more than a dozen lawsuits against the company. The lawyers say a moveable tail wing called a stabilator, which tilts up and down to aid the pilot in climbing or descending, is the cause of the crashes, and that Piper has sought to conceal the design defect by settling lawsuits with a stipulation that parties not discuss settlement details. Because the Piper stabilator is weakly reinforced, it is uniquely vulnerable to a self-reinforcing vibration called divergent flutter that can pulse through the entire aircraft and within seconds cause it to break apart. The lawyers contend that each crash exhibits the telltale signs of 45 degree folds in the horizontal stabilator, which occur as the stabilator first vibrates and then bends under stress. The bending destroys the plane's aerodynamics, causing it to plummet from the sky.  “We have had a number of experts look at this and all of them say the structure is too light and allows it to bend and change its airfoil,” said Arthur Wolk, whose Center City-based firm has won more than $1 billion in jury verdicts and settlements in aviation lawsuits. “It is my view that given the history of these airplanes, the stabilator needs to go. If you have an engineering flaw, it will always rear its ugly head until you fix it.” Piper maintains there is no merit to Wolk’s allegations and that its aircraft are safe. The National Transportation Safety Board has filed reports on more than 200 midair break ups of Piper Cherokee, Saratoga and Seneca aircraft since the 1970s and in the vast majority of cases found pilot error was the cause. One common scenario, according to the NTSB: the pilot flew into or near bad weather, causing the aircraft to break apart. The only safety concern raised by the Federal Aviation Administration was contained in a 2013 airworthiness directive requiring owners to check cable tension on ailerons, elevators and other flight control surfaces of the aircraft. But Piper points out that the NTSB never once has found that a design defect was the cause of a crash of these planes. "All Piper aircraft are certified by the FAA," said Piper spokeswoman, Jacqueline Carlon. "We are unaware of any lawsuit against Piper in which this supposed "divergent flutter problem" has been identified by the NTSB as the cause of the accident. If the NTSB or the FAA thought there was such a problem, they would surely communicate it to the public." The NTSB findings are viewed with skepticism by Wolk, himself an expert pilot certified to fly military jets who contends the NTSB is in the thrall of aircraft manufacturers to objectively examine the causes of aircraft mishaps. “As long as the National Transportation Safety Board continues to have the aircraft manufacturer as a party to the investigation, pilot error will always be the primary probable cause,” says Wolk, who flies his own Eclipse 500 twin engine jet once a month to California, where he has a second home. Wolk is known as a tough litigator who doesn’t shy away from difficult cases. He represented families of victims of the USAir flight 427 crash in Pittsburgh on Sept. 8, 1994 that claimed 132 lives. Wolk lobbied hard for the NTSB to find that a flaw in the plane's rudder system caused the crash, while Boeing, manufacturer of the Boeing 737 that went down, argued pilot error was responsible. The NTSB eventually blamed the rudder. “He is a guy who has to be taken absolutely seriously because he will do and spend whatever is necessary to prepare the case fully,” says Ralph Wellington, a partner at Schnader Harrison Segal & Lewis, who as a corporate defense lawyer has tried multiple cases against Wolk. “He does not do anything by the seat of his pants.” Lawyers like Wolk for years have been the bane of the general aviation industry, which after hitting a high in 1978 of about 18,000 aircraft manufactured declined to producing just under 1,000 planes in 1994. Piper, which for years manufacturered planes in Lock Haven but closed down all its facilities in Pennsylvania by the early 1980s, also was caught up in the decline, going in and out of bankruptcy. It was a stunning fall for company that once was an industry leader and whose planes were used to train most U.S. world war two military pilots. It is now owned by the government of Brunei, a tiny oil- and gas-rich nation on the north coast of the island of Borneo, and headquartered in Vero Beach, Florida. In 2016, it had sales of just over $150 million. INDUSTRY LEADER HERE????? Industry leaders in part blame the decline on civil litigation and lobbied Congress successfully to pass the 1994 General Aviation Industry Recover Act, signed by President Clinton, which barred lawsuits against manufacturers for design defects on aircraft older than 18 years. One of the drafters of the bill, Victor Schwartz, then general counsel to the General Aviation Manufacturers Association, said liability insurance premiums in the late 1970s and 1980s came close to destroying the industry. As manufacturers produced fewer and fewer planes, the soaring insurance costs were spread across a declining number of unit sales, and foreign manufacturers not faced with the same lawsuit exposure swooped in to scoop up market share. “It was putting the companies out of business,” Schwartz said. Wolk says many of the accidents he’s litigated occurred in good flying conditions and he contends the possibility of pilot error was remote. Such was the case in 2013 crash of a Piper Seneca near Johnstown, New York following a break. The pilot who also was flying passengers on an angel flight, took pains to avoid inclement weather during the flight, said the lawsuit against Piper and other defendants. The breakup of another Piper Seneca near Castro Verde Portugal in 2009 also occurred during good weather, another lawsuit charges. An instructor and two student pilots were flying in clear weather at night when their aircraft disintegrated. Portuguese aviation authorities later concluded that a phenomenon known as runaway trim caused the pilot, who had not been trained to deal with the problem, to lose control. But an expert working for the plaintiffs said in an affidavit that the aircraft likely crashed because its stabilator had failed. “The accident is simply a repeat of many in-flight breakup events that have occurred in scores of times in the same manner [i.e. loss of pitch control, loss of stabilator, bending or shedding of wings and destruction of the fuselage of a stabilator equipped Piper airplane],” said Douglas O’Herlihy, a former NTSB air crash investigator and Coast Guard pilot with more than 17,000 hours of flying experience in an affidavit. In-flight breakups, though rare, are typically catastrophic and only a few, like Renick and Mazierek, have survived. Another survivor was test pilot Sherman Hall, also an expert for Wolk, who gives a harrowing account of the breakup of his stabilator equipped Seneca on Dec. 27, 1976, which he survived because he was equipped with a parachute. Hall says that during the test flight to probe for flutter tolerances he took the plane to 25,000 feet, high above the Cascade Mountain range in Washington state, pulsing the controls periodically to gauge the aircraft performance. The aircraft was in trim, meaning that its pitch and bank were well under control by the pilot, and all was functioning normally. Suddenly, he said, “it was like an explosion.” The nose of the plane pitched downward, both wings sheared off, part of the tail section and rear door were gone, and the windshields had blown out. As the plane plummeted toward earth, gravity pinned Hall to the ceiling of the cabin, or what was left of it, and the violent shaking tore off his helmet. Cold air, minus 40 degrees Fahrenheit, blew into the cockpit. Then, as suddenly as it had begun, the violent shaking stopped. Hall unbuckled his seatbelt, slipped through the cockpit door and began falling at about 20,000 feet as he pulled the cord on his parachute. “I opened my chute immediately, which could have been fatal,” he wrote. “As my chute opened, an engine with a section of wing came by from above. I can still see that engine clearly in my mind. The prop was feathered and the engine was running.” As Hall floated high above the Cascades’ snow capped peaks, he felt “awed by the destructive disintegration of that aircraft and my survival. There were small light pieces of aluminum, fabric and insulation floating down all around me. In any direction, I looked, it was like confetti.” Hall was soon on the ground. With his parachute rolled up under his arm, he stuck out his thumb and hitchhiked a ride home. Few have been so lucky.      Read more by Chris Mondics Published: April 7, 2017 — 6:00 AM EDT Thanks for your continued support... We recently asked you to support our journalism. The response, in a word, is heartening. You have encouraged us in our mission — to provide quality news and watchdog journalism. Some of you have even followed through with subscriptions, which is especially gratifying. Our role as an independent, fact-based news organization has never been clearer. And our promise to you is that we will always strive to provide indispensable journalism to our community. Subscriptions are available for home delivery of the print edition and for a digital replica viewable on your mobile device or computer. Subscriptions start as low as 25¢ per day. We're thankful for your support in every way. We encourage respectful comments but reserve the right to delete anything that doesn't contribute to an engaging dialogue Help us moderate this thread by flagging comments that violate our guidelines Commenting policy | Comments FAQ Comment policy: Philly.com comments are intended to be civil, friendly conversations. Please treat other participants with respect and in a way that you would want to be treated. You are responsible for what you say. And please, stay on topic. If you see an objectionable post, please report it to us using the "Report Abuse" option. Please note that comments are monitored by Philly.com staff. We reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable. Personal attacks, especially on other participants, are not permitted. We reserve the right to permanently block any user who violates these terms and conditions. Additionally comments that are long, have multiple paragraph breaks, include code, or include hyperlinks may not be posted. Load comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Continue Reading More in business Transportation SEPTA still filing rough edges on Key fare system Commercial Real Estate Meeting-space chain Convene expands at United Plaza after acquiring the Hub ComcastNation Analysts like Comcast's new cellphone because it's not risking much Philly startup SocialLadder wins “best management team” from N.J. Tech Council SocialLadder, a Philly-based startup, enables live events to promote and sell tickets through its peer-to-peer marketing platform. It has been... Spain-based animal-vaccine maker HIPRA picks S. Jersey for N. American HQ PennEast gas pipeline clears a big regulatory hurdle Cheap cell phones, better-sounding TVs and other great gizmos for seniors A life coach gives tips to create your next career Ballard lawyers strike bigger deal for U.S. women's hockey team Sunoco is selling most of its convenience stores to 7-Eleven Comcast plunges again into cell phone service. Can it overcome past failures? Philly.com logo is powered by Inquirer logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Daily News logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Twitter icon @phillydotcom Facebook icon /phillydotcom News & Info News Sports Entertainment Business Health Food Lifestyle Opinion Event Calendar Archives Marketplace Deals Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers All Classifieds About us About Philly.com Advertise Contact Us Licensing & Permissions Photo Reprints Newspapers In Education Career Opportunities Internships Acel Moore Workshop   Mobile Apps Email Notifications Morning headlines Eagles This Week Things To Do Dining In and Out Sports Business Health Lifestyle PMN Events Show all ▾ Show some ▾ © Copyright 2017 Philadelphia Media Network (Digital), LLC Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
EDITION: Int 'l International Int 'l Bahrain BAH Kuwait KUW Oman OMN Qatar QAT Saudi Arabia KSA United Arab Emirates UAE YOU ARE NOT LOGGED IN: Services Log in Not registered? Register now! Username: Password: Remember me on this computer Login Help, I forgot my username and/or password Retrieve password form We can only send passwords to the e-mail address you're registered with. If you can not remember it, or have any other problem, please e-mail registration@arabianbusiness.com Registered e-mail adress: Retrieve password Need to register? Click here Services: Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Site News Bar Subscriptions Media Information Contact Us LANGUAGE: بالعربية All Articles Videos Photos Companies People Home GCC Bahrain Kuwait Oman Qatar Saudi Arabia UAE Loading... Industries Banking & Finance Construction Education Energy Healthcare Media Real Estate Retail Technology more Transport Travel & Hospitality Loading... Markets Equities Commodities Currencies Market Data Companies A-Z Loading... Opinion Comment Reader Comments AB Cafe Loading... Interviews Banking & Finance Construction Culture & Society Education Energy Healthcare Media Politics Real Estate more Retail Sport Technology Travel & Hospitality Transport Loading... Photos Loading... Videos Loading... Lists Loading... Lifestyle Wellness Arts Cars & Boats Gourmet Gadgets Sport Travel Style Loading... StartUp Loading... CEO Loading... Company News Loading... Property News Listings Property Index Loading... Banking & Finance Construction Education Energy Healthcare Media Real Estate Retail Technology Transport Travel & Hospitality UAE biofuel research facility to begin first harvest in June Plan involves having the harvested oil refined to jet fuel and used on an Etihad Airways flight Article Photos By Staff writer Friday, 7 April 2017 12:32 AM The world's first research facility to grow both food and fuel, using desert lands irrigated by seawater, will begin its first harvest in June. The biomass will be harvested and the oil extracted from the seeds. The plan is to have this oil refined to jet fuel and used on an Etihad Airways flight, a statement said. The announcement comes as Peter Baumgartner, CEO of Etihad Airways, and Mohammad Al Bulooki, executive vice president commercial, joined Scott Fancher, Boeing senior vice president, at the integrated seawater and agriculture system facility within Masdar City to check on the project’s progress. The facility, which uses seawater and natural fertiliser from aquaculture to grow plant biomass which can be converted into aviation fuel, is the flagship project of the Sustainable Bioenergy Research Consortium led by the Masdar Institute with members including Etihad Airways, Boeing, Takreer, GE and Safran. Operations started on a two-hectare site in Masdar City in Abu Dhabi earlier this year. If the technology proves viable at this smaller-scale, further expansion will continue with the ultimate ambition to scale up to a 200-hectare demonstration site. The goal of the research facility is to demonstrate the viability of an integrated bioenergy production system with respect to essential food and fuel production, suitable land use, reduced carbon emissions and wastewater clean-up. Follow @ArabianBusiness Related: Stories UAE launches world's first food and fuel research facility Cultivating a sustainable future in the Gulf Abu Dhabi appoints new CEO for Masdar UAE's Masdar invest $300m in Jordan solar power project Galleries A peek into Abu Dhabi's Masdar City Companies Etihad Airways Masdar Boeing Company Also in Energy Thousands of UAE farms to be supplied free water Kuwait is best off, Nigeria worst in 2017 oil break-even prices Also in UAE Dubai summit to address safety issues posed by drones UAE food giant completes deal for Saudi water business Join the Discussion Disclaimer:The view expressed here by our readers are not necessarily shared by Arabian Business, its employees, sponsors or its advertisers. NOTE: Comments posted on arabianbusiness.com may be printed in the magazine Arabian Business Please post responsibly. Commenter Rules No comments yet, be the first! Add your comment (1000 characters left) 
 Your name: Email address:(will not be published) Country: All comments are subject to approval before appearing Submit Further reading Boeing Company Get E-Mail Alerts Energy Get E-Mail Alerts Etihad Airways Get E-Mail Alerts Masdar Get E-Mail Alerts Technology Get E-Mail Alerts Transport Get E-Mail Alerts 100 Most Powerful Arabs Under 40 - Top 5 from Lebanon »           View complete list Photo Galleries Videos Arabic restaurants with entertainment in Dubai Apps every Dubai business person could use Where to get the best caffeine fix in Dubai Revealed: The Saudi bloggers to watch in 2017 Expert skincare tips for brides to be 7 Dubai apartments with sea and city views In pictures: UEFA Champions League Trophy Tour under way in Egypt In pictures: Trump welcomes King Abdullah II of Jordan In pictures: Queen Rania tours Washington school with Melania Trump In pictures: Emirates Red Crescent delivers humanitarian aid to displaced Iraqi In pictures: British PM arrives in Saudi Arabia In pictures: Art-restaurant hybrid coming to d3 Stunning buildings from around the world revealed through Sony Photo Competition In pictures: Palestinian women's national football team In pictures: Trump receives Egypt's Sisi at the White House In pictures: Bombing at St. Petersburg subway Video: Qatar 2022 'Progress made on worker rights' Video: Which billionaire will get to the moon first? Video: Rare emeralds discovered in shipwreck set to fetch millions Video: Hydrogen powered vehicles could be the future Emirates has a genius way to get around laptop ban Video: A day in the life of Emirates' Airbus A380 fleet Video: The coolest sport in the desert playing Ice Hockey in Dubai Video: Pink Star diamond sets new world record Video: Saudi comedienne goes viral Video: New ancient Egyptian pyramid discovered Video: A truck that turns fuel into water Video: Apple premium TV bundle in the works? Video: Elon Musk taunts Tesla shortsellers in new tweet Video: Saudi dad fights autism through hip-hop Video: Egypt's President Sisi to meet Donald Trump Video: Bob Dylan collects Nobel Prize award Features & Analysis Natural solution: Saudi's renewed plans meet growing energy demands Saudi Arabia has long toyed with the renewable energy sector... Power to the people in Saudi Arabia As Saudi Arabia fights to control surging electricity demand... The upstream movement: Oil producers must invest to avoid another crisis While oil producers continue to debate a reduction in output... Most Popular Read Photos Videos Commented 1. Payment delays set to ease in Saudi Arabia, says credit insurer Coface 2. Oman Air says to launch daily flights to Manchester 3. Saudi Arabia 'fully backs' US air strike on Syrian airbase 1. Arabic restaurants with entertainment in Dubai 2. Apps every Dubai business person could use 1. Video: Rare emeralds discovered in shipwreck set to fetch millions 2. Video: UN urged to take action on Syria’s chemical attacks 3. Review: Lincoln MKZ 2017 1. UAE radio stations relaunched after closure 2. Emirates launches free tablets service after US electronics ban 3. UAE mall footfalls rise, but e-commerce gaining pace 4. Cloud seeding to increase in lead up to Dubai Expo 2020 5. Rain or shine, Dubai motorists drive the same: poorly Most Discussed 24 hrs 7 days 4 weeks 11 Dubai mulls cut to speed limits on major highways Good points Big Bad Dom, the issue is poor education and lack of any kind of lane strategy. How many drivers here sit in the "middle" lane, regardless... more Monday, 3 April 2017 8:34 AM - Ricardo 10 UAE radio stations relaunched after closure I would also like to point out that according to Radio 2 it seems as though there are roughly 25-30 songs to have been released throughout the entire 70... more Thursday, 6 April 2017 1:11 PM - KDXB 5 Smoke from fire near Dubai Mall billows over city Shanti has a valid concern, the spate of recent fires raises real safety concerns for residents, but Civilian Safety departments have done a good job... more Monday, 3 April 2017 12:27 PM - Zemin Rofoldo Read all user comments » 56 Tell me again exactly how Dubai has hurt you? "Ask not what Dubai can do for you, ask what you can do for Dubai" (with apologies to JFK) more Sunday, 26 March 2017 8:30 AM - Tony Gray 19 Telephone banking in Dubai is about as frustrating as it gets Yes right, banking services here are not up to levels of developed countries let alone telephone services, but great deal of effort is visible in improving... more Sunday, 26 March 2017 4:42 PM - Diya Pardasani 13 Welcome to the life of one of the UAE’s defence and real estate moguls He does participate in philanthropic activities. I looked it up. more Sunday, 26 March 2017 12:36 PM - Anthony Wilson Read all user comments » Visit other ITP Media Group sites AhlanLive.com ArabianBusiness.com/Arabic ArabianBusiness.com/Jobs ArabianBusiness.com/property ArabianIndustry.com ArabianOilAndGas.com ArabianSupplyChain.com ArabianTravelNews.net AviationBusinessME.com CommsMEA.com ConstructionWeekOnline.com ConstructionWeekOnline.in DesignMENA.com DigitalStudiome.com HotelierIndia.com HotelierMiddleeast.com ITP.com ITP.net (English / Arabic) Khabarkhaleeji.com Masala.com TimeOutAbuDhabi.com TimeOutBahrain.com TimeOutDubai.com (English / Arabic) TimeOutDoha.com TimeoutTickets.com Utilities-ME.com VivaMagazine.ae Associated Events Arabian Business Conference Arabian Business Kuwait Awards Architect Awards Arabian Business Awards, KSA, 2010 Arabian Business Women’s Forum CEO Middle East Awards CW Awards FM Awards Hotelier Awards MEP Awards StartUp Academy Supply Chain and Transport Awards Time Out Dubai Nightlife Awards Time Out Restaurant Awards (Abu Dhabi / Dubai) Subscriptions Magazines E-newsletters RSS Feeds » Banking & Finance Construction Travel & Hospitality Real Estate Technology Energy Media Retail Healthcare Education Transport Topics Topics Press Releases All Press Releases Tenders in the Middle East Tenders in the Middle East Join us on Published by & © 2017 ITP Digital Media Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy policy Terms of use Contact us Subscribe Media kit Advertise With Us Press Releases
Menu Search here Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events All events 20 April 2017. 6pm 09 May 2017. 6pm 18 May 2017. 6pm Highlights All Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Mining All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Tech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Sign-Up Login Watch us Like us Follow us Pro NA Pro AU Fuller Treacy Money Stocktube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Pro NAPro AU Pro HK FULLER TREACY MONEY StockTube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Sign up UNITED KINGDOM USA Australia Germany China Login × Login Email Password Sign in Did you forget your password? Click here for recovery Or login using... × Send Email To: * Separate multiple addresses with commas. From: Name: Please send me a copy Message: Verification code: * Enter the code from above Send × Preferences Profile Password Edit your personal details Email First Name Last Name Mobile/Cell Home/Daytime Work Gender Male Female Hometown Primary Country Corporate Website I want to get marketing materials from Proactive Investors More about yourself Tell us a little bit about you and your interests Occupation Portfolio Size No portfolio €1 - €49,000 €50,000 - €99,000 €100,000 - €499,000 €500,000 - €1,000,000 +€1000,000 Interest (You can select more then one) General Interest Educational Private Investor Professional Investor Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Manager Public Relations Financial Services Broker Media / Press Change your password Password Password Repeat × Contact Support Your email: * Problematic page url * Message * Verification code Enter the code from above * Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events 20 April 2017. 6pm 09 May 2017. 6pm 18 May 2017. 6pm × Advanced Search Keyword Search by CHANNEL SECTOR MARKET AUTHOR Energy Mining Pharma & Biotech Tech In Focus Aerospace Aerospace & Defense Agribusiness Automobiles & Parts Banks Basic Materials Beverages Broadcasting & Entertainment Building Material & Fixtures Business Support Services Capital Goods Chemicals Cleantech and Renewable Energy Clothing & Footwear Computer Hardware Computer Services Construction & Materials Consumer Finance Consumer Services Diamonds & Gemstones Education Electronic & Electrical Equipment Energy Engineering Equity Instruments ETF - Exchange-Traded Fund Exploration & Production Financial Financial Admin Food & Beverages Food & Drug Retailers Forestry & Paper Furnishings Gambling General Financials General Industry General Mining General Mining - Coal General Mining - Copper General Mining - Diamonds & Gemstones General Mining - Gold General Mining - Iron Ore and Bauxite General Mining - Lithium General Mining - Moly, Chrome, Tungsten & Manganese General Mining - Nickel and Cobalt General Mining - Platinum Group Metals General Mining - Potash and Phosphate General Mining - Rare Earth Minerals General Mining - Silver General Mining - Uranium & Lithium General Mining - Zinc, Lead and Tin General Retailers Gold Mining Growth Companies Health Care, Equipment & Services Industrial Machinery Industrial Metals Industrial Suppliers Insurance Integrated Oil & Gas Internet Internet Investment Funds & Companies Investment Services IT Hardware Leisure Manufacturing Media & Publishing Medical Cannabis Mining Mobile Communications Multiutilities Nonequity Investment Instruments Oil & Gas Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Other Industry News Personal Products Pharma & Biotech Pharmaceuticals Platinum & Precious Metals Real Estate Real Estate Holding & Development Recreational Services Renewable Energy Restaurants, pubs Semiconductors Software & Computer Services Specialty Chemicals Specialty Finance Specialty Retailers Sports Support Services Tech Technology Hardware & Equipment Telecommunications Equipment Telecoms Telecoms services Transportation Travel Leisure Travel, Leisure & Hospitality Utilities All UK Markets All North American Markets PRIVATE AIM OTCQB PINK TMP AMEX LSE PLUS ASX TSX JSE NASDAQ FRA TSX-V OTCBB KRX OTC FFT NYSE XETRA ISE MCE CSE COLOMBO NASDAQ OMX OSL GXG GSX NSX NEX OTCMKTS EPA SGX Frankfurt Code NYSEMKT ETR HKG AEX Ian Mclelland Craig Ribton Ian Lyall Philip Whiterow Sam Kiri Ruth Gemmell Andrew McCrea John Phillips John Harrington Deborah Bacal Carrie Howes Brian Keane Peter Murray Jamie Ashcroft Giles Gwinnett Northland Capital Deborah Sterescu Charlotte Kan Anwar Ali Bevis Yeo Mourad Haroutunian Gordon Aldcorn Alessandro Bruno Jane Sully Jackie Steinitz Steve Asfour Natasha Barr Proactive Investors John McGoldrick SP Angel HB Markets Ransquawk Fuller Treavy Galvan Trader Talk Hybridan Fox-Davies Fat Prophets Alistair Strang Edison's weekly research summary The Naked Trader Keith Heddle Michael Millar Angus Warren Beaufort Securities Markets At A Glance Sprott Group Susan McKenzie Charlotte Kan Leigh Bolton Adam Sheldrake Sophie Barrowman Emma Milton Northland Capital IG Group Malcolm Graham-Wood Nick Huber Nicola Brown Andrew Neil Shard Capital Damon Heath Gareth Burchell Juliet Mann Jon Hopkins Accendo Markets Sarah Lowther Greg Watson Nigel Roberts . Fuller Treacy Money Philip Waller Jonathan Jones Alastair Ford Glen Jones Thomas Coleman Stewart Dalby Eithne Treanor RFC Ambrian Ben Marlow Richard Embrey Ebiquity Kieron Hodgson Stefania Barbaglio Sasha Sethi Jeremy Naylor Jamie Nimmo Carrie White George Matlock Josh Allsopp Tom Howard VSA Capital George Matlock Charles Breese Roger Lawson Andrew Scott Jonathon Narvey Jonathon Narvey Angela Kean Christine Feary Andre Lamberti Jeff Coote Sergei Balashov Brad Lemaire Joyanta Acharjee Olivia D'Orazio Jon Mainwaring Ross Louthean, Mineweb.net Fiona MacDonald Erin Sugar Richard Badauskas Metals Place Kam Patel Julie Crust Chris Shaw Dorothy Kosich Stephen Feldman Jon Hopkins Tip Tv Renae Dyer The Naked Fund Manager Lionel Therond Ed Stacey James Dolman James Eginton Sam Catalano Ed Birkin Andy Brown Fahad Changazi Zak Mir Dr. Riccardo Lowi Eugene Gallagher David Eaton Youssef Essaegh Highlights Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Mining Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Tech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Home Research Guardian CFDs Newspaper Briefing In the Papers - Unilever, Spotify, BP, Ford Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version 09:18 07 Apr 2017 Newspaper Summary The Times Lights go out for General Electric bulbs: The U.S. conglomerate is looking to sell its consumer lighting division, which makes bulbs for lamps and car headlights, as well as fluorescent strip lighting for the home. The price tag has been put at $500 million. Unilever crafts new structure to deter future takeover bids: Kraft Heinz may only have parked its tanks on Unilever’s lawn for less than 72 hours but the after effects of its failed £115 billion takeover attempt could be felt for years to come. Spotify to offer investors $10 billion shares download: Spotify, the world’s most popular music streaming service, is considering a direct listing of its shares on an American stock exchange this year with a target valuation of $10 billion, it emerged. Hire purchase firm told to get its house in order: One of the biggest operators in the hire purchase market has said the financial regulator has given it about a year to get its house in order amid concerns about eye-watering costs and a lack of transparency for consumers. Mum’s the word as retail remains flat: British retailers have failed to grow sales for the fourth month in a row as challenging conditions on the high street continue. Mothercare is all grown up online: Demand for pushchairs, baby toys and maternity wear online has helped to nurture signs of a recovery at Mothercare. It said U.K. online sales rose 13.6% in the 11 weeks to March 25, its fourth quarter. Bournville’s sweet after £75 million boost: The American owner of Cadbury hit back at critics of the takeover of the British confectionery group by saying that investment in the Bournville factory had secured it as the home of its global chocolate empire “for a generation”. The Independent BP slashes CEO’s pay by 40% amid shareholder protest: Oil major BP has slashed CEO Bob Dudley’s pay packet by 40% for 2016 and cut the amount that he can pocket in future, in response to shareholder protest. Non-stop flights to Australia from London likely 'in the next 5 years': Australia's national carrier Qantas is hoping to offer non-stop flights from London to Sydney within the next five years, thanks to new aviation technology from Boeing and Airbus. Norwegian Airlines launches low-cost flights to Seattle and Denver: The low-cost airline, Norwegian, has stepped up its battle against the existing transatlantic airlines by announcing two new routes from Gatwick to the U.S. Ford to launch plug-in electric car in China to combat smog: Ford said it would launch a plug-in hybrid car in China in 2018 and a fully electric sport-utility vehicle in the next five years, as it works toward electrifying most of its lineup in the world's biggest auto market by 2025. Bezos is selling $1 billion a year in Amazon stock to finance space race: Standing against the backdrop of his New Shepard rocket booster and a full-scale mock capsule for carrying humans into space, Jeff Bezos revealed Wednesday that he was selling about $1 billion in Amazon stock a year to finance his Blue Origin rocket company. Standard Life considers making Dublin its EU hub because of Brexit: Standard Life, which is merging with Aberdeen Asset Management to create a £650 billion giant, is considering making Dublin its new hub inside the EU as it prepares for the U.K. to lose easy access to the single market, the firm’s Chairman said. Deliveroo, Uber, Amazon accused over 'exploitative' contracts: Deliveroo, Uber and Amazon have been getting gig-economy workers to sign “unintelligible” contracts that seem designed to stop them asserting their rights, a committee of MPs has ruled. Chinese millennials twice as likely to own a home as young Brits: Chinese millennials are more than twice as likely to own a home as their U.K. counterparts; new research has shown. Two former Barclays bankers acquitted of Libor-rigging charges after retrial: Two former Barclays bankers have been cleared by jurors over allegations they plotted to rig Libor, the mechanism used to set interest rates. The Daily Telegraph Dominic Chappell told to aid BHS inquiry: Dominic Chappell, the former owner of BHS, is being hauled to court by the Insolvency Service for failing to co-operate with its inquiry into the retail chain’s collapse. Feelunique accelerates French expansion with Beautyst buy: The French have always been better-known for beauty than the British. Dior, L'Oréal, Chanel - they're all French brands. Even the word 'beauty' comes from the Old French 'beaute'. And now British firms are making the most of the French 'savoir-faire'. Uber-rival Lyft valued at over $7 billion in fundraising: Ride-hailing firm Lyft has raised around $500 million (£400 million) in a funding round that would value the group at $7.5 billion (£6 billion). Mike Ashley-backed Findel fills Chief exec job for first time since 2015: Mike Ashley-backed online and catalogue retailer Findel has filled its Chief Executive seat for the first time since its previous head Roger Siddle stepped down in 2015. Liberty owner sews up needle market with Wool & the Gang deal: The owner of the Liberty department store has taken an €80 million (£68 million) bet on the burgeoning crafts and embroidery market by putting together a 137-year spinning company and a nine-year old online retailer beloved by model Cara Delevingne. ADHD video-game treatment moves closer to approval as PureTech steps up pipeline: A video-game based treatment designed to help sufferers of ADHD could be on the market within two years after passing a key clinical stage in its development, London-listed bio-pharmaceutical company PureTech Health has announced. Serica Energy on the hunt for North Sea deals as cash pile grows: North Sea minnow Serica Energy is on the prowl for a North Sea acquisition as its cash pile continues to grow. The Questor Column: Private equity tends to outperform – buy it at a 14% discount with this trust: There is plenty of evidence that private equity investments outperform the quoted sector over long periods. There are several investment trusts that focus on these assets. The one we’ve chosen, Standard Life Private Equity, adopts a “fund of funds” approach, which means that it selects private equity investment houses rather than choosing actual businesses in which to invest. The Standard Life portfolio is one of the largest holdings in the Unicorn Mastertrust fund, an “open-ended” fund that holds investment trusts. Peter Walls, who runs the Unicorn fund, told Questor: “The Standard Life managers are sensible people who have been in place for a long time and manage many billions of pounds. The Standard Life trust currently trades at a discount of 14.4% to the value of its assets. However, the net asset value figures of trusts that invest in unquoted assets can be out of date in a way that does not arise with more conventional rivals that stick to holdings listed on the stock market. Standard Life Private Equity recently announced that it would boost its dividend by adding some of the proceeds of disposals to the natural income, resulting in a yield of about 4% at the current share price. The ongoing annual charge of 2.33% is high but not unreasonable for a specialist portfolio such as this. Questor says ‘Buy’. Update: P2P Global Investments: P2P Global Investments, which invests in “peer-to-peer” loans and was tipped by Questor as a speculative buy in February, has announced a review of its “investment management arrangements”. Little detail was given, but City experts speculated that this could entail a cut in the fee. Analysts at Numis, the stockbroker, criticised the fee structure and the fund’s failure to pay its income target without resorting to raiding its capital. Questor says ‘Hold, Await Announcement’. The Guardian Ryanair 'will have to suspend U.K. flights' without early Brexit aviation deal: Ryanair has warned it will have to halt flights from the U.K. for “weeks or months” if Theresa May does not seal an early bilateral Brexit deal on international aviation. Low interest rates put global financial sector at risk, IMF warns: A prolonged period of low interest rates will tempt banks to take greater risks and sound the death knell for final salary pensions, the International Monetary Fund has warned. Move over Suez, hello Stad – Norway to build world's first tunnel for ships: Norway plans to build the world’s first tunnel for ships, a 1,700-metre (5,610-ft) passageway burrowed through a piece of rocky peninsula that will allow vessels to avoid a treacherous part of sea. Snack attack! Doritos and Coco Pops among latest products to shrink in U.K.: Doritos, Peperami and Coco Pops are the latest products to fall victim to shrinkflation as rising costs hit food producers. Daily Mail £370 million wiped off education giant Pearson after five profit warnings in four years spook investors: Education giant Pearson saw £370million knocked off its value after analysts slashed their rating for a firm which has posted five profit warnings in four years. Computing parts seller Electrocomponents hopeful profits will beat expectations: Computing parts seller Electrocomponents says it thinks profits for the full-year will beat expectations. I'm defending a great British name: Despite a whopping £19 billion bid from a U.S. rival, the Boss of Dulux refuses to hold takeover talks: Early last month Ton Buchner, the super-fit, dog-loving Chief Executive of the Dutch chemical group that owns Dulux was asked if he'd fancy a coffee with the Boss of a rival firm from the U.S. John Phizackerley, Chief exec, TP Icap, trousers £3.4 million after being handed a 50% pay rise: The Boss of broker TP Icap trousered £3.4million last year – including a 50% pay rise. Unilever Boss remains defiant in the face of overseas buccaneers, says Alex Brummer: Paul Polman has a reputation for embracing grand global causes when a bit more attention to the nitty-gritty of Unilever might have been useful. Daily Express Unilever's Flora auction is a butter-up: Unilever has offered investors a multibillion pound sweetener as it seeks to rally support after rejecting a £115billion takeover from Kraft Heinz. Germany needs to harm its own economy to save euro, top economist claims: Germany must damage its own economy if it truly wants to save the euro from collapsing, a top Greek economist has stated. Gold prices rise as fears of stock market crash take hold: Gold prices have jumped amid growing fears over-inflated stock markets are on the brink of crashing amid a cocktail of risks that includes a key meeting between Donald Trump and Chinese President Jinping Xi. Euro hits three-week low as Mario Draghi gives gloomy ECB outlook: The euro hit a three-week low this morning after European Central Bank President Mario Draghi offered a gloomy outlook on the future of the eurozone. Landlord tax changes come into effect; 'Renting will be more expensive', say critics: Landlord tax changes taking effect from are set to make renting more expensive and heap further pressure on buy-to-let investors, according to critics. The Scottish Herald Cairngorm Brewery in plan for global deals: Cairngorm Brewery has outlined ambitions to widen its distribution into new export markets, with Singapore and Canada the first targets for the Aviemore craft beer business. Tomatin Boss gets Quaich: Stephen Bremner, sales Director at Tomatin Distillery has been inducted into the exclusive Scotch whisky society, The Keepers of the Quaich. Murgitroyd third quarter sales ahead of forecasts: Murgitroyd Group, the trademark and patent law firm has reported a six% increase in third quarter revenue, up six% on the same period last year. FreeAgent revenue beats forecasts: Freeagent, the Edinburgh based software-as-a-service provider has reported revenue of £8 million for the year ending March 2017 as losses narrowed more than expected. Capital’s office vacancy record low: Vacancy levels for office space in Edinburgh have fallen to a new low of 4.5%, according to new research by property consultant JLL. Positive results for Kyowa Kirin: Galashiels-based specialty pharmaceutical company, Kyowa Kirin International, formerly ProStrakan, has announced positive data from two paediatric studies of Burosumab for the treatment of X-linked hypophosphatemia, the most common heritable form of rickets. Marriott to push on with Scottish plans: Global hotel chain Marriott International has reaffirmed its commitment to the Scottish tourism industry by confirming that it is pushing ahead with plans to build seven hotels across three cities in the next four years. Demand for staff holds up in spite of slowdown: Scotland’s jobs market remains robust despite the economy shrinking during the final quarter of 2016. Smart Home concept at the heart of £24 million redevelopment of John Lewis in Edinburgh: John Lewis has revealed that the investment in upgrades to its Edinburgh store will top £24 million as the group looks to make the most of the St James Centre redevelopment. Cairn Energy Chief sees pay surge above £2 million: Cairn Energy Chief Executive Simon Thomson has seen his pay packet rocket by 60% to more than £2 million, but the oil group plans to slash the amount that can be earned through future long-term incentives. The Scotsman Pharma group receives £920k injection: An antibiotic which has been developed in Scotland for the treatment of Clostridium difficile, or C. diff, has moved a step closer to being brought to market following a six-figure cash injection for its developer. Beano Boss appointed new global ambassador for Dundee: It’s one of the most famous products of the City of Discovery, a link between its rich printing heritage and its digital future. Scots racing team creates U.K.’s first electric rally car: It’s a sport associated with revs, noise and litres of burning fuel - but one group of Scots motorsports devotees has sought to “future proof” car rallying for the next generation with the U.K.’s first electric competitive car. Co-op sinks to full-year loss: The Co-operative Group has fallen into the red for the first time since 2013 after writing off the value of its stake in the troubled Co-operative Bank. City A.M. High street sales were flat in March, despite a rise in footfall: High street sales failed to grow for the fourth consecutive month in March, despite an increase in footfall. Victoria's Secret Owner L Brands sees sales fall further: Shares in L Brands, the owner of lingerie brand Victoria’s Secret, surged despite sales falling as a separate division beat analyst estimates. Embrace radical tax decentralisation to help the poor and increase freedom: It's not every day that you hand over a cheque for £50,000 in exchange for a 10-page essay and feel that you have a bargain. More than 75% of businesses face a digital skills shortage, warns British Chambers of Commerce: Companies are facing a shortage of digital skills, according to a survey released by the British Chambers of Commerce. Number of Americans claiming benefits undershoots expectations ahead of crucial non-farm payrolls: The number of Americans claiming unemployment benefit dipped in the last week of March in a further sign of the strong U.S. labour market. . Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version Disclaimer: Any  research has been produced by an independent third party provider.  Further details can be provided on request.  Guardian Stockbrokers Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Services Authority (FSA Ref: 492519). Any report has been prepared using information available from public sources, which are believed to be reliable as at the date of this report.  However, Guardian Stockbrokers, its employees and its independent third party provider make no representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this report.  This report should therefore not be relied on as accurate or complete.  The facts and opinions on this report are subject to change without notice.  Guardian Stockbrokers, its employees and its independent third party provider have no obligation to modify or update this report in the event that any information on this report becomes inaccurate. Any report is prepared for informational purpose only, with no recommendation or solicitation to buy or to sell.  The background of any individual or other investor has not been considered in providing this report.  Individuals and other investors should seek independent financial advice which considers their specific risks, objectives and specific constraints, and make their own informed decisions.  Individuals and other investors should note that investing in shares carries a degree of risk and the value of investments can go up or down.  Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance.   Investments should be made with regard to an investor’s total portfolio.  Guardian Stockbrokers, its independent third party provider and its employees make no representation or guarantee with regard to any investment noted on this report, and shall therefore not be liable with regard to any loss.   No investment advice The Company is a publisher and is not registered with or authorised by the Financial Services Authority (FSA). You understand and agree that no content published on the Site constitutes a recommendation that any particular security, portfolio of securities, transaction, or investment strategy is suitable or advisable for any specific person. You further understand that none of the information providers or their affiliates will advise you personally concerning the nature, potential, advisability, value or suitability of any particular security, portfolio of securities, transaction, investment strategy, or other matter. You understand that the Site may contain opinions from time to time with regard to securities mentioned in other products, including company related products, and that those opinions may be different from those obtained by using another product related to the Company. You understand and agree that contributors may write about securities in which they or their firms have a position, and that they may trade such securities for their own account. In cases where the position is held at the time of publication and such position is known to the Company, appropriate disclosure is made. However, you understand and agree that at the time of any transaction that you make, one or more contributors may have a position in the securities written about. You understand that price and other data is supplied by sources believed to be reliable, that the calculations herein are made using such data, and that neither such data nor such calculations are guaranteed by these sources, the Company, the information providers or any other person or entity, and may not be complete or accurate. From time to time, reference may be made in our marketing materials to prior articles and opinions we have published. These references may be selective, may reference only a portion of an article or recommendation, and are likely not to be current. As markets change continuously, previously published information and data may not be current and should not be relied upon.   RSS Follow Only registred members can create thier own customized alerts. Register or Log in Delete alert Help Guardian CFDs Newspaper Briefing http://www.guardianstockbrokers.com Newspaper Briefing informs you of what is happening in the news before the market opens. We believe our Newspaper Briefing is an invaluable tool to set up your trading day, therefore giving you an edge. Our Newspaper Briefing is just the start of our trading day at Guardian. We work with our clients to provide them with information and guidance to enhance their trading decisions. Guardian will provide you with an individual service together with the most suitable and expert advice at a fair and reasonable cost. UK 100 - 1 YEAR Loading charts International: NA AU DE CN Our Company Term & Conditions The Team Contact us Newsletter Sitemap Cookies Partners: Follow us: © Proactive Investors 2017 Proactive Investor UK Limited, trading as “Proactiveinvestors United Kingdom”, is Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered in England with Company Registration number 05639690. Group VAT registration number 872070825 FCA Registration number 559082. You can contact us here. Market Indices, Commodities and Regulatory News Headlines copyright © Morningstar. Data delayed 15 minutes unless otherwise indicated. Terms of use
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In City More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance City METRO CITIES Mumbai Delhi Bangalore Hyderabad Kolkata Chennai OTHER CITIES Agartala Agra Imphal Ahmedabad Allahabad Amritsar Aurangabad Bareilly Bhopal Bhubaneswar Chandigarh Coimbatore Cuttack Dehradun Erode Faridabad Goa Gurgaon Guwahati Hubli Indore Jaipur Jammu Jamshedpur Jind Kanpur Kochi Kolhapur Kozhikode Lucknow Ludhiana Madurai Mangalore Meerut Mysore Nagpur Nashik Navi Mumbai Noida Patna Puducherry Pune Raipur Rajahmundry Rajkot Ranchi Srinagar Salem Shillong Shimla Surat Thane Trichy Thiruvananthapuram Vadodara Varanasi Visakhapatnam Kolkata Crime Civic Issues Politics Schools & Colleges Events ALL News » City News » Kolkata News » Bird-hit dent detected on plane wing Bird-hit dent detected on plane wing TNN | Apr 7, 2017, 07.36 AM IST (Representative image) KOLKATA: A dent detected on the wing of a Jet Airways aircraft during a routine inspection forced the grounding of the plane with engineers suspecting a bird-hit behind the damage. The aircraft later flew back to Mumbai for repairs after Boeing Co officials went through a report sent by Jet Airways engineers on the nature and extent of damage and certified it fit to make the return journey to the base. The dent on the front edge of the right wing was detected by an engineer examining the plane after flight 9W 665 from Bengaluru landed in Kolkata. Suspecting it to have been caused by a bird-hit, the apron control at Kolkata airport was alerted to look for bird carcass around the runway. But with no trace of the dead bird, Jet Airways officials suspect the bird-hit happened during takeoff at Bengaluru and not during landing in Kolkata. Bird-hits, especially involving bigger birds like kites and eagles, are hazardous and cause extensive damage to planes. It gets particularly tricky if the bird gets sucked into the engine, damaging the blades. It can also cause a short-circuit that can in turn spark a fire. On Friday , the 141 persons on board the Jet Airways flight were lucky the bird hit the wing just above the engine and did not get drawn into it or else the Boeing 737-800 aircraft would have had to return to Bengaluru after the takeoff. There have been several bird-hits in Kolkata in the past but the number of incidents reported has gone down in recent years. Municipal authorities around the airport attribute this to better solid waste management and replacement of open garbage dumps with compactors in many places. But the bird activity around the Rajarhat end is still a cause of worry. "At the airport environment committee meeting held every six months, we tell municipal authorities to ensure cleanliness so that birds don't hang around the airport. There has been progress but there is still some distance to go," an airport official said. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web Why NRIs are so keen on investing in Bangalore properties SmartOwner Help this driver's daughter battle Cancer! MILAAP Top 10 most Googled Bollywood actresses on the Internet CRITICSUNION More from The Times of India Communal flare-up: Curfew in Odisha's Bhadrak Fashion Institute director booked for fraud VHP man complains against US evangelists From the Web More From The Times of India Data Impact Calculator - Realize New Possibilities With Yo..Sage 2-in-1s with Windows Ink start at $299. Get Started.Microsoft Learn About the Hidden Dangers for Crane LiftsTravelers What Could Be Causing Your ED?WebMD The Most Addicting Shopping Site For WomenTophatter All-round development of tribal zone on CM radar BJP glare on TMC's 'minority policy' Sonarpur changes, so does its crime pattern Trouble at IOC depots Take permission for religious rallies: Mamata Banerjee Comments Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message IPL 2017 IPL 2017 Live Score: MI vs RPS IPL Players List IPL Score: MI vs RPS Pune Supergaints KKR Royal Challengers Bangalore Gujarat Lions Sunrisers Hyderbad Delhi Daredevils Mumbai Indians Kings XI Punjab Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular Shunglu panel points out 'gross abuse of power' by AAP government Dalai Lama's Arunachal visit: China warns to take 'necessary measures' Russia probes 'act of terror' after metro blast kills 10 9 Worst US States To Retire Due to Taxes, Living Expenses,.. Ad: TheFinancialWord.com RK Nagar bypoll: Over 10 injured in clashes between OPS, Sasikala supporters Over 10 persons were injured in clashes between O Panneerselvam and Sasikala supporters during campaign for RK Nagar bypoll. Air India to step up staff security at Mumbai, Pune airports after Sena threat The security of Air India staff at Mumbai & Pune airports is being enhanced in the wake of Shiv Sena's threat to ground flight operations at these airports. From around the Web 30 Car Cleaning Hacks Your Local Cleaners Don't Want You T.. Activly Clifton: Dinner Delivered? Here's Why I Love Plated Food & Wine for Plated Women are surprised Clarks has this much style Clarks How is HIV treated? (Video) HealthiNation More From The Times of India Highways turn bootleggers' ball CBI questions Samuel for five hours on Narada sting Kiran Kumar took Rs 5.6cr bribe: ED Read MoreJet AirwaysBoeing CoBoeing Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel Weather in Kolkata Kolkata Travel Guide How to reach Kolkata Hotels in Kolkata Restaurants in Kolkata Places to visit in Kolkata Things to do in Kolkata Shopping in Kolkata Nightlife in Kolkata Weekend getaways from Kolkata Itineraries Kolkata Map Kolkata Photos Haunted Places in Kolkata Download Kolkata Travel Guide Hyderabad To Kolkata Flights Chennai To Kolkata Flights Bangalore To Kolkata Flights From our Global Partners Highways turn bootleggers' ball NH booze hubs eye panchayat path All-round development of tribal zone on CM radar BJP glare on TMC's 'minority policy' 1Bird-hit dent detected on plane wing 2Highways turn bootleggers' ball 3NH booze hubs eye panchayat path 4All-round development of tribal zone on CM radar 5BJP glare on TMC's 'minority policy' Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now NavGujarat Samay Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends Ravindra Gaikwad Repo Rate Dalai Lama Narendra Modi IPL Score RCB vs SRH Live Score: MI vs Pune Yogi Adityanath Mumbai Indians Tamil Movie Reviews Telugu Movie Reviews Malayalam Movie Reviews services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web Mumbai vs Pune Live Score IPL Score RBI Policy Breaking News Sunny Leone Photos How to get Pregnant Mallywood News Tollywood News Kollywood News Trending topics Yogi Adityanath Live Cricket Score Repo rate Aparna Yadav VIVO IPL Score Mumbai Indians Vinod Khanna xXx Sunny Leone Pics Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Police sex-trafficking sting nets five Clark County suspects County council considering code changes Washougal man appears in court for parking lot brandishings Burglary suspect caught on camera   Vancouver businessman seeks port seat Klineline Kids Fishing Derby reel fun Landslide blocks train tracks north of Vancouver High winds down trees, cause power outages across county   Murder trial gets underway with opening statements A prosecutor told jurors Thursday that a man accused of beating another man to death with an aluminum baseball bat… Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Crabbe, Blazers dig deep to get big win over Minnesota Mariners get elusive clutch hits in victory over Astros Bonneville Dam fish count 4/6 Sea lions moving into smaller streams Fishing report 4/6 Trails to try for an early-season outing Mariners lose to Astros on Springer’s HR in 13th Bonneville Dam fish count 4/5 Seahawks GM: Sherman trade talks have occurred Twin Harbors beach open for razor clams Crabbe, Blazers dig deep to get big win over Minnesota PORTLAND — Allen Crabbe had 25 points, including a career-high eight 3-pointers, and the Portland Trail Blazers beat the Minnesota… Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories Sexual harassment continues to be issue in U.S. workplaces Vancouver businessman seeks port seat Hyundai, Kia recall 1.4 million vehicles; engines can fail Pace of U.S. hiring tumbles, yet jobless rate hits 10-year low Singletary: What do we owe the poor? Starbucks food woes look worse due to JAB Butter days ahead? Sign of margarine’s slide Boeing has high hopes for Super Hornet fighter Amazon strikes deal to buy fuel cells for warehouses GE considering bright idea to sell lightbulb unit New Biscuits Cafe owners hope to make a mark To David Ligatich, new owner of Biscuits Cafe in Fisher’s Landing, making a successful restaurant comes down to heart. Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Visit another dimension with Vancouver and Sellwood, Ore., art exhibits Follow the paper trail of Camas’ rich history with First Friday events Fashion design wanders into crowdsourcing Unlikely heroes emerged on battlefields of WWI Go: Critter Count, ‘The Rainmaker,’ Cambodian new year ‘Ghost in the Shell’ brings classic to life Food & Drink: Shanahan’s a place to enjoy neighbors Actor Meloni busy since ‘Law & Order’ role Math film ‘Gifted’ not sum of its parts Klepper of ‘The Daily Show’ to get own series Visit another dimension with Vancouver and Sellwood, Ore., art exhibits The teenaged David Mylin was bouncing around his favorite fantasyland — a junkyard in his native North Dakota — when… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Learn Lessons From Bertha Robinson: Maybe to Kushner, world just another family business Letter: One way to fix health care Letter: Child care providers beware Letter: Reject Trump budget, as well Letter: Sound mind? That’s funny Letter: Senate targets Planned Parenthood In Our View: Dems Wrong on Gorsuch Parker: Trump administration excels at shifting conversation Letter: Americans, not Russians, decided Editorial Cartoons April 2-8 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Northeast Fourth Plain residents decry trash tossed by passers-by Everybody Has a Story: The spellbinding wonder of Oregon’s Crater Lake In the service Cascadia dental instructor named Inspirational Teacher Spotlight on Youth You Can Help Students learn about future paths during Career Day Fort Vancouver volunteers honored with Challenge Coins for service New Rotary club distributes smoke detectors International Women’s Festival raises money for nonprofit Northeast Fourth Plain residents decry trash tossed by passers-by Cheryll McAtee lives in an old farmhouse on a rural stretch of Northeast Fourth Plain Boulevard just outside of Vancouver… Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Garage Sales Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Norwegian announces new Seattle to London flights Published: April 6, 2017, 5:41 PM A   A SEATTLE – Port of Seattle officials said low-cost carrier Norwegian will begin service at Sea-Tac International Airport with nonstop flights to London. Officials said Wednesday that Norwegian will use Boeing’s 787 between Seattle and Gatwick airport. The service will start in September, but tickets will be available starting this week. Norwegian will have four flights per week leaving Seattle on Mondays, Wednesday, Fridays and Sundays. Norwegian’s U.S. spokesman Anders Lindstr?m said a limited number of seats will be available at $199 one way, with the second-lowest fare set at $219 one way. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Want more local business news? Sign up for our Business Newsletter. HERE Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
Toggle navigation Nation World States Cities Business Sport IPL Entertainment Galleries Videos Life Style Specials Opinions All Sections   States Tamil Nadu Kerala Karnataka Andhra Pradesh Telangana Odisha Cities Chennai DelhiBengaluru Hyderabad Kochi Thiruvananthapuram Nation World Business Sport Cricket Football Tennis Other Education Social News Entertainment English Hindi Kannada Malayalam Tamil Telugu Review Galleries Videos Auto Life style Tech Health Travel Food Books Spirituality Opinions Editorials Ask Prabhu Columns Prabhu Chawla T J S George S Gurumurthy Ravi Shankar Shankkar Aiyar Shampa Dhar-Kamath Karamatullah K Ghori Edex Indulge Magazine The Sunday Standard E-paper Home Cities Thiruvananthapuram Flying  under the radar By  Jaideep Sen  |  Express News Service  |   Published: 06th April 2017 11:01 PM  |   Last Updated: 07th April 2017 05:56 AM  |   A+A A-   |   0 Share Via Email THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Francisco agullo, Paul Bazeley and Daniel Meyer — all well into their 40s, in age — are still boys  at heart, sporting cheeky grins, bouncing off low  giggles, and cocking finger guns with pronounced winks around the dinner table. They’re also living out the ultimate boyhood dream, of commandeering an around-the-world tour on a vintage aircraft. All three of them are avowed aerophiles — Captain and chief pilot Francisco undertook the record Azimut 270 project in 2010, circumnavigating the Earth in a Light-Sport Aircraft (along with Yannick Bovier) in 51 days; co-pilot  Paul specialises in restoring vintage aircraft; while Daniel is an engineer who doubles as the official documenter of the ongoing expedition. They’re also aficionados especially of the Douglas DC-3, an aircraft that radically changed air transport in the 1930s and 1940s. By the end of April, the trio will have reached Singapore, almost half-way through their six-month project of circling the globe on a 77-year-old DC-3 — the oldest plane ever to make such an attempt. Backed by the Swiss watchmakers Breitling, the trio have a personal mission to add to the tour — to spread their passion for aviation history. Buoyed by a dream When Francisco and Daniel were youngsters growing up  near Geneva in Switzerland, they’d spend most of their off-days on the terraces of buildings by runways and airfields, clicking pictures of aircraft. “We were plane-spotters!” says Paul, a Brit based in the US, who did a lot of the same in his teen days. “We would note down and collect the numbers of all the planes,” says Francisco, at a meeting hosted in Nagpur recently, as a part of their India stopover.  Their biggest surprise here — blistering temperatures apart — was in meeting a local student group that goes by the name, Plane Spotters India. In an encouraging note, Francisco recalls that he decided to become a pilot when he was a toddler, on a family vacation to Paris: “The air hostess invited me to the cockpit — that rarely happens nowadays.”  Their shared passion for aviation led them to Breitling, a company known for its chronographs, pilot watches and aeronautical instruments. “Over and above everything else, this is about our love for flying, which we want to share with people around the world,” offers Paul. The vintage aspect adds to the fantastic scope of their adventure. Interestingly, Paul’s restoration company, Aerometal International, in Oregon, goes by the tag line, “Continuing airworthiness in aging aircraft”, having breathed life back into a Douglas A-26 Invader and a 1942 Boeing Stearman, apart from other classic planes. While production of the DC-3 ended in 1945, today, less than 150 are estimated to be airworthy.  The craft on the current tour — marked DC-3 HB-IRJ — was delivered to American Airlines in 1940, and initially used by the US military between 1942 and 1944. With close to 75,000 flight hours, the craft is now owned by Francisco, and the company he works for, Aeropassion. “We don’t like to speak about money,” says the Captain, with a twinkle in his eye. “DC-3s sell for anywhere from $50,000 to $5 million — this was something in between,” he says, with an air of modesty. Romancing the machine The mechanical aspect of the DC-3 is its most compelling.  On the tarmac, it sputters and thrums like a vintage motor- bike on throttle. In the air, it rumbles and rolls like a round-bottomed boat. The windows have wooden panes, there’s  no air-conditioning, or even overhead storage cabins, for that matter. It also sports a curious tail wheel. The lightweight chassis, of aluminum etched metal sheets over a wooden frame, makes the aircraft shudder in spells of turbulence, and drift in strong gusts of wind. “Tailwinds are important for us,” explains Francisco, given that the DC-3 is primarily meant for short-haul, low-altitude flights. At Nagpur, the crew was informed that the special avgas (aviation gasoline) they’d reserved at Chittagong, Bangladesh, had gone missing. As a result, they flew straight to Chiang Mai, Thailand — in a flight that lasted 8 hours, 7 minutes — quite likely the longest the aircraft has flown since its maiden voyage back in 1940. They had to carefully study the winds and weather forecasts, explains Francisco, while avoiding thunderstorms over Chittagong along the route. At the peak of World War 2, the DC-3 was nicknamed the “Normandy landings plane”, being extensively used by the allied forces in its military transport version — as the Douglas C-47 Skytrain or Dakota. Dakotas were also prominently used by Indian forces in the 1947 and 1965 wars with Pakistan. Though they were rarely ever intended for long-haul travel. Their longest trip yet is expected later along their tour, adds the Captain, as they intend to make an 11-hour hop from Obihiro, Japan to Shemya, in the Aleutian Islands off the Alaskan coast. To cover that distance, half the seats on-board have been cleared out, to make room for additional gas tanks. The good thing about the short stints in air is that they’re never likely to face jet lag, notes Paul. “This isn’t a jet, and there’s no such thing as propulsion lag,” he says, matter-of-factly. The propeller-driven DC-3 has a cruise speed of about 250km/h. “We’re never going to reach supersonic speeds, and at best, we can expect to cross two or three time zones in a day.” Winging it to win it In person, the DC-3 world tour crew remains engrossed in discussions over technical aspects and auto-mechanics. Talk about Focke-Wulfs and Messerschmitts pitched against American Lockheeds, Boeing Flying Fortresses and British Bristol Beauforts spurs them into animated conversation. While the DC-3 was mainly a civilian aircraft, it came close to becoming a bomber on one occasion during WWII, recounts Francisco. On a particular sortie north of Canada, south of Greenland, the crew of a DC-3 had spotted a German U-boat (military submarine). But the plane wasn’t prepped to haul bombs. “So they actually carried bombs by hand, and were instructed to drop them through the cargo door,” narrates the Captain. “Thankfully, they didn’t spot the U-boat again, and you can safely say, the DC-3 has never been a bomber, but it came close to being one!” In Japan, the Breitling DC-3 will take part at the Iwakuni Friendship Day Air Show, in a special display for war veterans, while also offering joy rides to child victims of the 2013 tsunami. The trio will then cross the ocean to begin a grand tour of the United States, and return to Europe via Greenland and Iceland to complete its journey in September, at the Breitling Sion Airshow 2017 in Switzerland. By then, since its take-off from Geneva on March 9, earlier this year, the DC-3 will have flown 24,000 nautical miles in all.  To make things more special, the aircraft is carrying 500 limited edition engraved pieces of the Navitimer Breitling DC-3 chronograph, which will be put on sale at the end of the tour, along with signed log books and certificates. The writer was on-board the Breitling DC-3 at Nagpur by invitation. Follow the world tour real-time at flydc3.net. O P E N Professional Courses Sponsored link Technology Courses Sponsored link Latest Donald Trump announces Army secretary pick Tennessee state senator Mark Green Venezuela bans key opposition leader in tense crisis 102 children among 314 killed in Colombia mudslide Five injured in a clash in west Delhi area Three held after man brutally killed in Delhi Delhi hospital doctors call off strike after five days 3 arrested over journalist Aparna Kalra attack Gallery I-T searches over 30 locations in TN, including properties of health minister Vijaya Basker, actor Sarathkumar, and AIADMK leader Kerala opposition observes statewide hartal in protest of Jishnu Prannoy's mother's manhandling by police arrow Videos Valmiki comment row: Rakhi Sawant claims unaware about FIR details Bangladesh PM Sheikh Hasina arrives in Delhi for 4-day visit arrow FOLLOW US Copyrights New Indian Express.2017 Dinamani | Kannada Prabha | Samakalika Malayalam | Malayalam Vaarika | Indulgexpress | Edex Live Contact Us | About Us | Careers | Privacy Policy | Search | Terms of Use | Advertise With Us Home | Nation | World | Cities | Business | Columns | Entertainment | Sport | Magazine | The Sunday Standard
  Search Prayers Nation Crime Current Affairs Politics In Other News World Australia and New Zealand Neighbours Asia Africa America Europe Middle East South Telangana Andhra Pradesh Tamil Nadu Karnataka Kerala Entertainment Theatre Music Bollywood Kollywood Sandalwood Tollywood Television Movie Reviews Mollywood Hollywood Sports Badminton Cricket Football Tennis In Other News Business Autos Companies Economy In Other News Market Technology Gadgets In Other News Mobiles and Tabs Lifestyle Viral and Trending Health and Wellbeing Sex and Relationship Fashion and Beauty Food and Recipes Travel Books and Art Pets and Environment Gallery Opinion Columnists DC Comment Op Ed Sunday Chronicle Hyderabad Chronicle Chennai Chronicle Bengaluru Chronicle Kerala Chronicle Science Editors' Picks     e-Paper | Sunday Chronicle     Auto Refresh Search Prayers Saturday, Apr 08, 2017 | Last Update : 12:34 PM IST Nation World South Entertainment Sports Business Technology Lifestyle Gallery Opinion More... Sunday Chronicle Hyderabad Chronicle Chennai Chronicle Bengaluru Chronicle Kerala Chronicle Science Editors' Picks Science Air Force space chief open to flying on recycled SpaceX rockets REUTERS Published Apr 8, 2017, 9:14 am IST Updated Apr 8, 2017, 9:14 am IST The US Air Force is open to buying rides on previously flown SpaceX rockets to put military satellites into orbit  That Falcon main stage had been recovered from a successful return landing on an ocean platform shortly after its maiden flight last April, then was relaunched and salvaged again last Thursday, marking a spaceflight first. The US Air Force is open to buying rides on previously flown SpaceX rockets to put military satellites into orbit, a move expected to cut launch costs for the Pentagon, the head of the Air Force Space Command said on Thursday. The idea of flying on recycled rockets became a reality a week ago when privately owned Space Exploration Technologies, or SpaceX, launched a communications satellite on a Falcon 9 booster that previously put a cargo ship into orbit for NASA. That Falcon main stage had been recovered from a successful return landing on an ocean platform shortly after its maiden flight last April, then was relaunched and salvaged again last Thursday, marking a spaceflight first. “I would be comfortable if we were to fly on a reused booster,” General John "Jay" Raymond told reporters at the US Space Symposium in Colorado Springs. “They’ve proven they can do it. ... It’s going to get us to lower cost.” SpaceX has so far won three launch contracts to fly military and national security satellites - business previously awarded exclusively to United Launch Alliance, a partnership of Lockheed Martin and Boeing. All those flights will take place on new Falcon 9 rockets. SpaceX, owned and operated by technology entrepreneur Elon Musk, has a backlog of more than 70 missions worth more than $10 billion. After last week's landmark launch, Musk said the company planned to fly about 20 more rockets this year, including the debut blastoff of its new heavy-lift vehicle. Up to six of those missions, including the Falcon Heavy, will use previously flown boosters, he said. Speaking at the symposium on Wednesday, SpaceX President Gwynne Shotwell said the cost of refurbishing and reflying the Falcon 9 first stage was "substantially less than half" the cost of manufacturing a new booster - the most expensive part of the rocket. SpaceX’s website lists the cost of a basic Falcon 9 launch at $62 million. SpaceX expects to reduce costs even further. The company’s next goal is to launch and return a rocket and relaunch it within 24 hours. "That’s when we’ll really feel like we’ve got reusability right," Shotwell said. Raymond said the Air Force would need to certify that a used booster could safely deliver its satellites into orbit. "I'm pretty comfortable we'll get comfortable with doing it," Raymond said. "This is just beginning.” Tags: spacex, elon musk, air force space command, space exploration technologies Lifestyle Gallery Spain celebrates colourful mask parade ahead of carnival celebrations Globe-trotting couple earns thousands of dollars per Instagram shot Man blends past with the present and it's breathtaking Street art helps residents of Spanish village overcome their differences Vibrant display of culture at Assam's river festival These ice creams with a twist will brighten your day ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR   Your YouTube video will need 10,000 views to start making money   Shah Rukh and AbRam get matching tattoos as they cheer for KKR in the stands   ‘Lungs full of smoke’, Kamal Haasan safe after fire breaks out at his house   IPL 2017: Bereaved Rishabh Pant joins Delhi Daredevils ahead of RCB tie   AB de Villiers takes some credit for a calmer Virat Kohli   Pakistani cricketer jailed in wife beating case in UK ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT More From Science Karnataka: Rare intestine transplant puts 45-yr-old on his feet How artificial life spawned a billion-dollar industry Astronomers detect atmosphere around Earth-like planet, could be a 'water world' Air Force space chief open to flying on recycled SpaceX rockets Jupiter to shine bright tomorrow ADVERTISEMENT Home Asian Age Andhrabhoomi Financial Chronicle About Us Contact Us Classifieds Book Classifieds Feedback E-Paper Privacy Policy Copyright © 2015 - 2017 Deccan Chronicle. Designed, Developed & Maintained By Daksham × Prayers
Kantipur The Kathmandu Post saptahik Nepal Nari Radio Kantipur Kantipur TV Print Edition | Archive Saturday, April 08, 2017 Toggle navigationSidebar General National Capital Sports Editorial Oped Photo-feature INTERVIEW Entertainment World Blog Escalate Video Javascript is currently not enabled on this browser. Please enable Javascript for proper viewing of The Kathmandu Post website. Don't know how to enable javascript? Click here to see suggestions from google Money NAC seals $209.6m deal for two Airbus planes Aircraft will be delivered by Q2 of 2018, instead of Q1 deadline stipulated earlier - SANGAM PRASAIN, KATHMANDU NAC Managing Director Sugat Ratna Kansakar (right) and Deepak Sharma, president of the International Supply Chain at AAR Corp, shake hands after signing the Airbus A330-200 purchase agreement in Kathmandu, on Friday. Apr 8, 2017- The decade-old plan of Nepal Airlines Corporation (NAC) to acquire wide-body aircraft to expand its network beyond Asia came closer to fruition on Friday with the signing of the final purchase agreement for two Airbus A330-200 long-range jets from US-based AAR Corp. The $209.6-million contract for two A330-200 marks the largest-ever jet purchase deal in Nepal’s aviation history. The agreement was signed between NAC Managing Director Sugat Ratna Kansakar and Deepak Sharma, president of the International Supply Chain at AAR Corp. Friday’s sales and purchases agreement turned the national flag carrier’s two-decade-old dream of adding wide-body jets to its fleet into a reality. NAC has been attempting to fly the A330 since 1997. The two jets are expected to arrive in Nepal by the second quarter of 2018. “It’s a historic deal,” said Kansakar after signing the agreement. He said both the parties have agreed that the final delivery price of the aircraft would not exceed $109 million each after adjusting inflation. According to Kansakar, Nepal has been known as an expensive destination due to high airfares. “We expect the airfare to come down to some extent once NAC adds wide body jets to its fleet.” The A330 jets ordered by NAC can accommodate up to 280 passengers in a two-class layout. As per the agreement, NAC will release 35 percent of the total aircraft cost as pre-delivery order fee within 28 days of signing the contract. The remaining amount should be paid after delivery of every aircraft. However, the aircraft delivery date has been pushed back slightly due to delay in sending the commitment fee and signing the sales and purchase agreement, officials said. As per the agreement, AAR Corp would supply aircraft by second quarter of 2018, instead of first quarter deadline stipulated earlier. Initially, the supplier had pledged to provide the first aircraft by September 2017.  The national flag carrier has already transferred $1 million as ‘commitment fee’ to AAR Corp. The two aircraft that NAC is planning to buy are owned by HI Fly, an airline based in Lisbon, Portugal. Friday’s agreement has established NAC’s right over the property. The state-owned airline plans to phase out its ageing Boeing 757s and plans to operate all-Airbus aircraft fleet in the near future. The national flag carrier plans to connect Kathmandu with Seoul in South Korea, Tokyo in Japan, Dammam in Saudi Arabia and Sydney in Australia once it adds wide-body aircraft. It has also announced plans to increase flight frequencies to key destinations like Kuala Lumpur, Hong Kong and Doha. A notice inviting proposals from aircraft manufacturers, airlines, aircraft leasing companies and bankers for two Airbus A330-200 aircraft was issued on September 26, 2016. The supplier is required to include the cost of a minimum set of flight and maintenance crews for the duration of at least one year. It also has to include the cost of consumable spares and tools required for day-to-day line maintenance up to the ‘A’ check level for a year. Published: 08-04-2017 07:42 The Kathmandu Post ›Money › Sangam Prasain Next Story NC divided over polls in one go or two phases › User's Feedback Click here for your comments Comment via Facebook Don't have facebook account? Use this form to comment Loading... More From Money Cement factories owned by state to chip in to charity Apr 08, 2017full story » Induction cookers gifted by Chinese govt not sold Apr 08, 2017full story » Nepali rupee going strong; hits 20-month high against dollar Apr 08, 2017full story » NOC, IOC agree to seek int’l arbitration in S’poreNOC, IOC agree to seek int’l arbitration in S’pore Apr 08, 2017full story » Nepal Airlines seals deal to buy two Airbus A330 jets for $209.6m Apr 07, 2017full story » Rupee hits 20-month high; Sensex falls Apr 07, 2017full story » Tourists avoiding Chitwan due to bad road conditions Apr 06, 2017full story » Cement Assoc told to review price hike Apr 07, 2017full story » Himalaya Airlines starts daily flights to Dubai Apr 07, 2017full story » China Three Gorges seeks clarification before JV pact Apr 07, 2017full story »‹› Main News India ready to abrogate 1950 Treaty: Koshyari Apr 08, 2017full story » In a first, govt tables NHRC report in House Apr 08, 2017full story » UML seeks new proposal, Morcha’s commitment Apr 08, 2017full story » NRA devises work plan to relocate vulnerable families Apr 08, 2017full story » Rani Pokhari reconstruction: Muck to be cleared ‘before monsoon’ Apr 08, 2017full story » Cement factories owned by state to chip in to charity Apr 08, 2017full story » Induction cookers gifted by Chinese govt not sold Apr 08, 2017full story » Nepali rupee going strong; hits 20-month high against dollar Apr 08, 2017full story » NOC, IOC agree to seek int’l arbitration in S’pore Apr 08, 2017full story » NAC seals $209.6m deal for two Airbus planes Apr 08, 2017full story » 0Shares Share on facebookShare on twitter Main News India ready to abrogate 1950 Treaty: Koshyari Apr 08, 2017full story » In a first, govt tables NHRC report in House Apr 08, 2017full story » UML seeks new proposal, Morcha’s commitment Apr 08, 2017full story » NRA devises work plan to relocate vulnerable families Apr 08, 2017full story » Rani Pokhari reconstruction: Muck to be cleared ‘before monsoon’ Apr 08, 2017full story » Cement factories owned by state to chip in to charity Apr 08, 2017full story » Induction cookers gifted by Chinese govt not sold Apr 08, 2017full story » Nepali rupee going strong; hits 20-month high against dollar Apr 08, 2017full story » NOC, IOC agree to seek int’l arbitration in S’pore Apr 08, 2017full story » NAC seals $209.6m deal for two Airbus planes Apr 08, 2017full story » The Kathmandu Post's Categories Blog Capital Editor's Pick Editorial Entertainment Escalate Featured Fiction Park General Health & Living Health & Style Int'l Coverage INTERVIEW MAIN NEWS Money National news Off The Beat Oped Photo-feature POST TRIVIA Saturday Features Sports Video World Visit kmg.com.np About Us Established in February 1993, the Kathmandu Post, Nepal’s first privately owned English broadsheet daily, is today Nepal’s leading English language newspaper, with a daily circulation of 82,000 copies. This makes the Post Nepal’s second-most widely circulated newspaper—after Kantipur daily. The Kathmandu Post is also a member of Asia News Network that has over 15 members and is known for its insightful, unbiased journalistic work of the highest calibre.   Read more» AdvertiseTo advertise on ekantipur click here » To advertise on print media click here » FeedbackSend us your feedback » We like to hear from you. × Contact Us Contact Address Kantipur Publications Pvt. Ltd. Central Business Park, Thapathali Kathmandu, Nepal +977-01-5135000 +977-01-5135001 Contact Us »  A member of ekantipur © Copyright Kantipur Digital Corp. loading...
Fiji Time: 7:05 PM on Saturday 8 April Home Politics Local Sport World Letters Editorial Nai Lalakai Business Features Classifieds Weather Gallery Archives / Front page / World US space flight plans Reuters Saturday, April 08, 2017 COLORADO SPRINGS, (Reuters) - The US Air Force is open to buying rides on previously flown SpaceX rockets to put military satellites into orbit, a move expected to cut launch costs for the Pentagon, the head of the Air Force Space Command said on Thursday. The idea of flying on recycled rockets became a reality a week ago when privately owned Space Exploration Technologies, or SpaceX, launched a communications satellite on a Falcon 9 booster that previously put a cargo ship into orbit for NASA. That Falcon main stage had been recovered from a successful return landing on an ocean platform shortly after its maiden flight last April, then was relaunched and salvaged again last Thursday, marking a spaceflight first. "I would be comfortable if we were to fly on a reused booster," General John "Jay" Raymond told reporters at the US Space Symposium in Colorado Springs. "They've proven they can do it. It's going to get us to lower cost." SpaceX has so far won three launch contracts to fly military and national security satellites — business previously awarded exclusively to United Launch Alliance, a partnership of Lockheed Martin and Boeing. All those flights would take place on new Falcon 9 rockets. SpaceX, owned and operated by technology entrepreneur Elon Musk, has a backlog of more than 70 missions worth more than $10 billion. After last week's landmark launch, Musk said the company planned to fly about 20 more rockets this year, including the debut blastoff of its new heavy-lift vehicle. Up to six of those missions, including the Falcon Heavy, will use previously flown boosters, he said. Speaking at the symposium on Wednesday, SpaceX President Gwynne Shotwell said the cost of refurbishing and reflying the Falcon 9 first stage was "substantially less than half" the cost of manufacturing a new booster - the most expensive part of the rocket. SpaceX's website lists the cost of a basic Falcon 9 launch at $62 million. SpaceX expects to reduce costs even further. The company's next goal is to launch and return a rocket and relaunch it within 24 hours. "That's when we'll really feel like we've got reusability right," Shotwell said. Raymond said the Air Force would need to certify that a used booster could safely deliver its satellites into orbit. "I'm pretty comfortable we'll get comfortable with doing it," Raymond said. "This is just beginning." Back to top Fiji Times & Kaila Frontpage PDF Downloads Use the free Acrobat Reader to view. Code Inward TTs Outward TTs CAD 0.6502 0.6312 JPY 54.3320 51.3320 GBP 0.3873 0.3793 EUR 0.4549 0.4429 NZD 0.7017 0.6687 AUD 0.6458 0.6208 USD 0.4867 0.4697 from FJD to VUVFJD to TOPFJD to SBDFJD to WSTFJD to PGKFJD to XPFFJD to CHFFJD to SEKFJD to LKRFJD to ZARFJD to PHPFJD to PKRFJD to NOKFJD to INRFJD to DKKFJD to CADFJD to HKDFJD to SGDFJD to JPYFJD to GBPFJD to EURFJD to CNYFJD to NZDFJD to AUDFJD to USD VUV to FJDTOP to FJDSBD to FJDWST to FJDPGK to FJDXPF to FJDCHF to FJDSEK to FJDLKR to FJDZAR to FJDPHP to FJDPKR to FJDNOK to FJDINR to FJDDKK to FJDCAD to FJDHKD to FJDSGD to FJDJPY to FJDGBP to FJDEUR to FJDCNY to FJDNZD to FJDAUD to FJDUSD to FJD $0.00 Exchange Rate updated on 7th, April, 2017 Today's Most Read Stories Nair feels sense of liberation, resigns from post Jasa man to watch Five recognised by President with Order of Fiji awards Party for talks in US Rising Rajput stars: Enriching a legacy Farmers 'lose hope' Railway network revitalisation Call for herbal medicine use 'Pathetic' roads halt transport Call to study weed Top Stories this Week Bittersweet journey Thursday (06 Apr) Village head Tuesday (04 Apr) Rabuka: People need to progress Monday (03 Apr) Stop manipulating tourists, says Koya Wednesday (05 Apr) Kurusiga clears air Thursday (06 Apr) Bash claim Thursday (06 Apr) Biman hits back at PM Monday (03 Apr) SODELPA 14 pledge loyalty Tuesday (04 Apr) Baber: A role model in Hong Kong 7s Monday (03 Apr) New sugar mill 'not ruled out' Monday (03 Apr) Contact Fiji Times Advertise with Us Google+ Copyright © 2014, Fiji Times Limited. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Terms of Use Site Feedback
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Wal-Mart, Verizon Give DJIA a Slight Push on Friday By Paul Ausick April 7, 2017 4:01 pm EDT Print Email Tweet April 7, 2017: Markets opened nearly flat Friday and did not gather any positive strength until mid-day. Telecom and consumer staples were the top performing sectors while the utilities and energy sectors lagged. WTI crude oil for May delivery settled at $52.24 a barrel, up 1% on the day and at its highest level since March 7. June gold added 0.3% on the day to settle at $1,257.30. Equities were headed for a mixed close shortly before the bell as the DJIA traded up 0.01% for the day, the S&P 500 traded down 0.04%, and the Nasdaq Composite traded up 0.03%. Stocks traded very near the break-even line just minutes before the closing bell. The closing tally could finish with either a small gain or a small loss for any or all of the indexes. The DJIA stock posting the largest daily percentage gain ahead of the close Friday was Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE: WMT) which traded up 2.10% at $72.93. The stock’s 52-week range is $62.72 to $75.19. Volume was about 10% below the daily average of around 9.2 million shares. The company’s stock was upgraded to Outperform this morning at Telsey. Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE: VZ) traded up 0.76% at $48.80. The stock’s 52-week range is $46.01 to $56.95. Volume was about 10% below the daily average of around 15.4 million shares. The company had no specific news, but a reported change coming to FCC rules on net neutrality would likely be good news for the big wireless carriers. The Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) traded up 0.65% at $178.53. The stock’s 52-week range is $122.35 to $185.71. Volume was about 30% below the daily average of around 3.4 million. The company had no specific news, but Thursday night’s missile attack on Syria boosted most defense stocks Friday. UnitedHealth Group Inc. (NYSE: UNH) traded up 0.51% at $166.18. The stock’s 52-week range is $125.26 to $172.14. Volume was 40% below the daily average of around 3.7 million shares. The health insurer had no specific news Friday. Of the Dow 30 stocks, 14 are on track to close higher Friday and 16 are set to close lower. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Obama-Era Net Neutrality Rules on Track to Be Replaced Valeant, DryShips Stuck in Friday’s 52-Week Low Club » Read more: Investing, Dow Jones Industrial Average, market close, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA), UnitedHealth Group (NYSE:UNH), Verizon Communications, Inc. (NYSE:VZ), Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular 10 Disappearing Car Brands Cities Where You Don't Want to Get Sick The Most Expensive City in Each State States With the Most Americans on Disability The Biggest Company the Year You Were Born Recent Why the First Marijuana ETF May Pose Serious Problems for US Investors Valeant, DryShips Stuck in Friday’s 52-Week Low Club Wal-Mart, Verizon Give DJIA a Slight Push on Friday Obama-Era Net Neutrality Rules on Track to Be Replaced Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search The Definitive Guide to Mortgages and Your Credit Score 3 Embarrassingly Low Dividend Stocks Alphabet Inc. Earnings: 3 Metrics to Watch Trump names Kevin Hassett chairman of Council of Economic Advisers Dow finishes week barely in the red S&P 500 books a weekly decline of 0.3% Investors look to global growth for earnings power Twitter CEO forgoes compensation; long-time board member to leave Germany's Fresenius in talks to buy generic drugmaker Akorn The Definitive Guide to Mortgages and Your Credit Score 3 Embarrassingly Low Dividend Stocks Alphabet Inc. Earnings: 3 Metrics to Watch Goldman Sachs Is About To Swallow Donald Trump Tomi Lahren Is Suing Glenn Beck And TheBlaze Michele Bachmann: God Sent Trump As 'Reprieve' From Trans Rights Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Latest News Dow 20,656 -6.85 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,878 -1.14 -0.02% S&P 500 2,356 -1.95 -0.08% 4/07 Updated Millions of Americans are desperate to trade part-time work for full-time 4/07 Updated This is why Dutch kids are much happier than American children 4/07 Updated A pro baseball stadium in Seattle just put toasted grasshoppers on the menu 4/07 Syria Strikes: Does Trump Need Approval from Congress? 4/07 Stockholm Truck Attack Leaves Several Dead 4/07 Trump names Kevin Hassett as White House’s chief economist 4/07 Neurological drug developer Biohaven files for initial public offering 4/07 Action plan drawn up on U.S.-China trade, Commerce’s Ross says 4/07 Updated U.S. households will soon have as much debt as they had in 2008 4/07 Updated The Moneyologist: I signed away my $500,000 inheritance when I was a child — what can I do? 4/07 Updated The Moneyologist: My brothers owe our late mother’s estate $30,000 — how should they repay it? 4/07 Updated World Health Day: Happy workers are 10% more productive at work 4/07 Updated You can buy a copy of the Sex Pistols’ ‘God Save the Queen’ for $10,000 4/07 Updated World Health Day: Americans rekindle their deadly love affair with salt 4/07 Updated World Health Day: This is how much depression costs U.S. companies 4/07 Updated World Health Day: Millennial women face new mental health struggles in the workplace 4/07 Updated World Health Day: Fatal drug overdoses soar among white, middle-aged American men 4/07 Updated World Health Day: Lonely people are more likely to over-share on Facebook 4/07 Updated Fox threatens to pull cable channels from Charter amid carriage fee dispute 4/07 Want to see how America is changing? Property taxes hold the answer Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Grupo Aeromexico Announces First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call By Published: Apr 7, 2017 5:30 p.m. ET Share MEXICO CITY, April 7, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Grupo Aeromexico S.A.B. de C.V. ("Aeroméxico") (bmv:AEROMEX), Mexico's global airline, will hold its First Quarter 2017 earnings conference call on: Wednesday, April 26, 201711:00 AM ET (10:00 AM Mexico City Time & Central Time) Andrés Conesa Labastida, Chief Executive Officer, and Ricardo Sànchez Baker, Chief Financial Officer will host the call and review Grupo Aeromexico's First Quarter 2017 financial and operational results, followed by a question and answer session. First Quarter results will be released on April 25 after market close. To participate in the conference call, please dial: Toll Free US 1-866-682-6100 Toll International 1-862-255-5401 Registration is required; please dial in at least ten minutes prior to the scheduled start time. The conference call will be available for replay until May 26, 2017 at 11:59 PM, by calling: Toll Free US 1-877-481-4010 Toll International 1-919-882-2331 Replay Conference ID Number:  10330 The conference call replay can also be accessed via Grupo Aeromexico's Investor Relations website: http://aeromexico.com/investors/welcome.html Investor Relations Office Tel: +52 (55) 9132 4257 aminvestorrelations@aeromexico.com About Grupo Aeromexico Grupo Aeromexico, S.A.B. de C.V. is a holding company whose subsidiaries are engaged in commercial aviation in Mexico and the promotion of passenger loyalty programs. Aeromexico, Mexico's global airline, operates more than 600 daily flights and its main hub is in Terminal 2 at the Mexico City International Airport. Its destinations network features more than 80 cities on three continents, including 45 destinations in Mexico, 17 in the United States, 15 in Latin America, 4 in Canada, 4 in Europe, and 3 in Asia. The Group's fleet of more than 130 aircraft is comprised of Boeing 787, 777 and 737 jet airliners and next generation Embraer 145, 170 and 190 models. In 2012, the airline announced the most significant investment strategy in aviation history in Mexico, to purchase 100 Boeing aircraft including 90 MAX B737 jet airliners and 10 B787-9 Dreamliner's. As a founding member of the SkyTeam airline alliance, Aeromexico offers customers more than 1,000 destinations in 177 countries served by the 20 SkyTeam airline partners rewarding passengers with benefits including access to 636 premium airport lounges around the world. Aeromexico also offers travel on its codeshare partner flights with Delta Air Lines, Alaska Airlines, Avianca, Copa Airlines and WestJet, with extensive connectivity in countries like the United States, Brazil, Canada, Colombia and Peru. www.aeromexico.com  www.skyteam.com  http://disfrutaam.tumblr.com/ To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/grupo-aeromexico-announces-first-quarter-2017-earnings-conference-call-300436813.html SOURCE Grupo Aeromexico Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Here’s how much it costs to replace the 59 Tomahawk missiles Trump fired on Syria This is why Dutch kids are much happier than American children Want to see how America is changing? Property taxes hold the answer This image of Jared Kushner is blowing up the internet How wearable technology can transform health care MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Grupo Aeromexico Announces First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call News provided by Grupo Aeromexico Apr 07, 2017, 17:30 ET Share this article MEXICO CITY, April 7, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Grupo Aeromexico S.A.B. de C.V. ("Aeroméxico") (BMV: AEROMEX), Mexico's global airline, will hold its First Quarter 2017 earnings conference call on: Wednesday, April 26, 2017 11:00 AM ET (10:00 AM Mexico City Time & Central Time) Andrés Conesa Labastida, Chief Executive Officer, and Ricardo Sánchez Baker, Chief Financial Officer will host the call and review Grupo Aeromexico's First Quarter 2017 financial and operational results, followed by a question and answer session. First Quarter results will be released on April 25 after market close. To participate in the conference call, please dial: Toll Free US 1-866-682-6100 Toll International 1-862-255-5401 Registration is required; please dial in at least ten minutes prior to the scheduled start time. The conference call will be available for replay until May 26, 2017 at 11:59 PM, by calling: Toll Free US 1-877-481-4010 Toll International 1-919-882-2331 Replay Conference ID Number:  10330 The conference call replay can also be accessed via Grupo Aeromexico's Investor Relations website: http://aeromexico.com/investors/welcome.html Investor Relations Office Tel: +52 (55) 9132 4257 aminvestorrelations@aeromexico.com About Grupo Aeromexico Grupo Aeromexico, S.A.B. de C.V. is a holding company whose subsidiaries are engaged in commercial aviation in Mexico and the promotion of passenger loyalty programs. Aeromexico, Mexico's global airline, operates more than 600 daily flights and its main hub is in Terminal 2 at the Mexico City International Airport. Its destinations network features more than 80 cities on three continents, including 45 destinations in Mexico, 17 in the United States, 15 in Latin America, 4 in Canada, 4 in Europe, and 3 in Asia. The Group's fleet of more than 130 aircraft is comprised of Boeing 787, 777 and 737 jet airliners and next generation Embraer 145, 170 and 190 models. In 2012, the airline announced the most significant investment strategy in aviation history in Mexico, to purchase 100 Boeing aircraft including 90 MAX B737 jet airliners and 10 B787-9 Dreamliner's. As a founding member of the SkyTeam airline alliance, Aeromexico offers customers more than 1,000 destinations in 177 countries served by the 20 SkyTeam airline partners rewarding passengers with benefits including access to 636 premium airport lounges around the world. Aeromexico also offers travel on its codeshare partner flights with Delta Air Lines, Alaska Airlines, Avianca, Copa Airlines and WestJet, with extensive connectivity in countries like the United States, Brazil, Canada, Colombia and Peru. www.aeromexico.com   www.skyteam.com   http://disfrutaam.tumblr.com/ To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/grupo-aeromexico-announces-first-quarter-2017-earnings-conference-call-300436813.html SOURCE Grupo Aeromexico Related Links http://www.aeromexico.com May 08, 2015, 16:11 ET Preview: Delta and Aeromexico File Application to Enhance Cooperation My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Grupo Aeromexico Announces First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call News provided by Grupo Aeromexico Apr 07, 2017, 17:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Breaking Spotlight Entertainment Communities Anaheim Buena Park Cerritos Cypress Garden Grove Huntington Beach La Palma Long Beach Los Alamitos Rossmoor Seal Beach Stanton Westminster Education Oxford Academy St. Hedwig Parish School St. Irenaeus Parish School Sunburst Youth ChalleNGe Academy College CSU Long Beach Cypress College Elementary School Arnold Elementary School Clara King Elementary School Grace Christian Elementary School Hopkinson Elementary School Landell Elementary School Lee Elementary School Los Alamitos Elementary School Luther Elementary School McGaugh Elementary School Morris Elementary School Rossmoor Elementary School Steve Luther Elementary School Vessels Elementary School Weaver Elementary School Middle School McAuliffe Middle School Oak Middle School Junior High School Lexington Junior High School High School Cypress High School Kennedy High School Los Alamitos High School School District Cypress School District Anaheim Union High School District Los Alamitos Unified School District North Orange County Community College District Military JFTB NWS Army Marines Navy Air Force CalGuard Police Blotter Home About Contact Community Calendar Jobs Board Ad Rates OCB DARTS Dining Arts and Entertainment DONS Breaking Spotlight Entertainment Communities Anaheim Buena Park Cerritos Cypress Garden Grove Huntington Beach La Palma Long Beach Los Alamitos Rossmoor Seal Beach Stanton Westminster Education Oxford Academy St. Hedwig Parish School St. Irenaeus Parish School Sunburst Youth ChalleNGe Academy College CSU Long Beach Cypress College Elementary School Arnold Elementary School Clara King Elementary School Grace Christian Elementary School Hopkinson Elementary School Landell Elementary School Lee Elementary School Los Alamitos Elementary School Luther Elementary School McGaugh Elementary School Morris Elementary School Rossmoor Elementary School Steve Luther Elementary School Vessels Elementary School Weaver Elementary School Middle School McAuliffe Middle School Oak Middle School Junior High School Lexington Junior High School High School Cypress High School Kennedy High School Los Alamitos High School School District Cypress School District Anaheim Union High School District Los Alamitos Unified School District North Orange County Community College District Military JFTB NWS Army Marines Navy Air Force CalGuard Police Blotter  Printer-friendly version of this article Home Transportation Southwest Airlines adds new service In Sacramento, Long Beach, Seattle, San Diego, and Spokane April 7th, 2017 courtesy Long Beach, Transportation 0 comments Southwest Airlines Co. (NYSE: LUV), the airline that carries more travelers than any other airline every day to, from, and within California*1, today announced new flights linking long-served communities along the west coast with new time-saving service. Beginning Aug. 1, 2017, Southwest® will offer twice daily service between Sacramento and Long Beach and once daily service between Sacramento and Spokane. Southwest Employees joined Sacramento County leaders today at a news conference at Sacramento International Airport to announce the new flights. “As we approach 700 departures a day this summer from a total of ten airports in California, we’re continuing an investment in the Golden State that dates back 35 years,” said Andrew Watterson, Senior Vice President & Chief Revenue Officer for Southwest. “More Californians embrace us as their hometown carrier not only for the unique value of our bags fly free®*2 and no change fees policies**3, but principally for our schedule that values their time by offering more nonstop options from California than anyone else.” 1 Based on the U.S. Department of Transportation’s most recent data of O&D passengers boarded. 2 Southwest is the only major U.S. airline to offer bags fly free® to everyone (first and second checked pieces of luggage, size and weight limits apply, some airlines may allow free checked bags on select routes or for qualified circumstances), 3 Fare differences might apply. Beginning Aug. 1, 2017, fly Southwest nonstop between: Sacramento and Long Beach for as low as $49 or 2,327 Rapid Rewards® Points one-way (Purchase today through April 13, 2017, 11:59 p.m. Pacific Daylight Time. Travel is valid Aug. 1 through Nov. 2, 2017. Travel is not valid on Friday and Sunday and is blacked out on Sept. 1 and Sept. 4. Please see complete fare rules, terms, and conditions below for these fares.) In addition, the carrier will increase the amount of flying between Sacramento and both Seattle and San Diego this summer. Beginning June 5, Southwest will offer up to 11 flights a day in each direction between Sacramento and San Diego and up to six flights a day in each direction between Sacramento and Seattle. “Every flight brings an average 143 seats and dozens of people who are traveling Southwest to connect with business, family, friends, and experiences that matter to them,” Watterson said. Later this month, Southwest intends to increase its international presence in California by adding San Diego International Airport as its fourth gateway airport in the state (alongside Oakland, Los Angeles, and Santa Ana/Orange County) as daily nonstop service between San Diego and San Jose del Cabo/Los Cabos, Mexico begins April 25. FARE TERMS & CONDITIONS Purchase April 6 through April 13, 2017, 11:59 p.m. in the respective time zone of the originating city. Travel is valid Mondays through Thursdays, and Saturdays, Aug. 1 through Nov. 2, 2017 except for black-out dates of Sept. 1 & 4, 2017. Fares are valid only on domestic, nonstop service only. Displayed prices include all U.S. and international government taxes and fees. Rapid Rewards® Points bookings do not include taxes, fees, and other government/airport charges of at least $5.60 per one-way flight. Seats and days are limited. Fares may vary by destination, flight, and day of week and won’t be available on some flights that operate during very busy travel times and holiday periods. Travel is available for one-way Wanna Get Away® fares. Fares may be combined with other Southwest combinable fares. If combining with other fares, the most restrictive fare’s rules apply. Sale fares may be available on other days of week, but that’s not guaranteed. Fares are nonrefundable but may be applied toward future travel on Southwest, as long as reservations are canceled at least ten minutes prior to scheduled departure. Failure to cancel prior to departure will result in forfeiture of remaining funds on the reservation. Any change in itinerary may result in an increase in fare. Standby travel may require an upgrade to the Anytime fare depending on Tier status. Fares are subject to change until ticketed. Offer applies only to published, scheduled service. ABOUT SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO. In its 46th year of service, Dallas-based Southwest Airlines (NYSE: LUV) continues to differentiate itself from other air carriers with exemplary Customer Service delivered by more than 53,000 Employees to more than 100 million Customers annually. Southwest proudly operates a network of 101 destinations in the United States and eight additional countries with more than 3,900 departures a day during peak travel season. Service to both Grand Cayman and Cincinnati begins June 4, 2017. Based on the U.S. Department of Transportation’s most recent data, Southwest Airlines is the nation’s largest carrier in terms of originating domestic passengers boarded. The Company operates the largest fleet of Boeing aircraft in the world, the majority of which are equipped with satellite-based WiFi providing gate-to-gate connectivity. That connectivity enables Customers to use their personal devices to view video on-demand movies and television shows, as well as nearly 20 channels of free, live TV compliments of our valued Partners. Southwest created Transfarency®, a philosophy which treats Customers honestly and fairly, and in which low fares actually stay low. Southwest is the only major U.S. airline to offer bags fly free®* to everyone (first and second checked pieces of luggage, size and weight limits apply, some airlines may allow free checked bags on select routes or for qualified circumstances), and there are no change fees, though fare differences might apply**. The airline proudly unveiled a bold new look: Heart. A new logo, aircraft livery, interior design featuring a new seat and Flight Attendant galley, Employee-designed uniforms, and an updated airport experience all showcase the dedication of Southwest Employees who connect Customers with what’s important in their lives. From its first flights on June 18, 1971, Southwest Airlines launched an era of unprecedented affordability in air travel described by the U.S. Department of Transportation as “The Southwest Effect,” a lowering of fares and increase in passenger traffic whenever the carrier enters new markets. With 44 consecutive years of profitability, Southwest is one of the most honored airlines in the world, known for a triple bottom line approach that contributes to the carrier’s performance and productivity, the importance of its People and the communities they serve, and an overall commitment to efficiency and the planet. The 2015 Southwest Airlines One Report™ can be found at SouthwestOneReport.com. Book Southwest Airlines’ low fares online at Southwest.com or by phone at 800-I-FLY-SWA. This article was released by Southwest Airlines Co. Tags Orange County CA Southwest Airlines Co. U.S. Department of Transportation Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Next article Cypress City Manager Peter Grant to speak at April Chamber Networking Breakfast Previous article Treasurer-Tax Collector reminds OC taxpayers that their property tax is due courtesy This author is used when OC Breeze publishes news releases from other organizations. Related Posts Community April 7th, 2017 Miller Children’s & Women’s Hospital Long Beach opens brand-new Education Center Community April 7th, 2017 Long Beach man arrested in Liberty Court shootings Community April 6th, 2017 Seal Beach Police seek public help in PCH hit-and-run Leave a Reply Cancel reply (Click above for more information.) OC Breeze by emailReceive a summary of the latest news in your email inbox first thing every morning. Name Last Name Email (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) Polls How do you follow important city news? Read the local printed weekly paper Read the regional printed paper Online local news site (Orange County Breeze) Online local news site (News Enterprise) Online regional news site (Orange County Register) Facebook Twitter Nextdoor Word of mouth Online local news site (Los Al News/Let's Fix Los Al) Local access (cable) TV Other View Results  Loading ... More to read every day April 2017 S M T W T F S « Mar       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   Breaking Spotlight Editorial Life Events Back to top (Click above for more information.) © Orange County Breeze 2016. All rights reserved. Produced by Orange County Breeze Newspaper LLC.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Laptop Ban Raises Warning of Fire Risk on Planes by Alan Levin @AlanLevin1 More stories by Alan Levin April 7, 2017, 2:28 PM EDT April 7, 2017, 3:48 PM EDT Flight Safety Foundation raises safety questions on ban U.S., U.K. have barred electronics in cabin on some flights Is the Laptop Ban About Terrorism or Protectionism? The U.S. order prohibiting passengers from carrying laptop computers and other electronics into the cabins of some overseas flights is raising concerns about a risk unrelated to terror: the potential for those devices’ lithium-based batteries to catch fire in the baggage hold. The Flight Safety Foundation, a non-profit funded by airlines and other groups to reduce the risk of accidents, on Friday issued a press release urging the industry to take steps not to “introduce another risk” from the highly flammable batteries powering the electronics. The concern is that passengers are being told to place electronic devices into cargo holds just as international safety agencies have begun barring bulk shipments of rechargeable lithium cells because of evidence that they can spontaneously catch fire and even explode. “It’s potentially a transfer of consequential risk,” Greg Marshall, vice president of Global Programs at the safety group, said in an interview. “We’re going to see large numbers of these devices carried in the cargo hold of aircraft that would otherwise have been in the cabin.” The U.S. Federal Aviation Administration logged 31 cases last year in which lithium-based batteries either caught fire or smoldered on airline flights. Three cargo aircraft have been destroyed by fires attributed at least in part to lithium batteries, two of which were fatal accidents, according to the National Transportation Safety Board. Read more: Airplane Fire Risk Prompts Widening Ban on Smartphone Batteries “We coordinated closely with the FAA and provided an information bulletin to the air carriers regarding the appropriate handling of electronics, including lithium batteries,” Department of Homeland Security spokeswoman Jenny Burke said in an emailed response to the safety group’s warning. Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up On March 21, the U.S. notified airlines that it wouldn’t permit passengers on flights headed to the U.S. from 10 Middle Eastern airports -- including Dubai, Abu Dhabi and Cairo -- to carry any electronic device larger than a smartphone. DHS said the action was the result of new intelligence that terrorists were planning to target airlines by “smuggling explosive devices in various consumer items.” The U.K. followed with a similar ban the same day. Representative John Katko, a New York Republican who is chairman of the House Transportation Security Subcommittee, said March 29 that the threat was real, and predicted other nations would broaden the ban. DHS Secretary John Kelly on Wednesday told Congress the action may be extended to other airports. However, the fears over terrorism are colliding with one of the biggest concerns in airline safety: the worry that highly volatile batteries may ignite and fuel deadly aircraft fires. United Nations The United Nations International Civil Aviation Organization last year concluded that lithium-ion cells were too risky to be carried in bulk on passenger flights after manufacturers Boeing Co. and Airbus SE advised airlines that existing fire suppression systems weren’t adequate to protect planes against lithium fires. While the terrorist threats may be real, the government should perform a risk analysis and take steps to reduce the potential for battery fires, said John Cox, a safety consultant who has written on the subject of aircraft fires. Some carriers have allowed passengers to keep their laptops and tablet computers with them until just before departure, before gathering them in a bin to be stowed in the cargo hold, Cox said. Placing the devices in such close proximity to each other increases the potential risks if one catches fire, he said. “If they are in the cargo hold and one overheats and goes into thermal runaway, you can’t deal with it,” he said. Pilots and flight attendants are trained to extinguish a battery fire in the cabin, but wouldn’t be able to reach a blaze in a cargo area, he said. Passengers should be reminded to switch off electronics if they pack them in checked bags, the Flight Safety Foundation’s Marshall said. They also shouldn’t assume it’s now permissible to stow spare batteries and e-cigarettes in luggage bound for the cargo hold. Those items are still prohibited in checked bags, he said. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Here's What Trump's Syria Strike Did to Markets, as Impact Eases America’s Retailers Are Closing Stores Faster Than Ever Payroll Gains Slow, U.S. Jobless Rate at Lowest Since 2007 Sweden Hunts for Driver of Rampaging Truck That Killed 4 People ICE Agents Go From Friend to Foe Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Leadership > Companies & Executives > Space: Manufacturing’s Final Frontier Space: Manufacturing’s Final Frontier Apr 7, 2017 Steve Minter EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Led by Elon Musk, an ambitious legion of space entrepreneurs are building new businesses on Earth with their sights set on the riches of earth orbit and beyond. A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket launches March 16 from NASA’s Kennedy Space Center to deliver an EchoStar XXIII satellite to its Earth orbit.     SpaceX Advertisement “We want to be the people leading this next boom, this next revolution.,” says Andrew Rush, the CEO and president of Made In Space Inc. “We don't want other folks to lead it. We want to be out in front. As Americans we have a huge desire to explore and innovate. I don’t think there is any more innovative place with an opportunity to explore than space.” After President John F. Kennedy announced in May 1961 the national goal of sending a man to the moon before the end of the decade, a large portion of the nation’s scientific and technical community was galvanized by the dream of space flight. Incredibly, what had occurred only in the realm of science fiction became a reality just eight years later when Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin landed their Apollo 11 lunar module on the moon’s surface. In a few years, the lure of manned space flight dimmed and soon our government’s ambitions were scaled back from the moon to the International Space Station orbiting the earth. In constant 2014 dollars, NASA funding fell from $43.5 billion  in 1966 to just $15.3 billion 10 years later. The agency currently has a budget of approximately $18 billion. But recently, it has been the private sector that has once again energized our ambitions for moving beyond our planet. A new breed of entrepreneurs, backed in many cases by government resources, is making space flight the stuff of which dreams – and a lucrative reality – are made. In the process, they are creating advanced manufacturing jobs as they develop production capabilities and supply chains. A 2014 Bureau of Labor Statistics report found that the U.S. space industrial base employed 2.6 million people and that employment at commercial companies had grown by 10.3% from 2009 to 2012. No one has played a more significant role in this transformation than Elon Musk, who started the Space Exploration Technologies Corp., or as it is more commonly known, SpaceX, in 2002. The company has more than 5,000 employees and suppliers in all 50 states. Space X is best known for its innovations in space flights commissioned to deliver satellites into orbit and resupply missions to the International Space Station. In 2010, SpaceX made history as a private company when it returned a Dragon spacecraft from low-earth orbit. In April 2014, the company was able to land the first stage of a Falcon 9 rocket in the Atlantic Ocean. Then in December 2015, the company flew a Falcon 9 rocket to earth orbit, where it delivered 11 communications satellites, and then landed the first stage on land. Most recently, SpaceX successfully reused a Falcon 9 first stage rocket to send a satellite into space and then landed the booster rocket on a droneship stationed in the Atlantic Ocean. The March 30 mission was hugely important because the standardization of rocket technology and its reuse of the rocket booster are essential to Musk’s plans to reduce the cost of space travel. SpaceX estimates that by reusing booster rockets it can reduce the cost of a supply voyage to the ISS by 30%, which would take it from $61.2 million to around $40 million. Musk’s ambitions go far beyond reducing the cost of flights to position satellites in earth’s orbit. In February, SpaceX announced that the company had been contracted by two private individuals to fly them around the moon, a flight scheduled for late 2018. Space X plans to use its new Falcon Heavy rocket. Last September, Musk announced the Interplanetary Transport System, a reusable rocket and spacecraft combination designed to deliver 100 or more people to Mars. Musk is far from alone in his space ambitions. We spoke with a number of space entrepreneurs to learn about their innovative firms and views on the space market. Made In Space “We don’t want to go on camping trips in space anymore,” says Andrew Rush, the president of Made In Space (MIS). “We want to go on long, sustainable missions that ultimately settle it.” Doing that, he explains, requires the ability to manufacture products in space. And since 2014, when Made In Space’s first 3D printer was installed on the International Space Station, that is just what the company has been doing. MIS had originally hoped to purchase an off-the-shelf 3D printer, make some minor modifications and send it to the ISS to produce parts. That wasn’t to be the case. “It turns out that if you take a commercial 3D printer and put it into microgravity, it makes a bird’s nest,” Rush said. After much development and testing, the company was able to solve two key technical challenges – control the positioning of all the materials in the 3D process to tight tolerances and control the heat produced by the printing process. MIS also had to make sure that the 3D printer could be safely operated in the ISS, which serves as the astronauts’ home as well as their workplace in space. “That meant we had to develop an environmental control system that could capture and control the volatile and other noxious materials that are produced during the 3D printing process,” Rush says. In April 2016, MIS sent the first commercial printer to ISS. This second-generation printer has produced 39 prints, ranging from an adaptor for an oxygen generating system used aboard the ISS during monthly oxygen level testing to a finger splint design for a medical researcher. MIS is also preparing for much larger production in space. The company is testing a system that will produce ZBLAN optical fiber. When manufactured in space, this fiber will provide a faster response time and wider transmission windows for communication lines than a similar product produced on Earth. MIS plans to produce the fiber in space, bring it back to Earth and sell it for applications such as long-haul communication cables. Axiom Space The International Space Station plays a critical role in the plans of Made In Space and many other companies. For them, 2024 is a critical date, because ISS is scheduled to be decommissioned that year. Axiom Space intends to fill at least part of that gap. The Houston-based company plans not only to build a privately owned successor to ISS but also to train astronauts and tourists for space flights. The company will begin sending astronauts to ISS in 2019.  In 2020, it will send the first commercial module of the new space station to space to join up with ISS. “Through 2024, we will send up the rest of our modules and when ISS is retired, we separate off as a separate station,” explains Amir Blachman, Axiom’s vice president of strategic development. “All throughout that period, manufacturing in space in all its permutations will grow and grow.” The Axiom space station will be smaller than the ISS, but because it is being built for commercial customers, it will offer a larger manufacturing area. Blachman says it will also provide increased communication bandwidth and be able to handle a ceramic furnace. Axiom also expects to use SpaceX and Boeing to provide more flights to the space station. That will allow customers to move materials and products back and forth to the station on a more timely basis, Blachman notes. Blachman said the largest group of customers for the space station initially will be other nations that want to send astronauts to space. “We are talking about 20 different countries that want to send astronauts to space instead of the much narrower ISS group which is four countries plus the EU,” he says. Accion Systems Advances in electronics have allowed us to shrink all manner of products, from telephones to computers. That broad swath of miniaturized products also includes satellites. Given the huge cost to send large payloads into space, the attraction of equally capable smaller satellites is readily apparent. Accion Systems CEO Natalya Bailey was working in the space propulsion lab at MIT on a new type of ion engine that was ideal for these smaller satellites. Accion’s ion engine differs from traditional ion engines in that it uses a liquid propellant that can generate a very small-scale ion beam. “A standard ion engine is the size of a golf cart,” says Bailey. “We can build our smallest ion engine to be the size of a pack of gum and then we can scale it from there.” Accion also decided that it would use standard manufacturing machines and processes where possible to produce its engines, rather than deal with the time and expense associated with customized tooling. While the CubeSat form factor has received much attention in recent years, Bailey says there is some shifting toward somewhat larger 100 to 150 kilogram satellites. She said Accion is developing its engine in accord with that shift. “We expect to fly our first system as part of the qualification program at the end of year and in production shortly after that. Accion’s early customers are primarily large space companies such as Lockheed, Boeing and Orbital Sciences. Bailey said they have “deep pockets to try out some pretty risky technology and they make great partners if we run into problems or need some advanced technology equipment.” She anticipates that future customers will include the government and other commercial space companies. York Space Systems When it comes to building spacecraft, the model has been more Rolls-Royce than Ford or Chevy. “Satellites today are boutique, customized things where they are designed from mission to mission. They are redesigned every time,” says Dirk Wallinger, co-founder and CEO of York Space Systems. York’s aim, Wallinger explains, is to produce a spacecraft bus – the satellite structure, its electrical power subsystem, navigation command and communications uplink and downlink -  as “an industrial grade, standardized product utilizing advanced manufacturing techniques with low overhead costs. It enables us to deliver that product at a price point an order of magnitude below any other competitor.” The company is aiming its product at a middle ground between small CubeSat satellites with limited functionality and expensive government satellites. The company describes this product as a “universally applicable, moderately capable, satellite.” By building a spacecraft bus in a standardized fashion and reducing cost, Wallinger says, York is able to “remove barriers to entry to new customers” and increase the number of companies that can operate products in space. York is entering the production phase of its S-class platform and expects to have the platform take its inaugural flight in late 2017. Wallinger notes that the spacecraft bus was designed from the start to be mass produced in a highly automated fashion. While the original space race of the Cold War is long over, some industry observers believe there is a high-stakes commercial space race developing. Many refer to data as “the new oil,” says York’s Wallinger, and space is the key to harvesting this data. The commercial side of the space industry is still developing and Wallinger says it is critical for the U.S. to develop the advanced manufacturing technology that this expanding market for data will require. “If we wait too long and those capabilities are developed in other countries, we are going to be in a bad spot and we are going to lose a lot of those jobs that could have been U.S. jobs here,” Wallinger warns. Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles SpaceX Pulls Off First Reused Rocket Mission in Musk Triumph Bezos Aims Rocket Maker's Ferocity at Tourism to Cut Space Costs The Commercialization of Space: Selling the Final Frontier Turbines from Outer Space Lift Lockheed into New Energy Frontier Commercial Space Exploration—A Next Frontier for Manufacturers? Leadership Category Sponsored by Plex The Plex Manufacturing Cloud automates the plant floor and informs the top floor. See why Forrester named Plex Systems as the 2016 breakout SaaS ERP vendor. Learn why THE LATEST Waymo's Self-Driving Sensor Lawsuit Takes a New Turn Space: Manufacturing’s Final Frontier Secretary Ross Wants EXIM to Help Manufacturers Boost Exports Energy Companies Shedding Gas Stations Payroll Gains Slow, US Jobless Rate Lowest Since 2007 Adidas Looks to 3-D Printers for New Generation Sneaker Soles More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week Mar 31, 2017 Exclusive Even In New Digs, Immelt Paints As Big a Picture As Ever for GE 1 Just blocks from his new office (no longer “palatial” and no longer in Connecticut), General Electric CEO Jeff Immelt goes long on digital disruption, how to operate globally after all these years, and how the Trump Administration could affect manufacturing for years to come....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek Even In New Digs, Immelt Paints As Big a Picture As Ever for GE The Future Of Manufacturing Simple, Real and Powerful: How You Can Improve Your Presentations GE Digital's Secret Weapon Celebrity Sighting: Tesla's Model 3, out on the Open Road IW Webinars Increase Your International Sales: How to Make Sure You Have the Right Export Documentation Manufacturing's Great Debate Best Practices for IoT Success Manufacturing Trends: IndustryWeek/PwC Webinar Series Put Your Labor Data to Work: Unlock Improvements in Manufacturing with Engaged Employees View All Hot Topics Trump and Manufacturing The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers Leveraging Modern Data Science for Competitive Advantage Food Manufacturing Report: Enabling Farm-to-Table Track & Traceability with Mobile Technologies What's In the Gear that Service Techs Need? Mobile Vehicle and Heavy Equipment Repair Services The New Service Model Connected Quality Management More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: Changes in DHS morale? •Future of VA's mobile strategy•Faster promotions for Navy officers? Headlines Get Email Alerts Government News Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Part of Oklahoma air… Part of Oklahoma air base evacuated for ‘security concern’ By master and The Associated Press April 7, 2017 3:32 pm < a min read Share OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) — Officials say portions of a sprawling U.S. Air Force base have reopened in Oklahoma after being evacuated because of a “security concern.” Tinker Air Force Base said in a statement Friday that authorities evacuated an area near Gott Gate after security at the Oklahoma City base learned that a truck making a routine delivery was stopped due to the possibility of an explosive residue. Tinker officials say the Oklahoma County Sheriff’s Office responded and determined there was no threat to the base or surrounding buildings. The affected area was in the southeast corner of the base near private offices housing employees of The Boeing Company. The truck and its driver turned around and the delivery was denied. Online Chat: DJ Kachman, the Veterans Affairs Department’s director of mobile and security technology transformation lead, on April 10, at 1 p.m. Advertisement The base says the evacuation order was lifted around 11:30 a.m. Topics: All News Defense Government News U.S. News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Part of Oklahoma air… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Today in History 1954: Eisenhower gives famous 'domino theory' speech Fed Photo of the Day USDA employees volunteer at People's Garden Top Stories Bipartisan TSP bill aims to address limits on fund withdrawals Top Story Trump nominates two to fill key OMB roles and a new Army secretary People DHS secretary says employee morale is already changing Hearings/Oversight IRS notifying 100,000 financial aid applicants they might be tax ID victims Management OPM makes 14 percent reduction in retirement claims backlog Retirement THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER Apr 07, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.7188 -0.0029 1.73% L 2020 25.1507 -0.0070 2.91% L 2030 27.8665 -0.0116 4.13% L 2040 29.9257 -0.0142 4.73% L 2050 17.1194 -0.0087 5.28% G Fund 15.2831 0.0010 0.59% F Fund 17.6400 -0.0283 0.93% C Fund 32.6677 -0.0268 6.07% S Fund 42.4456 -0.0163 4.57% I Fund 26.2396 -0.0028 7.35% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2016 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets closed S&P 500 2,355.54 -1.95 (-0.08%) Dow 30 20,656.10 -6.85 (-0.03%) Nasdaq 5,877.81 -1.14 (-0.02%) Air Force Space Chief Open to Using Recycled SpaceX Rockets Reuters FortuneApril 6, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Air Force Space Chief Open to Using Recycled SpaceX RocketsMore The U.S. Air Force is open to buying rides on previously flown SpaceX rockets to put military satellites into orbit, a move expected to cut launch costs for the Pentagon, the head of the Air Force Space Command said on Thursday. The idea of flying on recycled rockets became a reality a week ago when privately owned Space Exploration Technologies, or SpaceX, launched a communications satellite on a Falcon 9 booster that previously put a cargo ship into orbit for NASA. That Falcon main stage had been recovered from a successful return landing on an ocean platform shortly after its maiden flight last April, then was relaunched and salvaged again last Thursday, marking a spaceflight first. “I would be comfortable if we were to fly on a reused booster,” General John “Jay” Raymond told reporters at the U.S. Space Symposium in Colorado Springs. “They’ve proven they can do it. ... It’s going to get us to lower cost.” SpaceX has so far won three launch contracts to fly military and national security satellites business previously awarded exclusively to United Launch Alliance, a partnership of Lockheed Martin and Boeing. All those flights will take place on new Falcon 9 rockets. SpaceX, owned and operated by technology entrepreneur Elon Musk, has a backlog of more than 70 missions worth more than $10 billion. After last week’s landmark launch, Musk said the company planned to fly about 20 more rockets this year, including the debut blastoff of its new heavy-lift vehicle. Up to six of those missions, including the Falcon Heavy, will use previously flown boosters, he said. Speaking at the symposium on Wednesday, SpaceX President Gwynne Shotwell said the cost of refurbishing and reflying the Falcon 9 first stage was “substantially less than half” the cost of manufacturing a new booster the most expensive part of the rocket. SpaceX’s website lists the cost of a basic Falcon 9 launch at $62 million. SpaceX expects to reduce costs even further. For more about SpaceX, watch: The company’s next goal is to launch and return a rocket and relaunch it within 24 hours. “That’s when we’ll really feel like we’ve got reusability right,” Shotwell said. Raymond said the Air Force would need to certify that a used booster could safely deliver its satellites into orbit. “I’m pretty comfortable we’ll get comfortable with doing it,” Raymond said. “This is just beginning.” This article was originally published on FORTUNE.com Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Pre-release Tesla Model 3 spotted near company headquarters SiliconBeat Orbital ATK's New Booster Wants to Give SpaceX a Run For Its Money Popular Mechanics The Air Force Wants a "Cloaking Device" for its Tankers Popular Mechanics How Jeff Bezos Funds Blue Origin; Porsche vs. Tesla? -- Tech Roundup The Street Air Force space chief open to flying on recycled SpaceX rockets Reuters Here's What Firing 59 Tomahawk Missiles at Syria's Airfield Cost The Fiscal Times The Target boycott cost more than anyone expected — and the CEO was blindsided Business Insider Here's how much the average family has saved for retirement at every age CNBC A massive asteroid is going to zip past Earth later this month BGR News What you need to know about the Tomahawk missiles that struck Syria Yahoo Finance Video Stocks wobble after Syria strike, jobs report Yahoo Finance The most expensive house in Georgia is on the market for $48 million—take a look inside CNBC Bannon reportedly told to 'lay low' as White House denies reports of Trump shake-up CNBC I drove the electric Chevy Bolt all weekend and only freaked out once Yahoo Finance Hunt for Why We Exist Turns to Weird Atomic Decay LiveScience.com The 'bralette' boom Yahoo Finance Video Exclusive: Situation in Syria constitutes international armed conflict - Red Cross Wendy Jane: So without confirmation of who used the deadly gas, the government or the rebels, trump went and bombed their army? Brilliant. Anything to distract people from the fact he has no clue how to be President. Tweeting an accusation of a felony towards Obama only distracted people for a short time - guess it's now bombing other countries. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 812
Army Technology News, views and contacts from the global Army industry Log in or Register Vehicles Vehicles Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Hitting the track with Boston Dynamics’ Handle Hitting the track with Boston Dynamics’ Handle Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 Analysis Trends in protected mobility: insights from the International Armoured Vehicles conference Trends in protected mobility: insights from the International Armoured Vehicles conference Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 72 Global Defence Technology: Issue 72 Soldier Systems Soldier Systems Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Hitting the track with Boston Dynamics’ Handle Hitting the track with Boston Dynamics’ Handle Analysis Dragonfire: the road to battlefield ready laser weaponry Dragonfire: the road to battlefield ready laser weaponry Analysis The EU’s new non-combatant army The EU’s new non-combatant army Analysis Repair and protect: damage detection for soldier safety Repair and protect: damage detection for soldier safety C4ISR C4ISR Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Under the skin of a made-for-military microgrid Under the skin of a made-for-military microgrid Analysis The critical importance of NATO communications The critical importance of NATO communications Analysis Is a new cold war brewing in the Arctic? Is a new cold war brewing in the Arctic? Analysis The next generation of wearable sensors for frontline troops The next generation of wearable sensors for frontline troops Ordnance Ordnance Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Dragonfire: the road to battlefield ready laser weaponry Dragonfire: the road to battlefield ready laser weaponry Analysis The EU’s new non-combatant army The EU’s new non-combatant army Analysis US defence under Trump: what can we expect? US defence under Trump: what can we expect? Projects Hydra-70 Rocket System Hydra-70 Rocket System Logistics Logistics Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis The EU’s new non-combatant army The EU’s new non-combatant army Analysis Under the skin of a made-for-military microgrid Under the skin of a made-for-military microgrid Analysis One Atlas: the worlds most advanced satellite imagery library One Atlas: the worlds most advanced satellite imagery library Analysis Timeline: 100 years of tanks Timeline: 100 years of tanks Training and Simulation Training and Simulation Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Rolls-Royce row: could a weak UK defence budget force a British icon to leave the sector? Rolls-Royce row: could a weak UK defence budget force a British icon to leave the sector? Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 68 Global Defence Technology: Issue 68 Analysis Inside ASDOT: the UK MoD’s new fighter trainer Inside ASDOT: the UK MoD’s new fighter trainer Security Security Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis With today's advanced explosive detectors, is it time to retire the K9? With today's advanced explosive detectors, is it time to retire the K9? Analysis Under the skin of a made-for-military microgrid Under the skin of a made-for-military microgrid Analysis Trends in protected mobility: insights from the International Armoured Vehicles conference Trends in protected mobility: insights from the International Armoured Vehicles conference Analysis US defence under Trump: what can we expect? US defence under Trump: what can we expect? Market Data Market Data Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Build and rebuild: Germany's future defence strategy Build and rebuild: Germany's future defence strategy Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis Is the British Army keeping up with Putin’s troops? Is the British Army keeping up with Putin’s troops? Projects Hydra-70 Rocket System Hydra-70 Rocket System Technology Technology Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Hitting the track with Boston Dynamics’ Handle Hitting the track with Boston Dynamics’ Handle Analysis With today's advanced explosive detectors, is it time to retire the K9? With today's advanced explosive detectors, is it time to retire the K9? Analysis Dragonfire: the road to battlefield ready laser weaponry Dragonfire: the road to battlefield ready laser weaponry Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 Companies Companies Company A-Z » Products & Services » Press Releases » White Papers » Videos » Suppliers Composite Components - Composite Parts and Assembly Manufacture and Testing for Defence Industries Composite Parts and Assembly Manufacture and Testing for Defence Industries Suppliers Gamma Technical Corporation - CBRN Defence Equipment for the Military Industry CBRN Defence Equipment for the Military Industry Suppliers Hammar Maskin - Military Container Handling and Transporting Equipment Military Container Handling and Transporting Equipment Suppliers National Institute for Nuclear, Chemical and Biological Protection - Testing and Training for the CBRN Environment Testing and Training for the CBRN Environment Videos Events All Sections All Sections Projects » Analysis » Company A-Z » Products & Services » News » Press Releases » White Papers » Comment » Advertise With Us » Report Store » About us » Composite Components Composite Parts and Assembly Manufacture and Testing for Defence Industries Company Details Products & Services White Papers Videos Press Releases Regional Offices Contact Company Composite Components is an advanced composite manufacturer that performs / offers closed moulding, compression moulding, and open mould pre-impregnated composite lamination services. We have computer-aided design / computer-aided manufacturing (CAD / CAM) capabilities and export components worldwide. Composite Components is currently involved in defence, sea, land and aerospace, automotive, mining, oil and gas, architectural, medical and recreational sectors. Component manufacture methods We custom design and manufacture components and assemblies using fabrics such as carbon, kevlar and glass fibre amongst others. We also recognise and use other methods such as resin transfer moulding (RTM) or vacuum infusion, which are known as closed moulding techniques and utilise resin systems, including polyester, vinylester and epoxy. Utilising these processes, high-quality parts are produced due the controlled resin / reinforcement ratios. An often overlooked benefit of these practices is the clean and toxin / fume-free workplace environment that comes with these advanced manufacturing methods. CAD modelling for computer analysis and 3D models Composite Components has in-house CAD capabilities and creates computer models for master patterns, moulds or further computer analysis such as computational fluid dynamics (CFD) or finite element analysis (FEA). We also receive and update 3D models according to client specifications. We embraced this technology from the beginning of our company and since then have been fostering good relationships with CAM designers and engineers to maximise the benefits that CAD / CAM / FEA / CFD and other computer analysis can create. Project assembly and equipment Within our 600m² premises, we have a large area for assembly of projects, a temperature-controlled clean room for laminating and production of components, and a dedicated trimming and drilling room to maintain a clean and dust-free environment to work in. We run two high-temperature ovens for curing of parts and post curing of assemblies. The larger oven measures 5.5m x 2m x 2m internal capacity operating up to 140°C, delivering consistent (high) vacuum pressure during cure cycles. Additional production capacity in enhanced by our 35t hydraulic heated press with a platen size of 1,000mm x 600mm x 250mm, capable of reaching 200°C in 30 minutes for rapid production of composite parts. We predominantly use pre-preg materials so our custom-made, walk-in freezer houses up to 20 rolls of different materials. We also have a computer numerical control (CNC) router for trimming machining tasks and we designed and built a CNC cutter plotter measuring 6m x 2m to accurately plot and cut our reinforcement materials for production runs generated from the CAD / CAM software. In addition, we make extensive use of our five 3D fused deposition modelling (FDM) plastic printers and use them for prototyping, master patterns, full size accurate moulds and scale models, and are currently working on a 3D scanner to accurately 'map' structures and objects into a 3D point cloud before translating that into a 3D CAD model. Current and past work - UAV target drone airframe construction Composite Components were contracted by Air Affairs Australia to structurally design, conduct material selection and manufacture the Phoenix Target Drone Airframe in 2005. Since then we have manufactured more than 60 autonomous-flight target drones for Air Affairs Australia. The all-composite epoxy / fibreglass 'pre-preg' construction is the key element in the success of this target drone. The airframe incorporates approved fire, smoke, toxicity (FST) materials, ensuring in the event of a fire the airframe will not propagate that fire and self-extinguish, a unique point of difference from other drones. The 10kg airframe weight ensures the drones are easily catapult launched and are able to accelerate up to and exceed 350k, with a maximum altitude of 20,000ft. Equipped with a parachute for recovery and a fully autonomous GPS autopilot for guidance, this drone has an endurance time of 90 minutes and can withstand high G loads during the high-speed flights. Composite UAV engine components Composite Components has been producing engine shrouds and aero fairings for Orbital Engine since 2012 after they received a production order from IAI Textron / Aerosonde for a US Marines procurement contract. The completion of the Textron contact led to an order from Boeing for UAV engines to suit the new Scan Eagle design. The Textron order saw more than 300 engine shrouds produced over one year. The approach and design of the engine shrouds for both products are different, but both designs dealt with factors such as allowance for damage while continuing flight operations, corrosion, aerodynamic engine efficiencies and weight. About Composite Components Composite Components is managed and operated by Glen Oldfield, who has more than 30 years experience and is well regarded in the composites industry. The company works with composite manufacturers and suppliers worldwide, sourcing materials for research, development and manufacturing purposes. In 2006, we purchased our workspace facility, which has been in operation over the last ten years with all the plant and equipment required to manufacture innovative composite and technical solutions. We are a small company that consistently deliver strong solutions across a broad range of fields and received an Australian Design Award in 2006, as well as JEC composites nominations in 2004 and 2010. Contact Details Composite Components Bibra Lake Western Australia 6163 Australia +61 8 6191 0346 info@compositecomponents.com.au www.compositecomponents.com.au Make an enquiry First Name Last Name Email Address Enquiry 
 Message Company Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Make an enquiry First Name Last Name Email Address Enquiry 
 Message Company Company Images Composite Component's main method of manufacturing is hand laminating or layup of pre-impregnated fabrics such as carbon, keylar, glass fibre or a combination. The company also uses closed moulding techniques such as resin transfer moulding (RTM) or vacuum infusion. These advanced manufacturing methods offer a clean and toxin-free work environment. Superior parts are produced due to these particular manufacturing types because of the controlled resin / reinforcement ratios and enhanced aesthetic value. Composite Components' 3D CAD modelling capability can model master patterns or moulds in various formats. We have in-house CAD capability and create computer models for master patterns, moulds or analysis. Composite Components has a large project assembly area within its company premises. Composite Components has manufactured more than 60 autonomous-flight target drones for Air Affairs. Contact us Advertise with us Terms and conditions Privacy Links About us Digital Magazine Follow us: www.army-technology.com is a product of Kable. Copyright 2017 Kable, a trading division of Kable Intelligence Limited.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Start saving now! SpaceX says its recycled rocket will help it blast humans to Mars for $200,000 a ticket (although you may die) SpaceX President said cost of refurbishment cut Falcon 9 price in half And, the firm has plans to eventually cut it to a tenth the cost of building new one In the past, Elon Musk said the goal is for Mars trip to cost $200,000 per person The talks suggest lower costs of reused rockets could help them toward the goal By Cheyenne Macdonald For Dailymail.com Published: 12:43 EDT, 7 April 2017 | Updated: 13:36 EDT, 7 April 2017 e-mail 27 shares 12 View comments It would be the trip of a lifetime – and possibly your last – but just how much would you be willing to pay for a chance to visit the red planet? Following SpaceX's successful launch of a reused rocket last week, the firm says hopefuls should now be 'thinking about your tickets to Mars.' Elon Musk has said he plans to get the cost of travel down to $200,000 per person, and at a recent symposium in Colorado Springs, SpaceX President Gwynne Shotwell suggested the use of refurbished rockets could ultimately help them hit the target. Scroll down for video  Following SpaceX's successful launch of a reused rocket last week (pictured), the firm says hopefuls should now be 'thinking about your tickets to Mars.' In the past, Elon Musk has said he plans to get the cost of travel down to $200,000 per person While shipping humans to Mars en masse would be no small feat, the successful demonstration of a refurbished rocket marked a major step in the way of cutting costs. 'I hope you're all thinking about tickets to Mars,' Gwynne Shotwell said at the 33rd Space Symposium on Wednesday, addressing anyone who may still have lingering doubts, Inverse reports. '[Reusability is] really a tremendous capability, and I highly recommend it for all of you. 'Cost of refurbishment [for the Falcon 9] was substantially less than half of the rebuild.' RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next McDonald's encourages wannabe employees to apply via... Sophisticated 2,000-year-old Roman settlement is discovered... Would you hop aboard? Bizarre concept shows a multi-person... 'Stellar fireworks' sparked by two stars colliding in the... Share this article Share 27 shares While much larger rockets will be required for the Mars excursion, the firm plans to reduce costs of the Falcon 9 even further, with a goal of getting reused rockets down to a tenth of the cost of building a new one, Inverse reports. And, just a day after the ground-breaking launch, Elon Musk revealed he already has his eyes on the next goal - to recycle and refly rockets within 24 hours. For the first few trips to Mars, though, money won't be the only cost – travelers must also be ready for the possibility of death. Blast off! The incedible images reveal the historic launch close up. Elon Musk also revealed the record breaking attempt had seen the firm parachute the rockets $6m nosecone, clearly visible in the center image, back to Earth for the first time Musk has never made any obvious efforts to downplay the risk; citing the high probability of death on the early trips, the tech giant even said he wouldn't be among the first to step foot on the red planet.  'I think the first journeys to Mars will be really very dangerous,' Musk said in September. 'The risk of fatality will be high. There's just no way around it.' 'Are you prepared to die? If that's okay, then you're a candidate for going,' he added. US AIR FORCE SHOWS INTEREST IN SPACEX'S REUSED ROCKETS  The U.S. Air Force is open to buying rides on previously flown SpaceX rockets to put military satellites into orbit, a move expected to cut launch costs for the Pentagon, the head of the Air Force Space Command said on Thursday. The idea of flying on recycled rockets became a reality a week ago when privately owned Space Exploration Technologies, or SpaceX, launched a communications satellite on a Falcon 9 booster that previously put a cargo ship into orbit for NASA. That Falcon main stage had been recovered from a successful return landing on an ocean platform shortly after its maiden flight last April, then was relaunched and salvaged again last Thursday, marking a spaceflight first. 'I would be comfortable if we were to fly on a reused booster,' General John 'Jay' Raymond told reporters at the U.S. Space Symposium in Colorado Springs.  'They've proven they can do it. ... It's going to get us to lower cost.' SpaceX has so far won three launch contracts to fly military and national security satellites - business previously awarded exclusively to United Launch Alliance, a partnership of Lockheed Martin and Boeing. All those flights will take place on new Falcon 9 rockets. - Reuters Musk isn't alone in admitting he won't be vying for the first seat aboard the Mars-bound craft. In a recent 'Ask Me Anything' (AMA) session on Reddit, astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson expressed his hesitance on the subject. 'I really like Earth. So any space trip I take, I'm double-checking that there's sufficient funds for me to return,' he wrote.  'Also, I'm not taking that trip until Elon Musk send[s] his mother and brings her back alive. Then I'm good for it.' Musk has never made any obvious efforts to downplay the risk; citing the high probability of death on the early trips, the tech giant even said he wouldn't be among the first to step foot on the red planet SpaceX is also planning to send two private citizens beyond the moon, in a crewed mission that's set to launch next year. It will be the first time in 45 years humans have been in deep space, said the company, promising its mission will go 'faster and further' than any humans before them. The week-long mission will take place sometime in late 2018 and will 'skim the surface of the moon' then venture into deep space before returning to Earth. ELON MUSKS'S INTERPLANETARY TRANSPORT SYSTEM   The Interplanetary Transport System (ITS), was formerly known as the Mars Colonial Transporter (MCT).  The spacecraft is designed to be used with the company's large Raptor rocket engine.  It will use a giant rocket booster with a 12m diameter and 49 engines, and a special shuttle with a 17m diameter, making the entire rocket stack 122 m high. They will launch with empty fuel tanks and refuel in orbit. Once on Mars, they would make more methane fuel for the return journey.  Read more: SpaceX President Gwynne Shotwell Is Bullish About Future Trip to Mars | Inverse Share or comment on this article e-mail 27 shares Most watched News videos Terrified people flee scene of Stockholm truck attack Police tackle man to the ground moments after terror attack Footage appears to show hangars damaged by US air strike in Syria Fury as female traveller rests her SMELLY feet on coach seat Man missing for months is found in giant hole in woods People run in fear as truck drives into people in Stockholm Emergency services respond to people lying on the ground Girl in India found living with monkeys dubbed Mowgli 2.0 Question Time audience member demands apology from Diane Abbott USS Porter launches Tomahawk missiles at the Al-Shayrat Air Base Trump orders launch of 50 Tomahawk missiles on Syrian airbase Moment USS Ross launches Tomahawk missiles into Syria The moment Stockholm police catch the third beer truck... Is this the rudest backpacker ever? French tourist... Furious Putin calls US airstrikes an 'illegal act of... PIERS MORGAN: Trump was right to bomb Assad. If the evil... Incredible moment teenager walking in the woods shouts... Kremlin tells U.S. it's 'one step from war' as Trump... Family pay tribute to Romanian tourist, 31, 'cruelly... Assad's base in ruins: Dramatic satellite photos reveal... Shocking moment terror suspect is wrestled to floor by... Dear neighbours... sorry about the building work, here's... Shameless Diane Abbott REFUSES to apologise for branding... 'Mowgli girl' found living with monkeys is filmed walking... Baby Charlie's parents sob as court-appointed guardian... How Trump unleashed awesome arsenal on Assad: Tomahawk... What do YOU think this says? Next greetings card has... Jane the Virgin star offered $1.5M A YEAR for weekly sex... Trump at war: White House reveals president's improvised... Why didn’t Putin’s Growlers intercept Trump’s Tomahawks?... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 12 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual. Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona. No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. The post will be credited to your MailOnline username. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Were the 'two maidens' of Pompeii really gay lovers? Tests reveal iconic preserved figures found wrapped in... 'Stellar fireworks' sparked by two stars colliding in the Orion constellation are captured in breathtaking... Sophisticated 2,000-year-old Roman settlement is discovered underneath Britain's longest road Earth-like planet is discovered just 219 light years away that experts believe could host ALIEN life From an artificial gravity chamber and a fuel free engine to a Martian airship: NASA funds 22 sci-fi... Uber fires back at Google spinoff in self-driving car case and claims its technology is 'fundamentally... Jupiter shows off its famous Great Red Spot and colourful swirls in a dazzling close-up snapped by Nasa's... How your dog ALWAYS knows where you've hidden the treats: Experiment shows canines can see things from their... Why loving dogs is good for your health: People exposed to pets from an early age are less likely to be... The knife-wielding robot that can STAB in 60 positions and could help solve grisly murders The mystery behind THAT blue and black dress is finally solved: Scientists reveal why some people see it as... Start saving now! SpaceX says its recycled rocket will help it blast humans to Mars for $200,000 a ticket... Put that eggplant away! App reveals which emoji to use to make sure you bag yourself a date online Adult theme parks where you can get drunk and shoot robots, digital drugs and spray on clothes: Tech firm... McDonald's encourages wannabe employees to apply via SNAPCHAT MORE HEADLINES Were the 'two maidens' of Pompeii really gay lovers? Tests reveal iconic preserved figures found wrapped in a poignant embrace after deadly volcano are both MEN The mystery behind THAT blue and black dress is finally solved: Scientists reveal why some people see it as white and gold - and it's all to do with what time you wake up Earth-like planet is discovered just 219 light years away that experts believe could host ALIEN life Adult theme parks where you can get drunk and shoot robots, digital drugs and spray on clothes: Tech firm reveals its vision of life in 2050 Jupiter shows off its famous Great Red Spot and colourful swirls in a dazzling close-up snapped by Nasa's Hubble Telescope 'Stellar fireworks' sparked by two stars colliding in the Orion constellation are captured in breathtaking photographs How your dog ALWAYS knows where you've hidden the treats: Experiment shows canines can see things from their owner's perspective Start saving now! SpaceX says its recycled rocket will help it blast humans to Mars for $200,000 a ticket (although you may die) He's hungry for success! Man attempts new internet world record of 18 MILLION re-tweets for a year's free supply of chicken nuggets From an artificial gravity chamber and a fuel free engine to a Martian airship: NASA funds 22 sci-fi proposals that could ‘expand how we explore the universe’ From a moon that looks like the Death Star to a happy face on Mars: Hilarious photos show the funnier side of space travel Bob Ross as you've never seen him before: Psychedelic clip shows painter through the eyes of Google's DeepDream neural network Google introduces new global fact-checking tag to help filter 'fake news' Would you hop aboard? Bizarre concept shows a multi-person motorcycle the size of a city BUS Would you eat from a plate made of POO? Italy's 'S**t Museum' turns manure into Tuscan pottery MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today Mama June shocks by dropping into Sugar Bear's wedding after massive weight loss effort in dramatic From Not to Hot finale Made a grand entrance  Caitlyn Jenner admits regrets in new Diane Sawyer interview... after admitting the Kardashians have frozen her out Opening up Making the beach her runway! Cindy Crawford wows in white and mint bikini while frolicking in St. Barts She's currently on vacation with her family Cindy Crawford's model daughter Kaia Gerber sports lilac bikini as she enjoys a dip in St Barths Hung out at the beach with her mom and dad Family tradition! Jessa, Jill and Jinger Duggar reveal the nostalgic thing they did to their wedding dresses to remind them of their mother It's not just beaches! From canyons to nature reserves, why Los Angeles has the best outdoor spaces  SPONSORED Bringing the glam! Johnny Depp's ex Amber Heard cuts a sophisticated figure as she leads the stars at benefit gala in LA Sported a bow tie 'New hair, who dis?' Zoe Kravitz debuts brand new pixie cut on Instagram after chopping off all her hair One snap showed her braids on the tile floor Date night! Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley shows off her growing baby bump in LBD after dinner with fiance Jason Statham Expecting her first child  Renee Zellweger is practically unrecognizable as she ditches the blonde for brunette in Same Kind Of Different As Me teaser Making a splash! Courteney Cox, 52, looks sensational in black bikini as she hits the waves in the Bahamas The actress was looking better than ever 'What's better than sweats?' Britney Spears gets comfortable in a cropped T-shirt and shows off her impressive abs and cheeky tattoos Misty mornings, dreamy sunsets and picture-perfect cocktails: 12 Instagram photos that perfectly capture the LA vibe SPONSORED From the spa to the slopes? Lena Dunham emerges from a holistic health session in a ski-themed sweater Spotted looking fresh faced The apple of their eye! Claire Danes and husband Hugh Dancy hold hands with son Cyrus during nature hike The family was spotted enjoying the sun Jenna Jameson shares first picture of newborn baby girl after welcoming third child at 42... and reveals her VERY unusual name Tot weighed in at 8lbs  They're in paradise! Sleepy Hollow star Lyndie Greenwood shows off bikini body during romantic getaway to Los Cabos with beau Ben Jamieson 'My fellas!': Jurnee Smollett-Bell shares first photo of 5-month-old son Hunter with husband Josiah Bell Welcomed in November Gabrielle Union dons vibrant canary yellow parachute pants and avian-inspired embroidered coat for night out with husband Dwyane Wade Carrie Fisher's brother confirms Princess Leia WILL appear in Star Wars Episode IX... which will be released three years after her death Not using CGI 'Mom and dad co-parenting': Kourtney Kardashian insists she's NOT back with Scott Disick after Hawaii trip as she gets lunch with Kim and Khloe Travel buddies! Katherine Heigl shares sweet snap of her smiling baby boy while waiting to board flight to LA Her flight was delayed Guardian of the gal-waxy! Zoe Saldana unveils her waxwork at Madame Tussauds in Hollywood Joined by her husband, mother and grandmother She's a knockout! Brooke Burke shows off svelte abs as she squares up to a punch bag Wore a red sports bra and slouchy grey pants She rocks! Megan Fox dons ripped jeans and large crystal for shopping jaunt in Malibu Wore a large stone, which appeared to be an amethyst 'THIS is 41!' Candace Cameron Bure's trainer reveals how she helped the star sculpt chiseled abs and a toned body that put people half her age 'to shame' Just SEVEN ads ran on Bill O'Reilly's show after nearly 60 companies boycotted it following sex harassment claims against the host - but ratings didn't suffered Love's young dream: Billie Lourd and Taylor Lautner enjoy kisses in the sea on romantic getaway to St Barts  Carrie Fisher's daughter and her Twilight beau Orange Is The New Black's Diane Guerrero flaunts her fabulous physique in tropical swimsuit while puckering up to mystery man in Miami 'A 100% successful transplant': Danny Masterson shares photo of wife Bijou Phillips with her kidney donor after life-saving surgery She's now recovering Bella Thorne flaunts her bikini body on Instagram for World Health Day... after claiming she was depressed Hid her face The incredible shrinking man! Jonah Hill shows off major weight loss as he grabs lunch in LA with gal pal  Ventured out for a bite with a friend That's how she does it! Kelly Bensimon shows how she gets her ageless bikini bod as she packs a punch  The 48-year-old returned to New York on Friday This is 33! Mandy Moore celebrates her birthday early with boyfriend Taylor Goldsmith and pals at Disneyland Happiest Place On Earth Gerard Butler sports unkempt beard and cable knit jumper as he continues shooting new film Keeper in Scotland Looked different from his usual dapper self Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful in leopard-print dress as she joins Jasmine Tookes and Olivia Palermo at fragrance luncheon Something to tell us? Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle reveals she is shutting down her lifestyle blog after three years, while romance with royal heats up First ladies Melania Trump and Peng Liyuan  interviewed by student journalists and pupils sing about empowering women as the pair bond at Palm Beach school  Big Little Frappe! Reese Witherspoon picks up an iced coffee after sweating it out at yoga Filled up with a big cream topped Frappe 'It brought her to tears': 'Emotional Cheryl touched' after Ashley Cole wished her and Liam Payne 'only happiness' following the birth of their first child New Game Of Thrones costumes for highly anticipated seventh season revealed in HBO promo The next season doesn't air until July Stephen Belafonte is barred from distributing any Mel B sex tapes as she claims the 'nanny he got pregnant is holding them hostage and is still on his payroll' Black to basics! Kim Kardashian embraces her dark side as she flashes sideboob in busty bodysuit for lunch outing Met up with her sisters Fun in the sun! Kevin Hart treats wife and two kids to island vacation after wrapping film, The Untouchables The actor put his muscular abs on display Gordon Ramsay reflects on close friendship with David Beckham and insists that their children will never be romantically involved Cheat day! Khloe Kardashian flashes her bra in sheer top as she digs into 200 calorie frozen yogurt cone after dieting down to 128lbs Went from a size 12 to 4 Simon Cowell reveals 'incredible' Mel B is 'under pressure but in a good place'... in light of nasty split from ex Stephen Belafonte She filed for divorce Don't start believin! Steve Perry will NOT perform with former band Journey at Rock And Roll Hall Of Fame induction Fans were excited 'I'm a happily married man!': Alec Baldwin clarifies when he said he fell in love with Tina Fey he meant he fell in love with her 'talent' Didn't hold back Hair raising! Sarah Michelle Gellar styles her tresses in eye-catching updo as she promotes new cookbook Turns 40 next Friday Ivanka Trump gushes over Arabella and Joseph serenading Xi Jinping and his wife in Mandarin during the Chinese president's meeting with Donald  Comfort first! Rihanna makes fashion faux pas wearing socks and sandals at LAX after Japan trip She made a surprising fashion choice Bad hair day! Ashlee Simpson is nearly unrecognizable with wild blonde locks after a workout in LA The star seemed to have left her comb at home Spring break: Pink keeps her post-baby body under wraps while in Mexico as she shares a snap of four-month old Jameson Family vacation 'That image was taken to represent some kind of sexual misconduct': Cuba Gooding explains how playful moment with Sarah Paulson was twisted 'They ARE supportive!': Jordan Rodgers' fiancée JoJo Fletcher gushed about his family just hours before outcast Aaron split from Olivia Munn Glow on the go! Kate Bosworth looks radiant as she touches down after cross country flight The 34-year-old star looked fresh faced when she arrived Friday Kim Zolciak and Brielle accuse Flywheel of 'fat-shaming' their chef, claiming the company refused to let them film there, because the staffer is overweight Little People, Big World's Amy Roloff opens up about ex-husband's 'hurtful' new relationship with family confidante Vents about the romance Mike 'The Situation' Sorrentino from Jersey Shore hit with tax evasion charge that could send him to prison while awaiting trial for not reporting $8.9m earnings Bling it on! Kanye West is launching a jewelry line... and his wife Kim Kardashian has already been modeling the chunky gold pieces for months Who needs Mar-a-lago? Marla Maples practices yoga at Villa Borghese in Rome Filming segment for the Italian version of DWTS  'She had black eye and bruising everywhere': Sharon Osbourne speaks out on '10 years of physical and mental abuse Mel B suffered at hands of husband' Mel B sports floral print midi-dress as she step out in Hollywood... after her lawyers 'win court order' barring estranged Stephen Belafonte from releasing sex tapes Exes Iggy Azalea and Nick Young list Tarzana mansion for $3.6M... after rapper reveals she now lives in a 'regular' house Broke up in June 2016 Mel B claims her husband made her join in threesomes and got the nanny pregnant... but now he's set to hit back with explosive claims of his own The A-Z of Pippa's big day: Carole's the party planner. Naughty Uncle Gary IS invited, but Harry's Meghan WON'T be there Society event Sexy Cindy! Ms Crawford, 51, poses TOPLESS on the beach while modeling 'mom jeans' after flaunting her bikini body in St Barts Put snap on Instagram Going on a beer run! Makeup-free Anne Hathaway joins husband Adam Shulman as they pick up a pack of craft brew from LA grocery store Jane the Virgin star offered $1.5M A YEAR for weekly sex romps with NHL owner she says in police report that claims married father grew obsessed with her From Rihanna's new jewelry collaboration with Chopard to Harley Viera-Newton's line of dresses, we reveal the fashions we're loving this week Singer Ricky Martin has been cast as Gianni Versace's lover Antonio D'Amico in Ryan Murphy's Versace: American Crime Story Murdered 20 years ago Holland Taylor, 74, looks youthful in sporty gear as she legs it around town without girfriend Sarah Paulson  She's celebrating 50 years in showbiz  'Sometimes I feel like I can't get out of bed': Olympic gymnast Aly Raisman on competing while battling debilitating periods Aiming for 2020 games Photos offer a rare look at Andy Warhol and his Factory friends prowling around the streets of New York City in the 1960s Artist died in 1987 Hotting up! Sofia Vergara covers up in just a bedsheet as she films racy scene with co-star Karl Urban for new movie Bent in Italy She plays ruthless agent Olivia Munn and Aaron Rodgers 'break up after three years'... amid claims the sexy actress was at the center of NFL star's family feud  Shocking revelations Nautical and nice! Age-defying Elizabeth Hurley, 51, sizzles as she flaunts her busty assets and enviably toned midriff in TINY string bikini 'Thanks for greatest proposal ever!': Emma Stone responds to teen's La La Land-inspired prom request adding he resembles Ryan Gosling She's a new Girl! Lena Dunham twirls in vintage designer dress just like supermodel Naomi Campbell... before donning her jeans for an outing 'Whoa u shady!': Chrissy Teigen responds in awe after children's character Arthur ribs 'look-alike' John Legend over his yellow top on Twitter Is a healthy MIND key to a toned body? Khloe Kardashian's Revenge Body trainer reveals her simple tips to get in top shape (and it's all down to mental wellbeing!) Mama June reveals daughter Honey Boo Boo has dropped 7lbs as family join in weight loss effort Alana, 11, inspired by mom's makeover EXCLUSIVE: Kellyanne Conway's mom defends her father Jimmy 'the Brute' DiNatale, saying nickname was earned because of his strength NOT his Mafia ties  Indecent exposure! Bella Hadid flashes naked hips as she pulls down sweatpants to reveal SHEER bodysuit in move that leaves fans gawking in NYC Following in her big sister's footsteps: Pippa Middleton steps out in a sweater and skinny jeans just a day after Kate opted for a near identical outfit  Kylie Jenner slashes price of luxury 'starter home' by ANOTHER $300K to $3.3M The 5-bedroom house was first listed for $3.9M in June last year 'I can't wait to see him as James Bond': Oscar winning writer John Ridley lets slip Idris Elba is set for iconic 007 role He would be first black actor to play secret agent 'He stuck with me!' Meghan Trainor reveals she couldn't talk for three months after vocal surgery... so her boyfriend learned sign language Mel B 'has changed divorce petition to request permanent sole custody of daughter Madison' amid feud with estranged husband Stephen Belafonte  Beret quirky! Rita Ora rocks mismatched striped shirt and joggers ensemble as she heads to the studio to record new music in London Axed ANTM host Adele's 2011 hit album 21 makes history as longest-charting album by a woman on Billboard 200... beating Carole King's classic Tapestry Its 319th week on chart 'Can we watch something else?': Adam Sandler admits daughters don't like his movies The 50-year-old actor sat down with Ellen  BREAKING NEWS: Stage and screen actor Tim Pigott-Smith has died aged 70  British star best known for 1984 mini-series The Jewel in the Crown Crop of the morning! Scout Willis shows off her taut waist in sports bra and shorts after hitting the gym Bruce and Demi's 25-year-old daughter Riding on! Alec Baldwin's son Rafael is in the driving seat as the two head out for coffee with mom Hilaria It's been another eventful week for Baldwin clan Supermodel Joan Smalls cups her bountiful assets as she shows off sensational figure while bathing in a Jamaican pool for swimwear campaign 'There is nothing more fun than playing ridiculous comedic villains': Smurfs actor Rainn Wilson reveals what it's like to be the bad guy  Newly-single Kylie Jenner 'in the midst of a love triangle as two rappers vie for her attention'... following split from long-term beau Tyga Rosie And Her Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat: Pregnant supermodel Huntington-Whiteley covers growing bump as she heads to a meeting in New York Here comes the hotstepper: Kate Upton shows off a series of bizarre moves as she competes against Jimmy Fallon in hilarious dance-off Auditioning for Baywatch? Heidi Klum models very sexy red bikini as she races through the ocean with her daughter Lou in Turks And Caicos EXCLUSIVE: Housewives Sheree Whitfield, Jill Zarin, Joanna Krupa and Gretchen Rossi to star in new SITCOM portraying washed up reality stars  Kimmel pays emotional tribute to master of insults Don Rickles as footage is released of comedian's final TV project after he passed away aged 90 'Happy Friday!' Geri Horner shows off trim stomach just TWO MONTHS after giving birth as she kicks off her weekend in social media video Lord Snowdon's former mistress and their now teenage lovechild join Queen  Elizabeth at thanksgiving service in memory of the late photographer  Pippa Middleton 'BANS sexy model Vogue Williams from attending her wedding'... despite her dating groom James Matthews' brother Spencer Splish splash! Kaia Gerber and father Rande swim in the surf during their  family vacation to St Barts Cindy Crawford's model daughter  Gigi Hadid makes low-key appearance in Paris as she ditches her usual catwalk glam for a casual pair of mom jeans and biker boots Still looked stylish Paquin a punch: True Blood's Anna goes completely naked to romp with Downton Abbey star Allen Leech in Canadian drama Bellevue Eyes up here! Courtney Stodden flashes lots of flesh in plunging tank top and skin tight skirt at LA bash Partying at 1OAK  in West Hollywood 'The lies!' Kandi Burruss bawls at Porsha Williams over 'rapist' claim in wild sneak peek of RHOA reunion Ultimate showdown 'You should get her number Mel': Irish model Holly Carpenter reveals singer's 'creepy' ex husband Stephen Belafonte invited her to one of their parties Willing and Abel? Leggy Selena Gomez attempts to keep a  low profile as she and The Weeknd slip out of Hollywood hotspot on romantic date night  'I feel unsafe': Former Savage Garden singer Darren Hayes says he worries about holding hands with husband Richard Cullen 'in public situations'  Kim Kardashian's famous sex tape with Ray J has netted '$100million since its release TEN years ago' The homemade video made her a star I'll be there for you! Courteney Cox hugs her daughter Coco as they return to LA from Florida break... following the youngster's music video debut Game Of Thrones' Nathalie Emmanuel teams animal print top with asymmetric mini skirt as she heads to Jimmy Kimmel show  British beauty stunned 'I hated THAT diet, it was torture': Action star Jai Courtney reveals how he stays buff in Hollywood including his strict diet for Terminator Genisys Model Charlotte McKinney shows off her ample cleavage in a low-cut top and high-rise jeans as she stops to buy gas in Los Angeles Busy running errands Top table! Jared and Ivanka are seated beside Chinese First Lady at Mar-A-Lago dinner after flying in with their Mandarin-speaking kids for summit  Scheana Shay wears cleavage baring LBD as she steps out for first time since revealing struggle with anorexia Admitted to suffering from the disorder 'You've always been a b****: Newly slim Mama June is confronted by Sugar Bear's fiancée in From Not to Hot finale teaser Pending nuptials Painting the town red! Freida Pinto dazzles in scarlet pant suit and sexy lace cami as she promotes new TV series Guerrilla in London What's going on here? Bella Hadid spotted exiting a car with Australian model Jordan Barrett... after unfollowing ex The Weeknd on Instagram Fully booked (and clothed)! Brooke Burke wears jumper and jeans to signing after going topless at beach She attended the event fully clothed 'My amazing grandmother saved Jews from Hitler': Prince Charles reveals how the Duke of Edinburgh's mother took in a Jewish family in WWII 'I've aged, so my face has thinned out a little bit': Kim Zolciak explains her changing looks... but still insists she never had a nose job Former RHOA star Hot metal! Jennifer Lopez wows as she flashes ample cleavage in plunging silver tank top The star, 47, wowed in the stunning number He doesn't know where to look! Prince Harry chuckles as he meets physio wearing just underwear to learn about sports injuries ahead of Invictus Games Purple reign! Beaming Princess Beatrice wears a bold mini dress to take to the stage in New York  Looked comfortable talking to the crowd 'I was the girl version of Macaulay Culkin': Busy Philipps shares adorable throwback image... after glam appearance at Fashion LA awards Kiss in the city! Sarah Jessica Parker locks lips with Divorce co-star Thomas Haden Church on set in NYC Pair play couple going through a divorce Sheer delight! Katy Perry flashes flesh in see-through top for stunning arrival at Chanel dinner She showed off her platinum 'do Queen Letizia of Spain looks stylish in top-to-toe teal as she and King Felipe board a bullet train with the Japanese Emperor and Empress 'This angel is absolutely perfect': Million Dollar Listing star Josh Altman and wife Heather welcome baby daughter Alexis Tot weighed in at 7lbs Still got the Baywatch bod! Kelly Rohrbach gives a peek of her taut stomach as she stretches in cropped sweater during lunch in Los Angeles She's got great jeans! Khloe Kardashian parades bodacious behind in black tracksuit on way to her Good American denim warehouse Leg-endary! Kim Kardashian praises fan who got her and husband Kanye West's names tattooed on each thigh Tatts-too much! Peep show! Lea Michele flashes her cleavage and midriff in lace up bodysuit during photo shoot inside recording studio Showing some skin The color purple! Jennifer Hudson draws stares as she flaunts wares in tight dress at Sandy Wexler premiere Looked vibrant in the stunning outfit 'It's very scary': Expecting dad Zach Roloff reveals baby son may be a dwarf in Little People, Big World teaser Reveals his secret heartache Billie Lourd joins cast of American Horror Story season seven about 2016 US election starring Sarah Paulson  Carrie Fisher's 24-year-old daughter  'He called me up to the front of the stage': Cindy Santana gushes about the moment husband legendary musician Carlos proposing to her live on stage Leading ladies! Karlie Kloss shows off flawless figure in metallic number as Allison Williams stuns in off-the-shoulder dress at DVF Awards Flirty Sofia indulges in some very sexy dance moves with handsome producer Andrea Iervolino as she displays her curves in a very busty lace dress Mad for fashion! Christina Hendricks dons splashy and colorful ensemble at LA play opening Always knows how to grab attention  Safety first! Padma Lakshmi holds hands with adorable daughter Krishna while crossing street in NYC Stunned in a chic winter ensemble Juggling act: Paris Hilton clutches pooch Diamond Baby while hand-in-hand with new beau Chris Zylka on shopping trip in LA Romance going strong An historic moment! Taylor Swift wins bid to have movie mogul Goldwyn's mansion designated landmark (and can now apply for tax relief) 'I'm literally going to throw up!': Fans go wild as One Direction's Harry Styles debuts first solo single Sign Of The Times It's been a long time coming  Proud mom Jessa Duggar shares snap of two-month old son Henry taking his 'first steps' Welcomed their son Henry on February 6 Forever on vacation! Gwyneth Paltrow enjoys freshly squeezed juice and stunning views while on extended vacation in Mexico Relaxed lifestyle Little Mix singer Jade Thirlwall 'forgets to wear a bra' as she jokingly draws attention to her assets while sporting a cheekily designed t-shirt 'Boys' night out': David Beckham enjoys dinner date with sons Romeo and Cruz as they dine out in style in LA Has focused on family since email furor Charlie Sheen shares fun throwback image from 1987 film No Man's Land featuring Brad Pitt as an extra Sheen was on the cusp of superstardom Sparkle and shine! Kate Bosworth dazzles in clingy off-the-shoulder dress at DVF Awards Oozed glitz and glamor in an off-the-shoulder and fitted dress 'I'd prefer to have sex than die': Ed Sheeran confirms he is not killed off during 'five minute' role on GOT... after filming surprise cameo for fan Maisie Williams Hayden Panettiere all smiles while catching departing flight at Los Angeles airport in chic double denim Pulled off the double denim look 'Did you say ninja?!' Mark Hamill voices Han Solo to perfection in Bad Lip Reading of Star Wars The Force Awakens Tribute to Carrie Fisher 'Being boujee!': Khloe and Kourtney Kardashian treat themselves to caviar facials inside an oxygen bubble Unusual treatment No Blindspot here! Jaimie Alexander dons chic spectacles and sky-high heels for New York Moves Power Women Forum in NYC Business attire Streaming stars! Adam Sandler suits up for premiere of new Netflix comedy Sandy Wexler featuring wife Jackie Escorted his wife and co-star Jackie The pact is strong! Reese Witherspoon poses with Nicole Kidman, Shailene Woodley and their Big Little Lies castmembers in throwback snap Proving them wrong! Hailey Baldwin lets denim jacket slip off her shoulder to reveal svelte frame... after addressing pregnancy rumors Retail therapy at Barneys Plotting his return? Reclusive Richard Simmons signs lucrative new global licensing deal that suggests he may soon high-kick his way out of hiding 'The teepee goes into the peepee': Anne Hathaway's parenting chat on Ellen with Colossal co-star Jason Sudeikis takes hilarious turn They sure like to show their bodies off! Kristin Cavallari flaunts chest and legs during shoot... after sharing naked photo of husband Jay Cutler Iskra Lawrence flaunts her enviable curves in a demure floral jumpsuit for the DVF Awards in New York Cut a demure figure at the DVF Awards Lily Collins shows off her svelte figure in colorful blazer and mini skirt at Chanel dinner Paired her outfit with a black lace top and peep-toe sandal heels Chris Evans reunites with Gifted co-stars McKenna Grace and Octavia Spencer at NYC screening Posed at a screening of his new film Gifted This boy is on fire! Alicia Keys and Swizz Beatz's two-year-old tot Genesis shows off impressive musical instincts Keeping a beat From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Why loving dogs is good for your health: People exposed to pets from an early age are less likely to be obese and have fewer allergies  139 comments 1 video Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Channels  Music  Style  Pop Culture  Sports  Sneakers  Life  Videos  Shop More from Complex  GO90  Rated Red  First We Feast  Pigeons & Planes  Collider  Sole Collector  Green Label  Ride Channel SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER   Pop Culture Pop Culture Bill Nye the Science Guy On Climate Change Under Trump: “Maybe the World Will End” Share Tweet Bill Nye the Science Guy On Climate Change Under Trump: “Maybe the World Will End” By Ian Servantes Apr 07, 2017 Share Tweet Image via Netflix Nostalgia is a dangerous intoxicant. What you once loved may not stand up against the time as you’ve become your jaded, aged self. Or maybe, more simply, you’re just too old for some kid shit. And it’s possible someone might come up and reboot your favorite franchise, butchering it in the process (we won’t name names).  If you’re to know who Bill Nye is, he’s a science OG, the beloved video educator, amongst other titles, that came between Carl Sagan and Neil DeGrasse Tyson in a wonderful time known as the ‘90s. Bill Nye The Science Guy was quirky enough to have us stoked on science and informative enough that our teachers would show it to us on a regular basis. He’s like the Kix of scientists, if you will. That’s why we’re excited about his new show, Bill Nye Saves the World. The generation who grew up on Bill Nye will soon be treated to another series from the eccentric educator, comedian, and mechanical engineer. While the threads to the best show to be wheeled into your classroom are visible, Nye’s latest effort is definitively its own product.  Bill Nye Saves the World, set to premiere in bulk April 21 on Netflix, is a hybrid variety-talk show created for grown ass adults. It’s humorous, but it also contains some serious science in a time when we need it most, debunking alternative medicine, driving home the very serious effects of climate change, and tackling 11 other evergreen topics. And to help get the messages across, he’s enlisted experts and celebrities alike, from Neil DeGrasse Tyson to Karlie Kloss to Desiigner.  We sat down with Bill Nye himself, avoiding a storm inside the safety of a Manhattan hotel. He talked about the show’s format, working with Netflix, and the prognosis for science under a Donald Trump presidency.  It’s been nearly 20 years since Bill Nye, The Science Guy. How does it feel to have another show on this scale?  I did a lot of other shows that were on lesser cable channels, but this show—Netflix has thrown money at the problem. Like, you’re here today for example. It’s very exciting.  How did you arrive at the format? You’ve got a lot of different segments, from experiments to field segments, to your own monologues.  It’s a talk show, first of all, but it’s also a variety show. Instead of just a monologue, I’m a big fan of the cold open, which, to my experience, was pioneered by Saturday Night Live. The show just starts, and instead of me just talking, it’s me doing a science experiment. Then I come out and do a monologue, which is about today’s topic, often with science props. Then there’s the piece of comedy. Then there’s a discussion, which is a real talk show with me and three experts.  But I remind everybody, journalist or network executive alike, a talk show has to be an extension of the host. If you hate Seth Meyers, it doesn’t matter. His show’s gotta be an extension of Seth Meyers. Jimmy Kimmel’s show is an extension of Jimmy Kimmel. That’s just all there is to it. The Saves the World Show is an extension of me. Me! Me! Me! I like comedy pieces, I like cold opens, I like monologues, and I like panels. So there we are.  What about the decision to have celebrity correspondents like Karlie Kloss or a skit with Desiigner? A lot of people will be surprised by that.  Netflix went around the world to get these correspondents. Derek Muller is Australian, nominally. He spends a lot of time in London, I guess. Nazeem Hussain is Australian, but his ancestry’s Sri Lankan. We got these people to do these extraordinary pieces. Derek went to Korea. Karlie Kloss went to Italy. Emily Calandrelli, who’s SpaceGal.com, she went to India. We sent people around the world. All the late night talk shows are basically in a competition for viral content. Is that something you had in mind as well?  I just tell everyone you can’t go into a thing and say, “Let’s make a viral video.” You just make a show and see if people like it. “Let’s write a hit song!” Yeah we should do that. “Let’s write a platinum record!” Yeah, we should do that. I was gonna go silver, but let’s take it up to platinum. You do your best and see what happens, you know.  The show feels particularly vital now under the Donald Trump administration.  We filmed all 13 shows before the presidential election. Everybody had in the back of his or her mind, “What if the presidential election goes the other way?” The shows are more relevant than they were ever intended to be.  What are you thinking when you see the EPA getting silenced and other changes in his presidency?  I think this is not sustainable for them. There’s a joke we used to tell at Boeing about the B-3 Bomber, which there’s no such thing. It has a pilot and a pitbull. The pilot is there to watch the instruments, and the pitbull is there to make sure he doesn’t touch anything. I wouldn’t be surprised—for example, this completely unqualified woman [Betsy DeVos] who’s now the head of the Department of Education—if the bureaucracy just sort of skates those people off the play for a few things and things just go on hold. I think there’ll be tremendous inertia to violating laws and regulations that have been in place for a long time.  In the case of the EPA, it was established by a Republican administration. It was Nixon. I think these demonstrations that you’re seeing everywhere will have an effect. Demonstrations ended the Vietnam War eventually. On the other hand, the [Keystone] pipeline got approved. Maybe the world will end as a result. That would be an interesting outcome.  That’s troubling, to say the least. Do you have any friends working in government agencies? Not right now. The friends I had in science don’t work for the current administration. They left with the Obama administration.  Do you talk to them at all about it?  I talk to them continually. We’ve just got to fight the fight. We’ve got to redouble our efforts. The big thing that needs to be addressed for the good of the country, no matter which side you’re on, is gerrymandering. We have to un-gerrymander the districts. Because I think that’s what’s contributed to this polarization. Once you’re elected, you can’t not get reelected. The gerrymandering enables it in a troubling way.  There’s talk of a march for science, and there’s talk of a climate march. But I also wouldn’t be surprised if the bureaucracy renders the deniers impotent, that they have little effect on regulations over the coming years.   What exactly do you want to see? I want to see legislators respect the facts. Human nature is when you’re confronted with facts that conflict with your worldview, you have to pick. The easiest thing, at first, is to be in denial, whether you’re talking about climate change or having broken something you can’t see. “Did I just break that?” Yeah, you did. There’s a few seconds of “No, no, it’s fine. Put it back together.” We want to get legislators to get their worldviews shifted to respect the facts. Climate change being our classic example. Vaccinations is another important one.  Are you concerned that this show might just be viewed in an echo chamber, that the people who are watching are the people who already believe in climate change or vaccinations?  What are we gonna do? Am I gonna present alternative facts? You gotta play the hand you’re dealt. This show’s gonna be an extension of me. I have concerns about climate change, vaccinations, genetically modified foods, artificial intelligence. So we’re doing shows about those.  Are there any discussions about getting the show to a broader audience of people who may be skeptical?  We want it to be inclusive. On the panels, as best we can, we have people from both sides of the argument. But on climate change, we don’t have a denier on. We do have a guy who makes a living as an astrologer. Whether or not he believes in astrology is unclear. He makes a very good living at it. He does provide a service to his clients who want to believe that there’s something to it.  It sounds pretty cynical.  You could also say it’s cynical for an extraction industry executive who has grandkids, you could say it’s cynical for that person to deny climate change. Or is just one thing lead to another and here we are? Tags: Features, Interviews, Donald Trump, Netflix, Television, Bill Nye  Like  Follow  Chat Show Comments Lateststories "The Situation" Indicted (Again) on Tax Charges BY Shawn Setaro 2 hours ago Vin Diesel Opens Up About Alleged Feud With Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson BY Jose Martinez 5 hours ago Liane V Explains How She Won Over 5 Million Fans in New Episode of Complex Hustle's "Keys to the Cocktail" BY Complex 7 hours ago The 25 Best Independent Movies Streaming on Netflix Right Now BY Tara Aquino 9 hours ago Sports People Are Celebrating Aaron Rodgers and Olivia Munn's Breakup for the Most Ridiculous Reasons BY Chris Yuscavage 14 hours ago Bill Nye the Science Guy On Climate Change Under Trump: “Maybe the World Will End” BY Ian Servantes 14 hours ago Michaela Coel, The Prodigy Behind Netflix's 'Chewing Gum,' Is The Future of Comedy BY Devon Maloney 15 hours ago The Stars of 'The Get Down' Say Kendrick Lamar 'Is Doing Exactly What The Pioneers Of Hip-Hop Set Out To Do' BY Khal 15 hours ago Life Portland Protester Goes Full Kendall Jenner by Giving Mayor Pepsi During Council Meeting BY Trace Cowen 17 hours ago Shia LaBeouf Has Complete Meltdown at Bowling Alley, Calls Bartender a 'F**king Racist!' BY Gavin Evans Apr 6, 2017 Load More Stories NowTrending SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER   Contact UsTerms of Use CareersPrivacy Policy AdvertiseSite Map FeedsPersonalization MusicStyle Pop CultureSports SneakersLife © Complex Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States How Defense Stocks Reacted to Missile Attack on Syria By Paul Ausick April 7, 2017 11:05 am EDT Print Email Tweet The U.S. missile attack against a Syrian airport marks a significant departure in U.S. Middle East policy that may indicate a greater willingness to use military force against the Syrian regime. Such a change would bring with it a demand for more military hardware, and investors are signaling this morning that U.S. defense contractors are expected to benefit from a more hard-power policy. President Donald Trump on Thursday evening ordered the firing of at least 59 Tomahawk missiles from two U.S. Navy battleships as a retaliatory strike against the Syrian regime of Bashar al-Assad for its use of chemical weapons against the country’s own citizens earlier this week. For investors, interest in defense stocks rose Friday morning, with U.S. defense contractors posting solid share price increases. Here’s a rundown of which stocks are moving and why. Raytheon Co. (NYSE: RTN) is the prime contractor for the Tomahawk missiles that were used in last night’s attack. Raytheon stock traded up about 1% Friday morning, at $152.23 in a 52-week range of $124.75 to $157.59. Lockheed Martin Corp. (NYSE: LMT) subcontracts the weapon control system for the Tomahawk and is the top U.S. defense contractor. Lockheed’s shares traded up 0.9%, at $269.52 in a 52-week range of $224.11 to $274.57. Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) provides the command and control system for the Tomahawk missile and is the second largest U.S. defense contractor. Boeing stock traded up about 0.1%, at $177.59 in a 52-week range of $122.35 to $185.71. BAE Systems traded up neatly 3% in London on Friday. The company makes vertical launch systems for the Tomahawk and other missiles under contract to the U.S. Navy. The iShares US Aerospace & Defense ETF (NYSEMKT: ITA) traded up about 0.5% to $149.20, in a 52-week range of $117.01 to $154.46. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Aurinia Pharmaceuticals Jumps on Phase 3 Planned Trial Catalyst Biosciences Sinks After Pricing Secondary Offering » Read more: Aerospace & Defense, Politics, U.S. Department of Defense, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA), Lockheed Martin Corp (NYSE:LMT), Raytheon Company (NYSE:RTN) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular 10 Disappearing Car Brands Cities Where You Don't Want to Get Sick The Most Expensive City in Each State States With the Most Americans on Disability The Biggest Company the Year You Were Born Recent Why the First Marijuana ETF May Pose Serious Problems for US Investors Valeant, DryShips Stuck in Friday’s 52-Week Low Club Wal-Mart, Verizon Give DJIA a Slight Push on Friday Obama-Era Net Neutrality Rules on Track to Be Replaced Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search The Definitive Guide to Mortgages and Your Credit Score 3 Embarrassingly Low Dividend Stocks Alphabet Inc. Earnings: 3 Metrics to Watch Trump names Kevin Hassett chairman of Council of Economic Advisers Dow finishes week barely in the red S&P 500 books a weekly decline of 0.3% Investors look to global growth for earnings power Twitter CEO forgoes compensation; long-time board member to leave Germany's Fresenius in talks to buy generic drugmaker Akorn The Definitive Guide to Mortgages and Your Credit Score 3 Embarrassingly Low Dividend Stocks Alphabet Inc. Earnings: 3 Metrics to Watch Goldman Sachs Is About To Swallow Donald Trump Tomi Lahren Is Suing Glenn Beck And TheBlaze Michele Bachmann: God Sent Trump As 'Reprieve' From Trans Rights Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
International Business Times UK UK LATEST NEWS Crime Property Culture Royalty World Latest News USA Europe Asia Africa Middle East The Americas Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Politics LATEST NEWS Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket F1 UFC Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music WWE Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Analysis Reviews Features Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Business Economy All you wanted to know about the Tomahawk cruise missile Each Tomahawk missile costs $1.5m and the US army has been using them since the Gulf War in 1991. By Dan Cancian April 7, 2017 16:29 BST A Tomahawk cruise missile is launched from the US Navy guided-missile destroyer USS Arleigh Burke, in the Red SeaReuters Donald Trump's decision to authorise an air strike in Syria could prove to be very expensive, and not only from a political standpoint. The US launched missile strikes against the Syrian regime's Sharyat airfield on Friday morning (7 April) in response to a chemical attack in the town of Khan Sheikhoun on 5 April, in what was the first military action the US has taken against the Syrian government in the country's six-year conflict. A number of countries including the UK, Japan and Turkey have expressed support for Trump's actions, but Russia has criticised the missile strikes, with Viktor Ozerov, head of Russia's Defense Committee in the Federation Council, claiming the strikes would "undermine the efforts in the fight against terrorism." While the White House stopped short of launching a full scale operation, saying it targeted only airfields and stopped short of launching a concerted air campaign, the strike will come at a hefty cost for US taxpayers. According to the US Department of Defence's annual budget, a single Tomahawk missile costs $1.59m (£1.28m). The attack on the Syrian airbase involved 59 missiles, meaning the strike had a total cost of approximately $94m (£75m, €88m). Weighing around 1,590kg and over 6.25metres long, the Tomahawk missiles were first used by the US army during Operation Desert Storm was launched in January 1991 and have been in use ever since. The Tomahawk cruise missile is made by RaytheonRaytheon The US navy has described the weapon as "an all-weather, long range, subsonic cruise missile", which can be launched from either ships or submarines and normally carries warheads of up to 454kg. The missiles have been used in some of the major operations conducted by the US army in the Middle East, including the Nato-led campaign in Libya in 2011, against the Libyan ruler Muammar Gaddafi. Introduced by now defunct aerospace group McDonnell Douglas – which was taken over by Boeing in the 1970s – the missiles are now produced by Raytheon Company, one of the largest defence contractors in the US. In December last year, the group was awarded a $304.7m contract to produce 214 Tomahawk Block IV cruise missiles, which are scheduled to be delivered next year. Fellow aerospace and defence giant Lockheed Martin has supported all versions of the Tomahawk Weapons Control System, the missile launch system, since it was first awarded the contract in 1999. Integrated with the ship's navigation, communication, situational awareness and launch systems, the system computes the missile's route to strike targets. The system also provides the capability to plan new missions aboard the launch platform and communicate with multiple Tomahawks to rapidly retarget and redirect the missiles in flight. Earlier this week, the Maryland-based company secured a $38m deal to provide the joint battle management system used by the US military forces to plan and execute air operations. The firm will provide the Theater Battle Management Core System, which coordinates almost everything flown by the military, from fighters to helicopters to cruise missiles, and is deployed in over 100 locations. More business news City of London can't be cut off from Europe because of Brexit, warns Mark Carney UK industrial sector suffers unexpected slowdown in February 'Brexit knows no winners, all sides will lose' - German businesses warn of damage to EU and UK Related topics : Donald Trump Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Angela Merkel aiming to cushion Brexit impact on Germans in UK Columnists Yasmin Alibhai-Brown “Trump's missile strike on Assad is satisfying – but he's an erratic man in a volatile world READ MORE Gold skyrockets as 'World War III' trends in market chatter after Trump strike on Syria Commodities market sees a barrage of safe-haven calls with... European Commission clears Fox takeover of Sky While Fox's bid could face obstacles in the UK, Brussels says it has... If Brussels and London start a euro clearing war, New York would be the only beneficiary The thorny issue of clearing in London is back, but row is more about... All you wanted to know about the Tomahawk cruise missile Each Tomahawk missile costs $1.5m and the US army has been using them... FX Focus: Pound declines as UK economy slows down Dollar struggles for direction after disappointing non-farm payrolls... US economy adds just 98,000 jobs in March as labour market cools down US unemployment rate falls to 4.5%, the lowest level in almost 10... FTSE Moves: Oil and gold stocks keep top flight shares above water after US missile strike London market edges higher while other European Indices are lower... FCA resumes bank misconduct probe Six individuals related to the investigation were previously jailed... City of London can't be cut off from Europe because of Brexit, warns Mark Carney Bank of England governor urges Britain to take 'the high road' in... Major music rights societies join up for blockchain copyright using IBM and Hyperledger Involved are: the American Society for Composers, Authors and... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
  Markets Pre-Market Market Movers Dow Jones Live Currencies Live Commodities Live Rates Your Portfolio Stocks Stocks Finder Market Movers Index Constituents Dividends Indices Market Movers Index Constituents Dow Jones Live S&P 500 Live NASDAQ Live Commodities News Commodities Live Gold Oil Copper Currencies News Currencies Live Currency Converter EUR/USD GBP/USD Bitcoin US Dollar Index Mutual Funds News Mutual Funds Finder Mutual Funds Issuers ETFs News ETF Finder ETF Issuers Bonds News Bonds Finder Rates News SIGN IN BUSINESS INSIDER       PORTFOLIO SEARCH Markets Stocks Indices Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds ETFs Bonds News CANCEL DOW 30 9.30 20,665.40     (0.05%) Official Close 4/7/2017 EDT S&P 500 1.39 2,356.93     (0.06%) Official Close 4/7/2017 EDT NASDAQ 100 0.64 5,419.01     (0.01%) Official Close 4/7/2017 EDT ESTOXX 50 2.47 3,498.27     (0.07%) Official Close 4/7/2017 EDT DOW 30 9.30 20,665.40     (0.05%) Official Close 4/7/2017 EDT S&P 500 1.39 2,356.93     (0.06%) Official Close 4/7/2017 EDT NASDAQ 100 0.64 5,419.01     (0.01%) Official Close 4/7/2017 EDT ESTOXX 50 2.47 3,498.27     (0.07%) Official Close 4/7/2017 EDT Defense stocks jump after US missile strike on Syria (RTN, LMT, BA) Greg Hoffman Apr. 7, 2017, 08:44 AM Markets Insider Defense stocks are up in pre-market trading following US air strikes on Syria last night. The US Navy fired at least 59 Tomahawk Missiles from two battleships, the USS Ross and the USS Porter, at dawn local time on Friday in retaliation for a chemical weapon strike earlier this week attributed to the Assad regime. The company that makes those missiles, Raytheon, is up more than 2% in early morning trading. Lockheed Martin, the producer of the new F-35 fighter jet and the Hellfire missile, is up more than 1%. Boeing, which has millions in government defense contracts, is up slightly this morning. Boeing makes the JDAM GPS, a guidance system for bombs. The iShares Dow Jones US Aerospace & Defense ETF that tracks the performance of air and defense stocks is up  14.03% since the Presidential election, outpacing the Dow Jones industrial average. Markets Insider SHARE THIS POST News for Raytheon La Fédération des cégeps accueille positivement le rapport sur le projet de création du Conseil des collèges PR Newswire 16d Click here for more news your MARKET VIEW Your Personalized Market Center Related Stocks Boeing 178.87 1.51 (0.85%) 4/7/2017 Disclaimer Get real-time Boeing charts here >> Lockheed Martin 270.30 3.21 (1.20%) 4/7/2017 Disclaimer Get real-time Lockheed Martin charts here >> Raytheon 153.00 2.26 (1.50%) 4/7/2017 Disclaimer Get real-time Raytheon charts here >> MORE Find News GO Home / Stocks / Raytheon-Quote / News for Raytheon Raytheon / Defense stocks jump after US missile strike on Syria (RTN, LMT, BA) Follow us Need help? Contact us! Visit our network Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. and finanzen.net GmbH (Imprint). All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service amd Privacy Policy Disclaimer | Commerce Policy | Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK | DE | AUS | ID | IN | MY | SG | PL | SE
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices U.S. South, not just Mexico, stands in way of Rust Belt jobs revival Reuters By Howard Schneider 1 day ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL How a Chinese dairy tycoon lost his fortune in 90 minutes Gold rises to 5-month high on safe-haven demand as US strikes Syria © REUTERS/Michael Spooneybarger FILE PHOTO: An Airbus A321 is being assembled in the final assembly line hangar at the Airbus U.S. Manufacturing Facility in Mobile In the years since the 2008 financial crisis, this southern U.S. port city has attracted a new Airbus factory, seen its steel industry retool, and gained thousands of jobs building the Navy's new combat vessel. Quotes in the article Toyota Motor Corp TM ▲ 105.91 +0.41 +0.39% Polaris Industries Inc PII ▼ 79.80 -0.57 -0.71% Boeing Co BA ▲ 178.85 +1.48 +0.83% AdChoices Some 300 miles north in Huntsville, new businesses sprout in farm fields drawn by readily available land, low taxes, flexible labor rules and improving infrastructure. As President Trump faces pressure to deliver on his promise to revive manufacturing in the northern "rust belt" states that put him in the White House, his biggest challenge may not be Mexico or China, but the southern U.S. states that form the other pillar of his political base. States like Alabama have built a presence in the global supply chain in direct competition with the country's Midwestern industrial heartland, and even if Trump coaxes jobs back to the United States they may well head south rather than north. Whether the "rust belt's" expectations are met will be central to 2018 U.S. mid-term elections and likely frame the presidential race in 2020.© REUTERS/Michael Spooneybarger FILE PHOTO: People tour the new Airbus U.S. Manufacturing Facility in Mobile The southern states are reliably Republican, but the party's ability to repeat its success in Midwestern swing states, such as Michigan, Ohio and Wisconsin, may hinge on whether the Trump administration delivers on its economic promises. For a decade now, nine southern states - North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Tennessee, Kentucky, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, and Texas - together have accounted for a larger share of the U.S. economy than nine northern states that defined America as the 20th century's industrial superpower, according to a Reuters analysis of federal data. The analysis compared gross domestic product, population and other factors among northern and Midwestern states that played a key role in Trump's victory or are typically considered part of the industrial heartland, with those in the south and along the Gulf Coast that have become an emerging destination for auto and other investment. (For graphic on' A battle for jobs' click: http://tmsnrt.rs/2nHSda5) Florida, a state whose population has boomed under an influx of retirees, many of them from the north, was excluded. Click to expand Replay Video You can now apply for a job at McDonald's on Snapchat If you live in Australia. Fortune Washington state readies for federal marijuana crackdown Attorney General Jeff Sessions has directed all 94 U.S. attorneys to evaluate pot enforcement policies and send him recommendations. However, a federal crackdown on legal weed would face blowback from the states. Carter Evans reports from Washington state. CBS News KFC will make chicken healthier Yum Brands Inc's (YUM.N) U.S. KFC chain plans to curb the use of antibiotics in its chicken supply, making it the last of the big three chicken restaurants to join the fight against the rise of dangerous antibiotic-resistant bacteria known as superbugs. KFC, the second-biggest U.S. chicken chain by sales after privately held Chick-fil-A, is giving its U.S. poultry suppliers until the end of 2018 to stop using antibiotics important to human medicine. Wochit Business SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO In Rust Belt, voters have hope Trump will bring jobs back USA TODAY See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next You can now apply for a job at McDonald's on Snapchat Fortune0:32 Washington state readies for federal marijuana crackdown CBS News2:01 KFC will make chicken healthier Wochit Business0:47 Smart ways to spend your tax refund CNBC0:53 Get out your resume -- Amazon to hire 30,000 part-time workers Veuer1:06 Tony Robbins says this is what makes a great leader Bloomberg2:35 Dog attacks on mail carriers hit 30-year high as online shopping surges Wochit News0:46 Minimum wage increases hit a wall The Wall Street Journal.3:17 These Palm Beach businesses shut down when Trump visits CNN Money1:45 Comcast reveals details of wireless service Xfinity Mobile Veuer0:57 Norway to build 'world's first ship tunnel' BBC News0:42 Trump's US golf clubs are struggling The Wall Street Journal.1:54 Are we in the middle of a retail apocalypse? The Washington Post2:24 Regulator sues Apple alleging iPhone 'bricking' Reuters1:21 China's beef with US cattle Bloomberg2:00 This mindset is what separates the middle class from the millionaire class CNBC0:54 UP NEXT FREE LAND AND DEGREES Economists and industrial site consultants say the reasons behind the trend have moved beyond lower wages and lower levels of unionization. Per capita income in the south has now almost caught up with that in the Midwest, and its skilled workforce continues to grow as college graduates move in. "Labor? Perceived advantages. Taxes? Some of these are fairly low (tax) states. Real estate? For big projects that are going to employ three, four, five thousand people, you can find free land - zero cost land," said Darin Buelow, an industrial site specialist with Deloitte Consulting. In the south, business executives and development officials interviewed by Reuters were less likely to call for new tariffs and trade deals than to worry about how any new regime may disrupt a system they have learned to work with. David Fernandes, president of Toyota Motor Manufacturing Alabama, said that of the roughly 700,000 engines the factory made last year, half went to Mexico and Canada. The facility also makes engines for cars assembled at a Toyota plant in Georgetown, Kentucky. "Anything that hinders the opportunity to provide product to a customer is what is concerning," he said. Plants in Kentucky and Indiana gave Toyota a U.S. foothold in the 1980s and 1990s, but in this century the Japanese carmaker turned to Alabama, Texas and Mississippi for expansion. Located on former cotton fields, the company's Huntsville, Alabama, plant now employs more than 1,400 people and churns out about 3,000 engines a day. Gunmaker Remington Outdoor [FREDM.UL] came to Huntsville lured by $110 million in tax and other concessions. Its factory here is expected to eventually employ 2,000, and it has already begun shifting employees from elsewhere, including 100 from the town in upstate New York where the company was founded two centuries ago. Jeremy Littlejohn moved his cloud computing start-up RISC Networks from Chicago to Asheville, NC, in 2012 for the less hectic pace, but has found the location a selling point as he grew from 6 to 33 employees. Many of those new workers came from out of state, contributing to North Carolina's net annual influx of about 46,000 college degree holders. That migration of educated workers is the norm among the southern states. The rust belt by contrast saw a net outflow of more than 400,000 residents with college degrees between 2007 and 2014. The customers are heading south too. From 1990 to 2015, population in the nine southern and gulf states grew 43 percent, to more than 76 million, and passed that of the rust belt states in the late 1990s. Population in the rust belt grew 13 percent, to 63 million, over the same period. When the Minnesota-based Polaris Industries Inc. began planning a new facility for its line of outdoor vehicles, "there was no Minnesota play," said Eric Blackwell, director of operations at the company's new factory outside Huntsville. The market for Polaris' machines, popular for farm work, hunting and sport riding, was growing in the south. Open land was available, and Alabama had programs to help recruit and train a workforce expected to rise to 1,500. FROM LAGGARD TO A RISING TIDE Globalization hit both the north and the south hard. Between 2000 and 2010 each lost about a third of their manufacturing jobs. But employment rebounded faster and more broadly in the south. Between 2000 and 2015, combined private sector employment in nine southern and gulf coast states still grew 13.5 percent. In the nine northern states total private sector jobs as of 2015 remained 1.3 percent below their 2000 level, according to federal data. The transition dates back to the 1980s, when German and Japanese automakers began investing in what has become a sprawling, regional industry. Supplier networks followed, creating even stiffer competition in an industry already changing due to passage of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) and the growth of automaking in Mexico. New industries, such as aerospace, followed. Boeing opened a new factory in Charleston, South Carolina, while decades of federal spending on space and defense programs created a pool of engineers in Alabama. A surge in energy and locally important industries like wood products added to the employment gains. Judith Adams, vice president at the Alabama State Port Authority, speeds visitors through warehouses of wood fiber products, steel ingots and other goods ready to ship abroad. The port is spending $47 million to boost its capacity to 500,000 containers a year from 300,000. The longer-term the goal is to triple that to 1.5 million. "The vessel sizes are getting bigger. The market is getting bigger. The cargo is here," Adams said. When European aircraft maker Airbus scouted sites for its $600 million North American plant more than a decade ago it settled on a former Air Force base in Mobile. As it ramps up production, local officials say 20 suppliers have already arrived in Airbus' wake, with firms like Ireland's Maas Aviation looking to put 150 people to work painting planes. "We looked at transportation costs, labor costs, productivity, and it made sense," said Allan McArtor, chief executive of Airbus Group Inc. "We will be building single aisle airplanes (in Mobile) for a long, long time." (Reporting by Howard Schneider; Additional reporting by Jonathan Spicer in Cleveland; Editing by David Chance and Tomasz Janowski) Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From Reuters After grueling journey, Mosul's displaced find refuge in camp Reuters Sock gamble keeps U.S. alive in Davis Cup tie Reuters Congo's Kabila names opposition figure Tshibala prime minister Reuters Reuters View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Kantipur The Kathmandu Post saptahik Nepal Nari Radio Kantipur Kantipur TV Print Edition | Archive Saturday, April 08, 2017 Toggle navigationSidebar General National Capital Sports Editorial Oped Photo-feature INTERVIEW Entertainment World Blog Escalate Video Javascript is currently not enabled on this browser. Please enable Javascript for proper viewing of The Kathmandu Post website. Don't know how to enable javascript? Click here to see suggestions from google World Air Force space chief open to flying on recycled SpaceX rockets - Reuters Apr 7, 2017- The U.S. Air Force is open to buying rides on previously flown SpaceX rockets to put military satellites into orbit, a move expected to cut launch costs for the Pentagon, the head of the Air Force Space Command said on Thursday. The idea of flying on recycled rockets became a reality a week ago when privately owned Space Exploration Technologies, or SpaceX, launched a communications satellite on a Falcon 9 booster that previously put a cargo ship into orbit for NASA. That Falcon main stage had been recovered from a successful return landing on an ocean platform shortly after its maiden flight last April, then was relaunched and salvaged again last Thursday, marking a spaceflight first. “I would be comfortable if we were to fly on a reused booster,” General John "Jay" Raymond told reporters at the U.S. Space Symposium in Colorado Springs. “They’ve proven they can do it. ... It’s going to get us to lower cost.” SpaceX has so far won three launch contracts to fly military and national security satellites - business previously awarded exclusively to United Launch Alliance, a partnership of Lockheed Martin and Boeing. All those flights will take place on new Falcon 9 rockets. SpaceX, owned and operated by technology entrepreneur Elon Musk, has a backlog of more than 70 missions worth more than $10 billion. After last week's landmark launch, Musk said the company planned to fly about 20 more rockets this year, including the debut blastoff of its new heavy-lift vehicle. Up to six of those missions, including the Falcon Heavy, will use previously flown boosters, he said. Speaking at the symposium on Wednesday, SpaceX President Gwynne Shotwell said the cost of refurbishing and reflying the Falcon 9 first stage was "substantially less than half" the cost of manufacturing a new booster - the most expensive part of the rocket. SpaceX’s website lists the cost of a basic Falcon 9 launch at $62 million. SpaceX expects to reduce costs even further. The company’s next goal is to launch and return a rocket and relaunch it within 24 hours. "That’s when we’ll really feel like we’ve got reusability right," Shotwell said. Raymond said the Air Force would need to certify that a used booster could safely deliver its satellites into orbit. "I'm pretty comfortable we'll get comfortable with doing it," Raymond said. "This is just beginning.”  Published: 07-04-2017 15:36 The Kathmandu Post ›World › Reuters Next Story Rupee hits 20-month high; Sensex falls › Tags: Air Force SpaceX rockets User's Feedback Click here for your comments Comment via Facebook Don't have facebook account? Use this form to comment Loading... More From World Islamic State kills dozens of civilians trying to flee Mosul - witnessesIslamic State kills dozens of civilians trying to flee Mosul - witnesses Apr 08, 2017full story » Russia warns of serious consequences from U.S. strike in Syria Apr 08, 2017full story » Sweden has been attacked - PM to news agency TT Apr 07, 2017full story » Situation in Syria constitutes international armed conflict - Red CrossSituation in Syria constitutes international armed conflict - Red Cross Apr 07, 2017full story » Egypt calls on U.S. and Russia to contain the conflict in SyriaEgypt calls on U.S. and Russia to contain the conflict in Syria Apr 07, 2017full story » Warplane hits Syrian town where gas attack killed scores - witness, ObservatoryWarplane hits Syrian town where gas attack killed scores - witness, Observatory Apr 07, 2017full story » Canada supports U.S. air strikes in Syria, urges diplomatic action Apr 07, 2017full story » China's Xi urges trade cooperation in first meeting with Trump Apr 07, 2017full story » Syria says U.S. attack killed six, caused extensive damage Apr 07, 2017full story » Russia, Iran condemn U.S. air strike in Syria as Britain, Turkey give support Apr 07, 2017full story »‹› Main News India ready to abrogate 1950 Treaty: Koshyari Apr 08, 2017full story » In a first, govt tables NHRC report in House Apr 08, 2017full story » UML seeks new proposal, Morcha’s commitment Apr 08, 2017full story » NRA devises work plan to relocate vulnerable families Apr 08, 2017full story » Rani Pokhari reconstruction: Muck to be cleared ‘before monsoon’ Apr 08, 2017full story » Cement factories owned by state to chip in to charity Apr 08, 2017full story » Induction cookers gifted by Chinese govt not sold Apr 08, 2017full story » Nepali rupee going strong; hits 20-month high against dollar Apr 08, 2017full story » NOC, IOC agree to seek int’l arbitration in S’pore Apr 08, 2017full story » NAC seals $209.6m deal for two Airbus planes Apr 08, 2017full story » 0Shares Share on facebookShare on twitter Main News India ready to abrogate 1950 Treaty: Koshyari Apr 08, 2017full story » In a first, govt tables NHRC report in House Apr 08, 2017full story » UML seeks new proposal, Morcha’s commitment Apr 08, 2017full story » NRA devises work plan to relocate vulnerable families Apr 08, 2017full story » Rani Pokhari reconstruction: Muck to be cleared ‘before monsoon’ Apr 08, 2017full story » Cement factories owned by state to chip in to charity Apr 08, 2017full story » Induction cookers gifted by Chinese govt not sold Apr 08, 2017full story » Nepali rupee going strong; hits 20-month high against dollar Apr 08, 2017full story » NOC, IOC agree to seek int’l arbitration in S’pore Apr 08, 2017full story » NAC seals $209.6m deal for two Airbus planes Apr 08, 2017full story » The Kathmandu Post's Categories Blog Capital Editor's Pick Editorial Entertainment Escalate Featured Fiction Park General Health & Living Health & Style Int'l Coverage INTERVIEW MAIN NEWS Money National news Off The Beat Oped Photo-feature POST TRIVIA Saturday Features Sports Video World Visit kmg.com.np About Us Established in February 1993, the Kathmandu Post, Nepal’s first privately owned English broadsheet daily, is today Nepal’s leading English language newspaper, with a daily circulation of 82,000 copies. This makes the Post Nepal’s second-most widely circulated newspaper—after Kantipur daily. The Kathmandu Post is also a member of Asia News Network that has over 15 members and is known for its insightful, unbiased journalistic work of the highest calibre.   Read more» AdvertiseTo advertise on ekantipur click here » To advertise on print media click here » FeedbackSend us your feedback » We like to hear from you. × Contact Us Contact Address Kantipur Publications Pvt. Ltd. Central Business Park, Thapathali Kathmandu, Nepal +977-01-5135000 +977-01-5135001 Contact Us »  A member of ekantipur © Copyright Kantipur Digital Corp. loading...
Cookies are required to use this site. Please turn them on! This website requires javascript to be enabled. Home Free Copy About Latest Issue Past Issues Subscribe Events Advertise Testimonials Videos All News Biodiesel News Bioethanol News Policy News Other News REGISTER FOR A FREE NEWSLETTER      Lost Password? Follow @biofuelsmag CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND GET YOUR FREE NEWSLETTER Home Free Copy About Latest Issue Past Issues Subscribe Events Advertise Testimonials Videos All News Biodiesel News Bioethanol News Policy News Other News REGISTER FOR A FREE NEWSLETTER Follow @biofuelsmag LOGIN LOST PASSWORD? April 7, 2017 Masdar Institute-led UAE biofuel research facility to begin first harvest in June UAE The world's first research facility to grow both food and fuel, using desert lands irrigated by seawater, will begin its first harvest in June, according to Etihad Airways.  The biomass will be harvested and the oil extracted from the seeds. The plan is to have this oil refined to jet fuel and used on an Etihad Airways flight, a statement said. The announcement comes as Peter Baumgartner, CEO of Etihad Airways, and Mohammad Al Bulooki, executive vice president commercial, joined Scott Fancher, Boeing senior vice president, at the integrated seawater and agriculture system facility within Masdar City to check on the project’s progress. The facility, which uses seawater and natural fertiliser from aquaculture to grow plant biomass which can be converted into aviation fuel, is the flagship project of the Sustainable Bioenergy Research Consortium led by the Masdar Institute with members including Etihad Airways, Boeing, Takreer, GE and Safran. UAE SHARE THIS NEWS ITEM Leaf LATEST ISSUE Trimming down the process Read more >>> New unknowns for maturing US biodiesel industry Read more >>> A sustainable solution Read more >>> Chasing certifications Read more >>> The road beyond 2020 Read more >>> The three myths of cellulosic ethanol in Europe Read more >>> Entering into a new paradigm Read more >>> Cleaner marine shipping with advanced biofuels Read more >>> The value of contracted piloting Read more >>> Pushing the limits on yield Read more >>> Small and sweet Read more >>> RED II: Room for improvement Read more >>> SUBSCRIBE NOW TWITTER Biodiesel production fell by 51 million gallons in the US in January biofuels-news.com/di… @EIAgov #biodiesel #us #Statistics Yesterday from Biofuels Int's Twitter via Twitter Web Client Palm oil production and exports decline in Indonesia biofuels-news.com/di… #biofuels #PalmOil #indonesia #biodiesel Yesterday from Biofuels Int's Twitter via Twitter Web Client Sugarcane engineered to produce biodiesel at 123 gallons more per acre than soybeans biofuels-news.com/di… @Illinois_Alma #Biodiesel About 3 days ago from Biofuels Int's Twitter via Twitter Web Client Full disclosure: Neste puts information about its crude palm oil suppliers online biofuels-news.com/di… @nestecorp #biodiesel #PalmOil About 3 days ago from Biofuels Int's Twitter via Twitter Web Client European Parliament calls for phase out of vegetable oil biofuels within 3 years biofuels-news.com/di… @EU_Commission #PalmOil #biofuels About 4 days ago from Biofuels Int's Twitter via Twitter Web Client Emergency clean-up of abandoned biofuels plant could cost $1 million biofuels-news.com/di… @EPA #leak #biofuels #Washington About 4 days ago from Biofuels Int's Twitter via Twitter Web Client White House petition launched for Biodiesel tax reform biofuels-news.com/di… @PhillipHarden11 @WhiteHouse #biodiesel #tax #Petition About 4 days ago from Biofuels Int's Twitter via Twitter Web Client BP and DuPont’s bio-isobutanol joint venture, Butamax, acquires ethanol facility in Kansas biofuels-news.com/di… @BP_plc @DuPont_News About 5 days ago from Biofuels Int's Twitter via Twitter Web Client EU Commission to debate ‘phase out’ of palm oil in biofuels biofuels-news.com/di… @Konecna_K #PalmOil #biofuels #biodiesel @EU_Commission About 5 days ago from Biofuels Int's Twitter via Twitter Web Client 'Food versus fuel' dilemma could be solved by 'sequential cropping' on farms biofuels-news.com/di… @Ecofys #biofuel #foodvsfuel Last week from Biofuels Int's Twitter via Twitter Web Client Published by Woodcote Media Ltd, Marshall House, 124 Middleton Road, Morden, Surrey. SM4 6RW Registered in England No. 9319685. VAT GB 203081756. All content and images © 2017 Woodcote Media Limited.
About us Membership Contact us Sat April 8, 2017 Home Society Economy Politics Sports Culture Multimedia Bush has made missile defense a priority Politics June 25, 2006 President George W. Bush has made the creation of a layered shield against incoming ballistic missiles a priority for his administration. Since then-president Ronald Reagan launched what critics dubbed his "Star Wars" initiative in 1984, the United States has spent more than $92 billion on missile defense, not including spending this year, the Pentagon's Missile Defense Agency says. On Friday, the Air Force general responsible for building the system voiced high confidence it could shoot down any U.S.-bound missile from North Korea. Following are key facts about the project: Overview Bush announced on Dec. 17, 2002 the United States would begin operating the initial elements by the end of 2004 to defend against a limited attack from a country like North Korea. Since then, U.S. missile defense spending has risen to nearly $10 billion a year, the Pentagon's single biggest annual outlay to develop a weapons system. Intercept-test failures and technical glitches have delayed development, although commanders said it has a rudimentary capability against a limited attack if ground-based interceptors are put on alert. The system Nine interceptor missiles have been installed in silos at Fort Greely, Alaska, and two at Vandenberg Air Force Base in California. Other components include ship-based interceptor missiles, advanced radar stations, early-warning satellites and a command center in Colorada Springs, Colorado. A modified Boeing 747 jumbo jet also is being equipped with powerful chemical oxygen-iodine laser to down missiles shortly after liftoff by heating them until they melt. How it works The ground- and sea-based interceptors are designed to collide with an incoming missile and pulverize its warhead in the collision. The Pentagon compares the challenge to hitting a speeding bullet with another speeding bullet. The Missile Defense Agency says it is developing systems to intercept incoming missiles in all phases of flight. Boeing Co is the primary contractor for the ground-based leg. Lockheed Martin Corp, Northrop Grumman Corp and Raytheon Co also have big contracts. Testing: In ten intercept tests of the ground-based leg, the interceptor has hit a mock incoming warhead five times. Such testing was suspended after interceptors failed to leave their silos during tests in December 2004 and February 2005 -- failures blamed on quality-control. Bush policy The system ultimately will be capable of defending U.S. friends and allies as well as the United States and its deployed forces. Japan, which has been involved in joint research and development, is modifying four destroyers to turn them into ballistic missile defense ships. (Source: Reuters) Related News U.S. draws Iran rebuke over missile attack on Syrian airfield   Latest Rouhani has no serious rival: aide Majlis to launch permanent council election secretariat 5,500 to oversee council elections Popular Front narrows down potential candidates Raeisi to run for president: representative Cleric urges all to participate in election  Turkey’s imports from Iran doubled in 2 months Don't miss Sandstorm unearths ancient site in southeastern Iran What’s in Tehran art galleries Qasr-e Khorshid, a source of charm in northeastern Iran Savadkuh where nature meets history Bisotun bears testimony to eloquent art scene of prehistoric Iran Top About us Membership Contact us Home Society Economy Politics Sports Culture Multimedia Copyright 2016. Tehran Times Daily Newspaper All rights reserved. Developed by: Nastooh Designed by: Pixel Studio
Log In News Weather On Air Events Photos Blogs Podcasts Search Submit Search Magnifiying glass search icon 710 WDSM on Facebook Facebook logo 710 WDSM on twitter Twitter logo Skip to main content The Talk of the North 710 AM 98.1 FM Duluth, Minnesota Log In Menu News Weather On Air Events Photos Blogs Podcasts Submit Search Magnifiying glass search icon 710 WDSM on Facebook Facebook logo 710 WDSM on twitter Twitter logo Current Show The Larry Elder Show 2AM–5AM Upcoming Shows Next Show The Dennis Prager Show 5AM–8AM Speaking of Homes 8AM–9AM The Kim Komando Show 9AM–11AM Current Weather (55811) 42° Search Our Site Search Submit Search Magnifiying glass search icon The Larry Elder Show 2AM–5AM News U.S. South, not just Mexico, stands in way of Rust Belt jobs revival U.S. South, not just Mexico, stands in way of Rust Belt jobs revival Friday, April 07, 2017 4:27 a.m. CDT FILE PHOTO: An Airbus A321 is being assembled in the final assembly line hangar at the Airbus U.S. Manufacturing Facility in Mobile, Alabama By Howard Schneider MOBILE, Ala. (Reuters) - In the years since the 2008 financial crisis, this southern U.S. port city has attracted a new Airbus factory, seen its steel industry retool, and gained thousands of jobs building the Navy's new combat vessel. Some 300 miles north in Huntsville, new businesses sprout in farm fields drawn by readily available land, low taxes, flexible labor rules and improving infrastructure. As President Trump faces pressure to deliver on his promise to revive manufacturing in the northern "rust belt" states that put him in the White House, his biggest challenge may not be Mexico or China, but the southern U.S. states that form the other pillar of his political base. States like Alabama have built a presence in the global supply chain in direct competition with the country's Midwestern industrial heartland, and even if Trump coaxes jobs back to the United States they may well head south rather than north. Whether the "rust belt's" expectations are met will be central to 2018 U.S. mid-term elections and likely frame the presidential race in 2020. The southern states are reliably Republican, but the party's ability to repeat its success in Midwestern swing states, such as Michigan, Ohio and Wisconsin, may hinge on whether the Trump administration delivers on its economic promises. For a decade now, nine southern states - North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Tennessee, Kentucky, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, and Texas - together have accounted for a larger share of the U.S. economy than nine northern states that defined America as the 20th century's industrial superpower, according to a Reuters analysis of federal data. The analysis compared gross domestic product, population and other factors among northern and Midwestern states that played a key role in Trump's victory or are typically considered part of the industrial heartland, with those in the south and along the Gulf Coast that have become an emerging destination for auto and other investment. (For graphic on' A battle for jobs' click: http://tmsnrt.rs/2nHSda5) Florida, a state whose population has boomed under an influx of retirees, many of them from the north, was excluded. FREE LAND AND DEGREES Economists and industrial site consultants say the reasons behind the trend have moved beyond lower wages and lower levels of unionization. Per capita income in the south has now almost caught up with that in the Midwest, and its skilled workforce continues to grow as college graduates move in. "Labor? Perceived advantages. Taxes? Some of these are fairly low (tax) states. Real estate? For big projects that are going to employ three, four, five thousand people, you can find free land - zero cost land," said Darin Buelow, an industrial site specialist with Deloitte Consulting. In the south, business executives and development officials interviewed by Reuters were less likely to call for new tariffs and trade deals than to worry about how any new regime may disrupt a system they have learned to work with. David Fernandes, president of Toyota Motor Manufacturing Alabama, said that of the roughly 700,000 engines the factory made last year, half went to Mexico and Canada. The facility also makes engines for cars assembled at a Toyota plant in Georgetown, Kentucky. "Anything that hinders the opportunity to provide product to a customer is what is concerning," he said. Plants in Kentucky and Indiana gave Toyota a U.S. foothold in the 1980s and 1990s, but in this century the Japanese carmaker turned to Alabama, Texas and Mississippi for expansion. Located on former cotton fields, the company's Huntsville, Alabama, plant now employs more than 1,400 people and churns out about 3,000 engines a day. Gunmaker Remington Outdoor [FREDM.UL] came to Huntsville lured by $110 million in tax and other concessions. Its factory here is expected to eventually employ 2,000, and it has already begun shifting employees from elsewhere, including 100 from the town in upstate New York where the company was founded two centuries ago. Jeremy Littlejohn moved his cloud computing start-up RISC Networks from Chicago to Asheville, NC, in 2012 for the less hectic pace, but has found the location a selling point as he grew from 6 to 33 employees. Many of those new workers came from out of state, contributing to North Carolina's net annual influx of about 46,000 college degree holders. That migration of educated workers is the norm among the southern states. The rust belt by contrast saw a net outflow of more than 400,000 residents with college degrees between 2007 and 2014. The customers are heading south too. From 1990 to 2015, population in the nine southern and gulf states grew 43 percent, to more than 76 million, and passed that of the rust belt states in the late 1990s. Population in the rust belt grew 13 percent, to 63 million, over the same period. When the Minnesota-based Polaris Industries Inc. began planning a new facility for its line of outdoor vehicles, "there was no Minnesota play," said Eric Blackwell, director of operations at the company's new factory outside Huntsville. The market for Polaris' machines, popular for farm work, hunting and sport riding, was growing in the south. Open land was available, and Alabama had programs to help recruit and train a workforce expected to rise to 1,500. FROM LAGGARD TO A RISING TIDE Globalization hit both the north and the south hard. Between 2000 and 2010 each lost about a third of their manufacturing jobs. But employment rebounded faster and more broadly in the south. Between 2000 and 2015, combined private sector employment in nine southern and gulf coast states still grew 13.5 percent. In the nine northern states total private sector jobs as of 2015 remained 1.3 percent below their 2000 level, according to federal data. The transition dates back to the 1980s, when German and Japanese automakers began investing in what has become a sprawling, regional industry. Supplier networks followed, creating even stiffer competition in an industry already changing due to passage of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) and the growth of automaking in Mexico. New industries, such as aerospace, followed. Boeing opened a new factory in Charleston, South Carolina, while decades of federal spending on space and defense programs created a pool of engineers in Alabama. A surge in energy and locally important industries like wood products added to the employment gains. Judith Adams, vice president at the Alabama State Port Authority, speeds visitors through warehouses of wood fiber products, steel ingots and other goods ready to ship abroad. The port is spending $47 million to boost its capacity to 500,000 containers a year from 300,000. The longer-term the goal is to triple that to 1.5 million. "The vessel sizes are getting bigger. The market is getting bigger. The cargo is here," Adams said. When European aircraft maker Airbus scouted sites for its $600 million North American plant more than a decade ago it settled on a former Air Force base in Mobile. As it ramps up production, local officials say 20 suppliers have already arrived in Airbus' wake, with firms like Ireland's Maas Aviation looking to put 150 people to work painting planes. "We looked at transportation costs, labor costs, productivity, and it made sense," said Allan McArtor, chief executive of Airbus Group Inc. "We will be building single aisle airplanes (in Mobile) for a long, long time." (Reporting by Howard Schneider; Additional reporting by Jonathan Spicer in Cleveland; Editing by David Chance and Tomasz Janowski) Comments Top Stories Nolan Releases Statement On Syrian Air Strikes Friday, April 7 Duluth Road Sand Collection Sites Open Friday Friday, April 7 Medicine Cabinet Clean Out Day At WLSSD Friday, April 7 Students To Test Robotic Pack Mule Friday, April 7 Drowning Victim Recovered From Bob Lake Friday, April 7 News Sections Local State National World Local Sports Sports Politics Business Health Science Technology Entertainment Station Information © 2017 710 WDSM - WDSM The Talk of the North 710 WDSM on Facebook Facebook logo 710 WDSM on twitter Twitter logo Listen 710 AM in Duluth, Minnesota 98.1 FM in Duluth, Minnesota Contact Studio Line 1: 218-722-7500 Text Us at 39327 Advertise With Us Job Opportunities Contact Us More Privacy Policy (PDF) Terms of Use (PDF) Contest Rules EEO
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site US South, not just Mexico, stands in way of Rust Belt jobs revival News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business US South, not just Mexico, stands in way of Rust Belt jobs revival In the years since the 2008 financial crisis, this southern U.S. port city has attracted a new Airbus factory, seen its steel industry retool, and gained thousands of jobs building the Navy's new combat vessel. Posted 07 Apr 2017 13:20 Updated 07 Apr 2017 17:30 FILE PHOTO: An Airbus A321 is being assembled in the final assembly line hangar at the Airbus U.S. Manufacturing Facility in Mobile, Alabama September 13, 2015. REUTERS/Michael Spooneybarger FILE PHOTO: People tour the final assembly line hangar at the new Airbus U.S. Manufacturing Facility in Mobile, Alabama September 13, 2015. REUTERS/Michael Spooneybarger FILE PHOTO: A Toyota automaker employee moves an engine at the Toyota engine assembly line in Huntsville, Alabama November 13, 2009. REUTERS/Carlos Barria prev next prev next Thumbnail Enlarge Caption  Email More A A MOBILE, Ala.: In the years since the 2008 financial crisis, this southern U.S. port city has attracted a new Airbus factory, seen its steel industry retool, and gained thousands of jobs building the Navy's new combat vessel. Some 300 miles north in Huntsville, new businesses sprout in farm fields drawn by readily available land, low taxes, flexible labor rules and improving infrastructure. As President Trump faces pressure to deliver on his promise to revive manufacturing in the northern "rust belt" states that put him in the White House, his biggest challenge may not be Mexico or China, but the southern U.S. states that form the other pillar of his political base. States like Alabama have built a presence in the global supply chain in direct competition with the country's Midwestern industrial heartland, and even if Trump coaxes jobs back to the United States they may well head south rather than north. Whether the "rust belt's" expectations are met will be central to 2018 U.S. mid-term elections and likely frame the presidential race in 2020. The southern states are reliably Republican, but the party's ability to repeat its success in Midwestern swing states, such as Michigan, Ohio and Wisconsin, may hinge on whether the Trump administration delivers on its economic promises. For a decade now, nine southern states - North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Tennessee, Kentucky, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, and Texas - together have accounted for a larger share of the U.S. economy than nine northern states that defined America as the 20th century's industrial superpower, according to a Reuters analysis of federal data. The analysis compared gross domestic product, population and other factors among northern and Midwestern states that played a key role in Trump's victory or are typically considered part of the industrial heartland, with those in the south and along the Gulf Coast that have become an emerging destination for auto and other investment. (For graphic on' A battle for jobs' click: http://tmsnrt.rs/2nHSda5) Florida, a state whose population has boomed under an influx of retirees, many of them from the north, was excluded. FREE LAND AND DEGREES Economists and industrial site consultants say the reasons behind the trend have moved beyond lower wages and lower levels of unionization. Per capita income in the south has now almost caught up with that in the Midwest, and its skilled workforce continues to grow as college graduates move in. "Labor? Perceived advantages. Taxes? Some of these are fairly low (tax) states. Real estate? For big projects that are going to employ three, four, five thousand people, you can find free land - zero cost land," said Darin Buelow, an industrial site specialist with Deloitte Consulting. In the south, business executives and development officials interviewed by Reuters were less likely to call for new tariffs and trade deals than to worry about how any new regime may disrupt a system they have learned to work with. David Fernandes, president of Toyota Motor Manufacturing Alabama, said that of the roughly 700,000 engines the factory made last year, half went to Mexico and Canada. The facility also makes engines for cars assembled at a Toyota plant in Georgetown, Kentucky. "Anything that hinders the opportunity to provide product to a customer is what is concerning," he said. Plants in Kentucky and Indiana gave Toyota a U.S. foothold in the 1980s and 1990s, but in this century the Japanese carmaker turned to Alabama, Texas and Mississippi for expansion. Located on former cotton fields, the company's Huntsville, Alabama, plant now employs more than 1,400 people and churns out about 3,000 engines a day. Gunmaker Remington Outdoor came to Huntsville lured by US$110 million in tax and other concessions. Its factory here is expected to eventually employ 2,000, and it has already begun shifting employees from elsewhere, including 100 from the town in upstate New York where the company was founded two centuries ago. Jeremy Littlejohn moved his cloud computing start-up RISC Networks from Chicago to Asheville, NC, in 2012 for the less hectic pace, but has found the location a selling point as he grew from 6 to 33 employees. Many of those new workers came from out of state, contributing to North Carolina's net annual influx of about 46,000 college degree holders. That migration of educated workers is the norm among the southern states. The rust belt by contrast saw a net outflow of more than 400,000 residents with college degrees between 2007 and 2014. The customers are heading south too. From 1990 to 2015, population in the nine southern and gulf states grew 43 percent, to more than 76 million, and passed that of the rust belt states in the late 1990s. Population in the rust belt grew 13 percent, to 63 million, over the same period. When the Minnesota-based Polaris Industries Inc. began planning a new facility for its line of outdoor vehicles, "there was no Minnesota play," said Eric Blackwell, director of operations at the company's new factory outside Huntsville. The market for Polaris' machines, popular for farm work, hunting and sport riding, was growing in the south. Open land was available, and Alabama had programs to help recruit and train a workforce expected to rise to 1,500. FROM LAGGARD TO A RISING TIDE Globalization hit both the north and the south hard. Between 2000 and 2010 each lost about a third of their manufacturing jobs. But employment rebounded faster and more broadly in the south. Between 2000 and 2015, combined private sector employment in nine southern and gulf coast states still grew 13.5 percent. In the nine northern states total private sector jobs as of 2015 remained 1.3 percent below their 2000 level, according to federal data. The transition dates back to the 1980s, when German and Japanese automakers began investing in what has become a sprawling, regional industry. Supplier networks followed, creating even stiffer competition in an industry already changing due to passage of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) and the growth of automaking in Mexico. New industries, such as aerospace, followed. Boeing opened a new factory in Charleston, South Carolina, while decades of federal spending on space and defense programs created a pool of engineers in Alabama. A surge in energy and locally important industries like wood products added to the employment gains. Judith Adams, vice president at the Alabama State Port Authority, speeds visitors through warehouses of wood fiber products, steel ingots and other goods ready to ship abroad. The port is spending US$47 million to boost its capacity to 500,000 containers a year from 300,000. The longer-term the goal is to triple that to 1.5 million. "The vessel sizes are getting bigger. The market is getting bigger. The cargo is here," Adams said. When European aircraft maker Airbus scouted sites for its US$600 million North American plant more than a decade ago it settled on a former Air Force base in Mobile. As it ramps up production, local officials say 20 suppliers have already arrived in Airbus' wake, with firms like Ireland's Maas Aviation looking to put 150 people to work painting planes. "We looked at transportation costs, labor costs, productivity, and it made sense," said Allan McArtor, chief executive of Airbus Group Inc. "We will be building single aisle airplanes (in Mobile) for a long, long time." (Reporting by Howard Schneider; Additional reporting by Jonathan Spicer in Cleveland; Editing by David Chance and Tomasz Janowski) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Latest News Dow 20,656 -6.85 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,878 -1.14 -0.02% S&P 500 2,356 -1.95 -0.08% 4/07 Updated Millions of Americans are desperate to trade part-time work for full-time 4/07 Updated This is why Dutch kids are much happier than American children 4/07 Updated A pro baseball stadium in Seattle just put toasted grasshoppers on the menu 4/07 Syria Strikes: Does Trump Need Approval from Congress? 4/07 Stockholm Truck Attack Leaves Several Dead 4/07 Trump names Kevin Hassett as White House’s chief economist 4/07 Neurological drug developer Biohaven files for initial public offering 4/07 Action plan drawn up on U.S.-China trade, Commerce’s Ross says 4/07 Updated U.S. households will soon have as much debt as they had in 2008 4/07 Updated The Moneyologist: I signed away my $500,000 inheritance when I was a child — what can I do? 4/07 Updated The Moneyologist: My brothers owe our late mother’s estate $30,000 — how should they repay it? 4/07 Updated World Health Day: Happy workers are 10% more productive at work 4/07 Updated You can buy a copy of the Sex Pistols’ ‘God Save the Queen’ for $10,000 4/07 Updated World Health Day: Americans rekindle their deadly love affair with salt 4/07 Updated World Health Day: This is how much depression costs U.S. companies 4/07 Updated World Health Day: Millennial women face new mental health struggles in the workplace 4/07 Updated World Health Day: Fatal drug overdoses soar among white, middle-aged American men 4/07 Updated World Health Day: Lonely people are more likely to over-share on Facebook 4/07 Updated Fox threatens to pull cable channels from Charter amid carriage fee dispute 4/07 Want to see how America is changing? Property taxes hold the answer Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Markets U.S. & Canada Market Snapshot Get email alerts U.S. stocks close off intraday highs as Trump-Xi meeting gets under way By Sue Chang and Anora Mahmudova Published: Apr 6, 2017 4:40 p.m. ET Share Retailers rally after big selloffs By SueChang Markets reporter AnoraMahmudova Reporter Getty Images The U.S.-China summit has the undivided attention of the market. U.S. stocks closed off intraday highs Thursday as President Donald Trump hosted his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping for their first official meeting, as investors sought clues to how the leaders of the world’s economic powerhouses will tackle trade and geopolitical issues. The mood in the market, however, remained cautious as investors awaited nonfarm-payrolls data due on Friday. Read: What to watch in the jobs report: slowing growth, rising pay The S&P 500 index SPX, -0.08%  rose 4.54 points, or 0.2%, to close at 2,357.49. Energy shares, which followed rising oil prices higher, topped the gains but investors sold telecoms shares, with the sector down 1.6%. The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.03%  gained 14.80 points to finish at 20,662.95. On Wednesday the blue-chip index went from a 200-point gain to finish down 0.2%, the benchmark’s biggest blown lead since February 2016. The Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, -0.02%  climbed 14.47 points, or 0.3%, to end at 5,878.95. Thursday’s action follows the biggest one-day reversal for equities in more than a year in the previous session, which was triggered in part by the Federal Reserve’s admission that it will start unwinding its balance sheet sooner than expected. “We are seeing a short-term snap back from yesterday’s sharp selloff with the hardest-hit sectors recovering,” said Frank Cappelleri, chartered market technician at Instinet. The Dow and the Nasdaq briefly traded in negative territory during the session Thursday after Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said the U.S. government is considering an “appropriate response” to Syria’s chemical attacks. Tillerson also hinted at the possibility of removing Syrian President Bashar Assad from power, stating that his actions suggest “there would be no role for him to govern the Syrian people,” CNBC reported. But for most of the day, the market trended higher as investors looked for bargains following Wednesday’s selloff. “We are seeing rotational buying as funds move around. Every time the market dips, investors come back,” said Paul Nolte, portfolio manager at Kingsview Asset Management. Trump’s trade promises on the line with China(3:35) U.S. President Donald Trump promises tough trade negotiations this week with Chinese President Xi Jinping to stop American job losses. What’s at stake in Mar-a-Lago? Investors are closely watching the Trump-Xi summit amid some concerns that the two-day meeting could end in acrimonious fashion, spooking global financial markets. Read: Why investors are fretting over the Trump-Xi meeting And see: Trump’s meeting with China’s Xi could have a lasting impact on the dollar However, Julian Evans-Pritchard, China economist at Capital Economics, suggested that Trump is likely to tone down his criticism of China’s trade policies to focus more on the threat from North Korea. “Xi may come offering minor concessions in order to mollify Trump, such as pledges to invest in job-creating projects in the U.S. or deals to purchase key American exports such Boeing planes,” wrote Evans-Pritchard in a note to investors. “But token gestures aside, we don’t expect any major policy announcements to come out of the meeting.” The Trump-Xi summit is somewhat overshadowing the March nonfarm-payrolls data as a focus for investors. Economists expect the monthly jobs report, due Friday, will show that job creation could slow after the two previous sharp gains. Thursday’s data on jobless claims showed the number of Americans who applied for unemployment benefits last week sank by 25,000 to 234,000, marking the second-lowest level of the current economic expansion and reflecting a tight labor market in which firms say it’s hard to find good help. On Wednesday, data on private-sector hiring showed far more jobs created than anticipated. Stocks to watch: Shares of Sunoco LP SUN, +2.47%  soared 20% after Japan-based Seven & I Holdings Co. Ltd. 3382, +4.34% which owns the 7-Eleven chain, said it would acquire more than 1,000 U.S. convenience stores and gas stations from Sunoco for $3.3 billion. CarMax Inc. KMX, -2.59%  shares rose 2.4% after the nation’s biggest retailer of used cars beat earnings and sales estimates for the fourth quarter. Constellation Brands Inc. STZ, -0.82%  reported stronger fourth-quarter earnings on Thursday, which it attributed to gains in high-end whiskey sales. Shares jumped 6.4%. Shares of large retailers that had sold off lately rebounded Thursday. L Brands, Inc. LB, -1.30%  gained 11%, and Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. BBBY, +1.05% and Kohl’s Corp KSS, -0.99%  were sharply higher. Other markets: Asian stocks ADOW, -0.13%  finished in the red, with the Nikkei NIK, +0.36%  hitting its worst level in four months and closing down 1.4%, but European stocks SXXP, +0.13%  traded mostly higher. European Central Bank President Mario Draghi in a speech Thursday effectively ruled out a near-term interest-rate increase, which briefly sent the euro to a three-week low against the dollar. The dollar USDJPY, +0.26%  index edged up. Gold prices GCM7, +0.22%  rose while oil prices CLM7, +0.98% also climbed. —Barbara Kollmeyer contributed to this article. More from MarketWatch What Happens if Filibusters Go Away? Here's the real reason why U.S. health care is so expensive Skin Cancer and Melanoma: New Screening Guidelines Related Topics U.S. Stocks Markets NY Stock Exchange NASDAQ Quote References SPX -1.95 -0.08% DJIA -6.85 -0.03% COMP -1.14 -0.02% SUN +0.71 +2.47% 3382 +193.00 +4.34% KMX -1.50 -2.59% STZ -1.40 -0.82% LB -0.62 -1.30% BBBY +0.41 +1.05% KSS -0.39 -0.99% ADOW -4.07 -0.13% NIK +67.57 +0.36% SXXP +0.49 +0.13% USDJPY +0.29 +0.26% GCM7 +2.80 +0.22% CLM7 +0.51 +0.98% Show all references Most Popular Here’s how much it costs to replace the 59 Tomahawk missiles Trump fired on Syria This is why Dutch kids are much happier than American children Want to see how America is changing? Property taxes hold the answer This image of Jared Kushner is blowing up the internet How wearable technology can transform health care MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,355.54 -1.95 (-0.08%) Volume 1.7B Open 2,357 High 2,364 Low 2,351 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 20,656.10 -6.85 (-0.03%) Volume 219.7M Open 20,648 High 20,726 Low 20,607 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A NASDAQ Composite Index U.S.: Nasdaq: COMP 5,877.81 -1.14 (-0.02%) Volume 0 Open 5,874 High 5,892 Low 5,856 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Sunoco L.P. U.S.: NYSE: SUN $29.40 +0.71 (+2.47%) Volume 4.5M Open $28.93 High $29.95 Low $28.77 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 11.23 Market Cap 3.3B Seven & I Holdings Co. Ltd. Japan: Tokyo: 3382 ¥4,637.00 +193.00 (+4.34%) Volume 7.6M Open ¥4,610 High ¥4,675 Low ¥4,588 P/E Ratio 42.42 Div Yield 1.94 Market Cap 3.9T CarMax Inc. U.S.: NYSE: KMX $56.50 -1.50 (-2.59%) Volume 7.1M Open $57.80 High $58.17 Low $55.71 P/E Ratio 17.28 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 10.6B Constellation Brands Inc. Cl A U.S.: NYSE: STZ $170.37 -1.40 (-0.82%) Volume 2.5M Open $172.00 High $174.90 Low $170.29 P/E Ratio 24.63 Div Yield 1.22 Market Cap 33.7B L Brands Inc. U.S.: NYSE: LB $47.23 -0.62 (-1.30%) Volume 7.1M Open $47.70 High $48.26 Low $46.80 P/E Ratio 11.84 Div Yield 5.08 Market Cap 12.3B Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: BBBY $39.49 +0.41 (+1.05%) Volume 3.7M Open $38.87 High $39.65 Low $38.85 P/E Ratio 8.58 Div Yield 1.52 Market Cap 5.9B Kohl's Corp. U.S.: NYSE: KSS $39.20 -0.39 (-0.99%) Volume 3.4M Open $39.43 High $39.69 Low $39.02 P/E Ratio 12.54 Div Yield 5.61 Market Cap 6.5B The Asia Dow Index USD DJ-Index: ADOW 3,224.53 -4.07 (-0.13%) Volume 0 Open 3,232 High 3,241 Low 3,211 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A NIKKEI 225 Index Nikkei Idx: NIK 18,664.63 +67.57 (+0.36%) Volume 0 Open 18,715 High 18,786 Low 18,517 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A STOXX Europe 600 Index EUR STOXX: SXXP 381.26 +0.49 (+0.13%) Volume 0 Open 380.02 High 381.26 Low 378.90 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Japanese Yen Tullett Prebon: USDJPY 111.10 +0.29 (+0.26%) Volume 0 Open 110.81 High 111.37 Low 110.14 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Gold - Electronic Jun 2017 U.S.: Comex: GCM7 $1,256.10 +2.80 (+0.22%) Volume 365.4K Open $1,254 High $1,273 Low $1,252 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Crude Oil - Electronic Jun 2017 U.S.: Nymex: CLM7 $52.64 +0.51 (+0.98%) Volume 307.0K Open $52.13 High $53.35 Low $51.92 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
Menu Subscribe Login My CSMonitor.com Login Manage Profile My Saved Items Log Out Subscription Information Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account FREE E-mail Newsletter Subscribe Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account FREE E-mail Newsletters Passcode Monitor Breakfast EqualEd Inhabit Home World All World Africa Africa Monitor Americas Latin America Monitor Asia Pacific Asia: South & Central Europe Middle East Global News Blog Passcode Passcode Voices Passcode Influencers Security Culture Progress Watch People Making a Difference Change Agent Specials Africa's AIDS Orphans Little Bill Clinton Hostage: The Jill Carroll Story World Topics Human Trafficking Series USA All USA Politics Monitor Breakfast Politics Voices Decoder Foreign Policy Military Justice USA Update Education EqualEd EqualEd Voices Society Politics of US Series Commentary All Commentary The Monitor's View Readers Respond Upfront Blog Global Newsstand Monitor Political Cartoons A Christian Science Perspective Business All Business The Bite Tax VOX The New Economy Saving Money In Gear Paper Economy Robert Reich Guide to Giving Energy / Environment All Energy / Environment Energy Energy Voices Inhabit Inhabit Events Technology All Technology Breakthroughs Voices Science All Science Complexity Science Notebook Spacebound Culture All Culture Arts Full Frame Photoblog Music Movies Monitor Movie Guide TV Verbal Energy The Home Forum Culture Cafe Family Food Stir It Up! Recipe Categories Books All Books Books Reviews Chapter & Verse Readers' Picks Take Action All Take Action Environment Education Conflict Resolution Disaster Relief and Recovery Human Trafficking Business How the American South could prevent the revival of jobs in the 'Rust Belt' President Trump has promised to bring back industrial jobs to the US Rust Belt. But industrial growth in states filled with his own supporters, such Alabama, Mississippi, and the Carolinas, may present the biggest roadblocks for revitalizing the economy in other parts of the country. Monitor's Best: Top 5 Google rolls out new 'Fact Check' tool worldwide to combat fake news Susan Rice, Michael Flynn, and the politics of surveillance (+video) Briefing: Trump, Russia, Rice – and now Nunes Xi visits Trump on his home turf: Who will strong-arm whom? (+video) After St. Petersburg bombing, a notable absence: Russian anti-Islam backlash (+video) Popular Now The mystery of knitting ... remains a mystery Google rolls out new 'Fact Check' tool worldwide to combat fake news Susan Rice, Michael Flynn, and the politics of surveillance (+video) Briefing: Trump, Russia, Rice – and now Nunes Xi visits Trump on his home turf: Who will strong-arm whom? (+video) Photos of the day 04/07 SUBSCRIBE A team of steel workers stand near a signed final steel beam before placing the beam atop NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center structure on April 12, 2016, in Huntsville, Ala. Industrial growth in the South could dampen President Trump's promise to revive jobs in the American Rust Belt. Brynn Anderson/AP/File | Caption Loading... Howard Schneider Reuters April 7, 2017 MOBILE, Ala.—In the years since the 2008 financial crisis, this southern US port city has attracted a new Airbus factory, seen its steel industry retool, and gained thousands of jobs building the Navy's new combat vessel. Some 300 miles north in Huntsville, Ala., new businesses sprout in farm fields drawn by readily available land, low taxes, flexible labor rules and improving infrastructure. As President Trump faces pressure to deliver on his promise to revive manufacturing in the northern "rust belt" states that put him in the White House, his biggest challenge may not be Mexico or China, but the Southern US states that form the other pillar of his political base. States like Alabama have built a presence in the global supply chain in direct competition with the country's Midwestern industrial heartland, and even if Trump coaxes jobs back to the United States they may well head south rather than north. Whether the Rust Belt's expectations are met will be central to 2018 US mid-term elections and likely frame the presidential race in 2020. How much do you know about bipartisanship? Take our quiz. The Southern states are reliably Republican, but the party's ability to repeat its success in Midwestern swing states, such as Michigan, Ohio, and Wisconsin, may hinge on whether the Trump administration delivers on its economic promises. For a decade now, nine southern states – North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Tennessee, Kentucky, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, and Texas – together have accounted for a larger share of the US economy than nine northern states that defined America as the 20th century's industrial superpower, according to a Reuters analysis of federal data. The analysis compared gross domestic product, population and other factors among Northern and Midwestern states that played a key role in Trump's victory or are typically considered part of the industrial heartland, with those in the South and along the Gulf Coast that have become an emerging destination for auto and other investment. Florida, a state whose population has boomed under an influx of retirees, many of them from the North, was excluded. Free land and degrees Economists and industrial site consultants say the reasons behind the trend have moved beyond lower wages and lower levels of unionization. Per capita income in the South has now almost caught up with that in the Midwest, and its skilled workforce continues to grow as college graduates move in. "Labor? Perceived advantages. Taxes? Some of these are fairly low (tax) states. Real estate? For big projects that are going to employ three, four, five thousand people, you can find free land – zero cost land," said Darin Buelow, an industrial site specialist with Deloitte Consulting. In the South, business executives and development officials interviewed by Reuters were less likely to call for new tariffs and trade deals than to worry about how any new regime may disrupt a system they have learned to work with. David Fernandes, president of Toyota Motor Manufacturing Alabama, said that of the roughly 700,000 engines the factory made last year, half went to Mexico and Canada. The facility also makes engines for cars assembled at a Toyota plant in Georgetown, Ky. "Anything that hinders the opportunity to provide product to a customer is what is concerning," he said. Plants in Kentucky and Indiana gave Toyota a US foothold in the 1980s and 1990s, but in this century the Japanese carmaker turned to Alabama, Texas, and Mississippi for expansion. Located on former cotton fields, the company's Huntsville plant now employs more than 1,400 people and churns out about 3,000 engines a day. Gunmaker Remington Outdoor came to Huntsville lured by $110 million in tax and other concessions. Its factory here is expected to eventually employ 2,000, and it has already begun shifting employees from elsewhere, including 100 from the town in upstate New York where the company was founded two centuries ago. Jeremy Littlejohn moved his cloud computing start-up RISC Networks from Chicago to Asheville, N.C., in 2012 for the less hectic pace, but has found the location a selling point as he grew from 6 to 33 employees. Many of those new workers came from out of state, contributing to North Carolina's net annual influx of about 46,000 college degree holders. That migration of educated workers is the norm among the Southern states. The rust belt by contrast saw a net outflow of more than 400,000 residents with college degrees between 2007 and 2014. The customers are heading South, too. From 1990 to 2015, population in the nine southern and gulf states grew 43 percent, to more than 76 million, and passed that of the rust belt states in the late 1990s. Population in the rust belt grew 13 percent, to 63 million, over the same period. When the Minnesota-based Polaris Industries Inc. began planning a new facility for its line of outdoor vehicles, "there was no Minnesota play," said Eric Blackwell, director of operations at the company's new factory outside Huntsville. The market for Polaris' machines, popular for farm work, hunting and sport riding, was growing in the south. Open land was available, and Alabama had programs to help recruit and train a workforce expected to rise to 1,500. Globalization hit both the north and the south hard. Between 2000 and 2010 each lost about a third of their manufacturing jobs. But employment rebounded faster and more broadly in the south. Between 2000 and 2015, combined private sector employment in nine southern and gulf coast states still grew 13.5 percent. In the nine northern states total private sector jobs as of 2015 remained 1.3 percent below their 2000 level, according to federal data. The transition dates back to the 1980s, when German and Japanese automakers began investing in what has become a sprawling, regional industry. Supplier networks followed, creating even stiffer competition in an industry already changing due to passage of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) and the growth of automaking in Mexico. New industries, such as aerospace, followed. Boeing opened a new factory in Charleston, S.C., while decades of federal spending on space and defense programs created a pool of engineers in Alabama. A surge in energy and locally important industries like wood products added to the employment gains. Judith Adams, vice president at the Alabama State Port Authority, speeds visitors through warehouses of wood fiber products, steel ingots and other goods ready to ship abroad. The port is spending $47 million to boost its capacity to 500,000 containers a year from 300,000. The longer-term the goal is to triple that to 1.5 million. "The vessel sizes are getting bigger. The market is getting bigger. The cargo is here," Ms. Adams said. When European aircraft maker Airbus scouted sites for its $600 million North American plant more than a decade ago it settled on a former Air Force base in Mobile. As it ramps up production, local officials say 20 suppliers have already arrived in Airbus' wake, with firms like Ireland's Maas Aviation looking to put 150 people to work painting planes. Follow Stories Like This Get the Monitor stories you care about delivered to your inbox. Sign Up × "We looked at transportation costs, labor costs, productivity, and it made sense," said Allan McArtor, chief executive of Airbus Group Inc. "We will be building single aisle airplanes (in Mobile) for a long, long time." Reporting by Howard Schneider; Additional reporting by Jonathan Spicer in Cleveland; Editing by David Chance and Tomasz Janowski Give us your feedback, please. Give us your feedback, please. We want to hear, did we miss an angle we should have covered? Should we come back to this topic? Or just give us a rating for this story. We want to hear from you. Your name: Your e-mail address: Your comment: Submit   Thank you for contacting The Christian Science Monitor. Next Up Test your knowledge How much do you know about bipartisanship? Take our quiz. By Colby Bermel In Trump country, a positive response to travel ban By Jay Reveves How Democrats slowly turned their backs on rural America By Francine Kiefer, Story Hinckley Photos of the Day Photos of the day 04/07 Our Award-Winning Publication Subscribe to the Monitor's trustworthy weekly review of global news and ideas. SUBSCRIBE Stay Current. Go Far. Discover the Monitor Difference About Contact Us Subscribe E-Readers Advertise With Us Careers Find us online Content Map Text Edition Corrections Reprints & Permissions Multimedia A Christian Science Perspective © The Christian Science Monitor.All Rights Reserved. Terms.Privacy Policy.
Latest News Dow 20,656 -6.85 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,878 -1.14 -0.02% S&P 500 2,356 -1.95 -0.08% 4/07 Updated Millions of Americans are desperate to trade part-time work for full-time 4/07 Updated This is why Dutch kids are much happier than American children 4/07 Updated A pro baseball stadium in Seattle just put toasted grasshoppers on the menu 4/07 Syria Strikes: Does Trump Need Approval from Congress? 4/07 Stockholm Truck Attack Leaves Several Dead 4/07 Trump names Kevin Hassett as White House’s chief economist 4/07 Neurological drug developer Biohaven files for initial public offering 4/07 Action plan drawn up on U.S.-China trade, Commerce’s Ross says 4/07 Updated U.S. households will soon have as much debt as they had in 2008 4/07 Updated The Moneyologist: I signed away my $500,000 inheritance when I was a child — what can I do? 4/07 Updated The Moneyologist: My brothers owe our late mother’s estate $30,000 — how should they repay it? 4/07 Updated World Health Day: Happy workers are 10% more productive at work 4/07 Updated You can buy a copy of the Sex Pistols’ ‘God Save the Queen’ for $10,000 4/07 Updated World Health Day: Americans rekindle their deadly love affair with salt 4/07 Updated World Health Day: This is how much depression costs U.S. companies 4/07 Updated World Health Day: Millennial women face new mental health struggles in the workplace 4/07 Updated World Health Day: Fatal drug overdoses soar among white, middle-aged American men 4/07 Updated World Health Day: Lonely people are more likely to over-share on Facebook 4/07 Updated Fox threatens to pull cable channels from Charter amid carriage fee dispute 4/07 Want to see how America is changing? Property taxes hold the answer Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Markets U.S. & Canada Market Snapshot Get email alerts Stock market closes fractionally lower after jobs report, Syria strike By Wallace Witkowski and Mark DeCambre Published: Apr 7, 2017 4:59 p.m. ET Share Dow industrials, S&P 500, Nasdaq all edge lower on week Reuters U.S. Navy guided-missile destroyer USS Porter conducts strike operations. By WallaceWitkowski Reporter MarkDeCambre U.S. stocks closed fractionally lower Friday, posting weekly losses after staggering through a choppy session as investors digested weaker-than-expected March jobs data and President Donald Trump’s late Thursday airstrike against Syria. The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.03%  finished down 6.85 points at 20,656.10. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. WMT, +2.06%  and defense contractor Boeing Co. BA, +0.83% led gainers, while DuPont DD, -0.73%  and Walt Disney Co. DIS, -0.42%  weighed on the average. The S&P 500 SPX, -0.08%  declined 1.95 points to close at 2,355.54, with six out of the index’s 11 sectors finishing lower as utilities, consumer-discretionary, and financials led decliners. Shares of defense contractors rose, with L3 Technologies Inc. LLL, +1.78%  up 1.8%, General Dynamics Corp. GD, +0.93%  gaining 0.9%, and Tomahawk cruise missile maker Raytheon Co. RTN, +1.47% advancing 1.5%. The Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, -0.02% finished down 1.14 points at 5,877.81. For the week, the Dow industrials declined less than 0.1%, while the S&P 500 shed 0.3% and the Nasdaq Composite Index fell 0.6%. The Labor Department report showed that the U.S. created just 98,000 new jobs in March, marking the smallest gain in almost a year, as hiring cooled. Economists polled by MarketWatch had predicted a 185,000 increase in nonfarm jobs. “This is a disappointing jobs report coming in well below consensus,” said Chris Zaccarelli, chief investment officer for Cornerstone Financial Partners. “The jobs numbers are historically lumpy, so it’s possible to look past this month, but it’s a negative sign to be certain and should temper some of the risk-on trades that have tried to resume this week after a month of caution in March.” While the jobs report may have disappointed some, many people had been expecting a slowdown with severe March weather on the East Coast being a legitimate reason for retail and construction hiring to slow, said Bill Stone, chief investment strategist at PNC Asset Management Group, in an interview. “It wasn’t exactly a disaster, maybe it backs off some of the ultrahawks [on the Fed] and we only get two rate hikes this year,” Stone said. Plus, with earnings season ramping up in the coming weeks, many investors want to sit tight until there’s more clarity, he said. In a bright spot for the labor report, however, the unemployment rate fell to 4.5% from 4.7%—the lowest level in almost 10 years. Meanwhile, the military action late Thursday put investors on edge on a day already loaded with market-sensitive events, including President Trump and his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping’s closely followed diplomatic talks at Trump’s Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida. Given the number of geopolitical factors, it’s surprise the market was so calm, said Randy Frederick, managing director at Schwab Center for Financial Research. Wall Street’s fear index, the CBOE Volatility Index VIX, +3.87% rose 4.4% to 12.93 but remains far below its historical average of 20. The VIX is derived from the prices of S&P 500 index options 30-days in the future and is a barometer of expectations for stock-market turbulence. Market watchers may be betting that the U.S. strike against Syria will be limited and predictable and that it won’t lead to conflict with Syrian ally Russia. “We have been in conflict with somebody since 9/11, so the market has become less reactive to those moves, especially if it doesn’t affect oil,” PNC’s Stone said. Read: Does oil deserve a ‘risk premium’ after Syria airstrike? Strikes rattle investors: Nearly 60 Tomahawk cruise missiles were launched against a Syrian air base at dawn local time Friday by the U.S. Navy. Al-Masdar News, which backs the Syrian government, said the attacks caused heavy damage to the Shayrat air base and multiple casualties. Investors poured money into assets considered havens in times of political uncertainty. Gold futures GCM7, +0.22% settled up 0.3% at $1,257.30 an ounce following an earlier rally. The yen, another haven asset, was also bid higher, with the dollar dropping to ¥110.74 USDJPY, +0.26%  from ¥110.81 late Thursday in New York. U.S. strikes Syria with cruise missiles(1:40) The U.S. launched more than 50 Tomahawk cruise missiles against a Syrian air base Friday, the first U.S. military operation to deliberately target the regime of President Bashar al-Assad. Summit effect: The surprise intervention in Syria is also being followed for its implications for the meeting between Trump and Xi. Trump said he had made “tremendous progress” in his talks with Xi. The summit is being closely watched by investors for signs that the heads of the world’s largest economies can ease tensions over trade and North Korea, among other issues. Read: Why investors are fretting over the Trump-Xi meeting And see: Which country is a better ally for the U.S.: Russia or China? Jobs report: The jobs report also showed average wages rose 0.2% to $26.14 an hour. Hourly pay increased 2.7% in the 12 months ending March 2017, down from 2.8% in the prior month. Hours worked totaled 34.3 a week, the same as in February. Separately, a report on wholesale inventories showed a climb in February of 0.4%. Among speakers from the Federal Reserve, New York Fed President William Dudley tried to find a middle path between differing views of “too big to fail” between J.P. Morgan & Co. CEO James Dimon and Minneapolis Fed President Neel Kashkari. Stocks to watch: Among other defensive stocks Lockheed Martin Corp. LMT, +1.17%  finished up 1.2%. Shares of Northrop Grumman Corp. NOC, +0.90%  rose 0.9%. Haven gold-related stocks retreated from earlier gains with shares of Barrick Gold Corp. ABX, -0.73%  down 0.7% and Newmont Mining Corp. NEM, +0.41%  finishing up 0.4%. Under Armour Inc. UA, -3.20% UAA, -2.02%  shares closed lower following a report that the athletic apparel company was cutting jobs at its fitness-tracking device unit. Other markets: Investors also flocked to oil amid fears of potential supply disruptions from the U.S. airstrikes, given Syria’s proximity to pipelines and routes that transport oil. WTI crude futures CLM7, +0.98% settled up 1% at $52.24 a barrel even as U.S. rig counts rose, while Brent crude LCOM7, +0.67%  slipped less than 0.1% to $55.19 a barrel. MarketWatch Oil rises after U.S. strike against Syria Read: How markets reacted to U.S. strike in Syria, in 4 charts European stocks SXXP, +0.13%  finished slightly higher following earlier weakness on Friday, though the FTSE 100 UKX, +0.63%  slipped. —Barbara Kollmeyer in Madrid contributed to this report. More from MarketWatch Here’s how much it costs to replace the 59 Tomahawk missiles Trump fired on Syria Is this all the investing advice you’ll ever need? How the wealthiest Americans got rich may surprise you Related Topics U.S. Stocks Markets NY Stock Exchange NASDAQ Quote References DJIA -6.85 -0.03% WMT +1.47 +2.06% BA +1.48 +0.83% DD -0.59 -0.73% DIS -0.47 -0.42% SPX -1.95 -0.08% LLL +2.90 +1.78% GD +1.74 +0.93% RTN +2.21 +1.47% COMP -1.14 -0.02% VIX +0.48 +3.87% GCM7 +2.80 +0.22% USDJPY +0.29 +0.26% LMT +3.12 +1.17% NOC +2.14 +0.90% ABX -0.14 -0.73% NEM +0.14 +0.41% UA -0.61 -3.20% UAA -0.41 -2.02% CLM7 +0.51 +0.98% LCOM7 +0.37 +0.67% SXXP +0.49 +0.13% UKX +46.17 +0.63% Show all references Most Popular Here’s how much it costs to replace the 59 Tomahawk missiles Trump fired on Syria This is why Dutch kids are much happier than American children Want to see how America is changing? Property taxes hold the answer This image of Jared Kushner is blowing up the internet How wearable technology can transform health care MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 20,656.10 -6.85 (-0.03%) Volume 219.7M Open 20,648 High 20,726 Low 20,607 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $72.90 +1.47 (+2.06%) Volume 10.1M Open $72.10 High $72.99 Low $71.80 P/E Ratio 16.61 Div Yield 2.8 Market Cap 216.6B Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $178.85 +1.48 (+0.83%) Volume 2.6M Open $178.39 High $179.09 Low $177.26 P/E Ratio 23.38 Div Yield 3.18 Market Cap 107.7B E.I. DuPont de Nemours & Co. U.S.: NYSE: DD $80.05 -0.59 (-0.73%) Volume 1.9M Open $80.25 High $80.50 Low $79.92 P/E Ratio 28.04 Div Yield 1.9 Market Cap 69.6B Walt Disney Co. U.S.: NYSE: DIS $112.58 -0.47 (-0.42%) Volume 4.2M Open $112.82 High $113.28 Low $112.53 P/E Ratio 20.32 Div Yield 1.39 Market Cap 178.7B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,355.54 -1.95 (-0.08%) Volume 1.7B Open 2,357 High 2,364 Low 2,351 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A L3 Technologies Inc. U.S.: NYSE: LLL $165.80 +2.90 (+1.78%) Volume 798.5K Open $164.84 High $166.15 Low $163.42 P/E Ratio 18.4 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 12.6B General Dynamics Corp. U.S.: NYSE: GD $188.04 +1.74 (+0.93%) Volume 1.1M Open $188.80 High $189.42 Low $186.60 P/E Ratio 19.65 Div Yield 1.79 Market Cap 56.4B Raytheon Co. U.S.: NYSE: RTN $152.96 +2.21 (+1.47%) Volume 3.6M Open $154.62 High $155.20 Low $151.71 P/E Ratio 20.54 Div Yield 2.09 Market Cap 43.9B NASDAQ Composite Index U.S.: Nasdaq: COMP 5,877.81 -1.14 (-0.02%) Volume 0 Open 5,874 High 5,892 Low 5,856 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A CBOE Volatility Index MDX CBOE IND: VIX 12.87 +0.48 (+3.87%) Volume 0 Open 13.17 High 13.43 Low 12.23 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Gold - Electronic Jun 2017 U.S.: Comex: GCM7 $1,256.10 +2.80 (+0.22%) Volume 365.4K Open $1,254 High $1,273 Low $1,252 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Japanese Yen Tullett Prebon: USDJPY 111.10 +0.29 (+0.26%) Volume 0 Open 110.81 High 111.37 Low 110.14 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Lockheed Martin Corp. U.S.: NYSE: LMT $270.23 +3.12 (+1.17%) Volume 1.0M Open $272.34 High $272.34 Low $268.18 P/E Ratio 20.69 Div Yield 2.69 Market Cap 77.4B Northrop Grumman Corp. U.S.: NYSE: NOC $238.81 +2.14 (+0.90%) Volume 691.9K Open $239.72 High $240.12 Low $237.39 P/E Ratio 19.59 Div Yield 1.51 Market Cap 41.3B Barrick Gold Corp. U.S.: NYSE: ABX $19.14 -0.14 (-0.73%) Volume 12.9M Open $19.68 High $19.71 Low $18.94 P/E Ratio 34.18 Div Yield 0.63 Market Cap 22.6B Newmont Mining Corp. U.S.: NYSE: NEM $34.31 +0.14 (+0.41%) Volume 5.0M Open $34.97 High $34.97 Low $34.08 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0.58 Market Cap 18.2B Under Armour Inc. Cl C U.S.: NYSE: UA $18.43 -0.61 (-3.20%) Volume 4.0M Open $18.90 High $18.94 Low $18.33 P/E Ratio 41.62 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 8.6B Under Armour Inc. Cl A U.S.: NYSE: UAA $19.86 -0.41 (-2.02%) Volume 4.3M Open $20.11 High $20.24 Low $19.77 P/E Ratio 44.82 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 8.6B Crude Oil - Electronic Jun 2017 U.S.: Nymex: CLM7 $52.64 +0.51 (+0.98%) Volume 307.0K Open $52.13 High $53.35 Low $51.92 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Brent Crude Jun 2017 U.K. ICE Futures Europe: LCOM7 $55.26 +0.37 (+0.67%) Volume 307.1K Open $54.88 High $56.08 Low $54.57 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A STOXX Europe 600 Index EUR STOXX: SXXP 381.26 +0.49 (+0.13%) Volume 0 Open 380.02 High 381.26 Low 378.90 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A FTSE 100 Index GBP FTSE Indices: UKX 7,349.37 +46.17 (+0.63%) Volume 0 Open 7,303 High 7,349 Low 7,285 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Indy/Life Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: News Business Business Comment Co-operative Bank: There may yet be hope for the ethical bank but it isn't out of the woods The bank says it has received a number of takeover proposals. That doesn't mean the Co-operative Group was wrong to value its 20 per cent stake at zero James Moore Chief Business Commentator @JimMooreJourno Friday 7 April 2017 11:00 BST Click to follow The Independent Online Co-operative Bank: Drawing interest from potential buyers Getty The Co-operative Bank might have been valued at zero on the books of the Co-operative Group (it retains a 20 per cent stake) but it appears that it might be worth something to someone.  Having commenced a sale process in February, which resulted in a certain amount of scepticism, Britain’s only ethical bank has announced that it has received “a number of non binding proposals” from potential buyers.  A shortlist has been put together, and those on it will enter a second phase in which they will receive some more information (financials and the like) to chew over.  Read more Co-op Bank's unique proposition must be preserved Co-op Bank reports loss of £477m in 2016 as sale looms Co-Op Bank is putting itself up for sale Co-operative members whose eyes light up at the prospect of maybe getting something for the troubled operation shouldn’t be deceived.  The key paragraph in the bank’s announcement is this: “Each of the preliminary offers selected includes some form of liability management exercise.” I imagine that was written by a lawyer, or someone in compliance, because it doesn’t appear to say very much.  However, my understanding is that “liability management exercise” means the bank’s bond holders can expect to get some equity from a new owner, or fresh paper on (most likely) less favourable terms than they have now if a deal is agreed. The shareholders (including the Co-operative Group) might get a nominal £1 if they’re lucky.  The group’s decision to value its stake in the bank at zero is therefore entirely justified, even though the thumping loss it had to report from taking the write down took the gloss off some otherwise decent numbers. It might not come as too much consolation to investors in the bonds, or to the Co-operative Group’s members and the bank’s other shareholders, but a deal would still represent a welcome development, particularly for the British banking industry.  The Co-operative Bank’s difficulties have already provided a handy test of the procedures adopted by the Bank of England for dealing with troubled banks in the wake of the financial crisis. A successful resolution would show that they have worked.  Secondly, if the Co-operative Bank does find a new owner, you might expect it to retain the bank as an ethical subsidiary, with some form of screening body ensuring that customers’ money doesn’t touch the bad businesses or nasty regimes that it currently refuses to lend to. Business picture of the day 33 show all Business picture of the day 1/33 Doritos, Coco Pops, Peperami among latest products to be hit by shrinkflation - Thursday April 6 Bags of Doritos, packets Peperami and boxes Coco Pops have become the latest treats to shrink in size as retailers passed on surging costs from the Brexit-hit pound and rising commodity prices. 2/33 Cuban family making their own wine brand using condoms - Wednesday April 5 family wine business in Cuba is thriving thanks in part to an unconventional item being added into the fermentation process – condoms. As a result of the US trade embargo and other inefficiencies of Cuba's economy, thousands of basic household items are inaccessible to Cubans meaning that sometimes a little creativity is required to get the job done. At El Canal, a winery in Havana, Orestes Estevez and his family fill glass jugs with grapes, ginger and hibiscus, before securing a condom over each glass jug Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. AP 3/33 'Pink Star' diamond sells for world record £57m in Hong Kong auction - Tuesday April 4 A rare pink diamond dubbed the “Pink Star” has become the world's most expensive gemstone to sell at auction, coming under the hammer in Hong Kong on Tuesday for $71.2m (£57.3m). The oval-cut 59.6 carat jewel, discovered in a mine in Africa by De Beers in 1999, is the largest fancy vivid pink diamond, categorised as “flawless” or “internally flawless”, that the Gemological Institute of America (GIA) has ever graded. It sold after a five-minute bidding war, that started at $56m, to Hong Kong jewellery retailer Chow Tai Fook at Sotheby's. AP 4/33 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 5/33 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 6/33 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 7/33 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 8/33 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 9/33 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 10/33 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 11/33 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 12/33 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 13/33 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 14/33 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 15/33 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 16/33 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 17/33 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 18/33 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 19/33 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 20/33 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 21/33 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 22/33 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 23/33 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 24/33 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 25/33 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 26/33 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 27/33 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 28/33 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 29/33 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 30/33 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 31/33 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 32/33 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 33/33 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty That would also be a good thing. As I have written before, there is clearly a demand for “ethical” banking, otherwise a lot more of the bank’s customers would have high tailed it out at the first signs of trouble.  While inertia will have kept some in place, others have stuck around because the Co-operative ethics matter to them. It’s why they joined the bank in the first place.  There are chinks of light towards the end of the latter’s long, dark, tunnel. But be advised that they could still easily be snuffed out. It’s a hopeful sign that the Co-operative Bank is drawing interest. But right now that’s all this amounts to. More about: Co-operative Bank Co-operative Group Banking Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Indy/Life Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: News Business Business Comment HBOS fraud: Lloyds is belatedly compensating victims. But it's quite late to the party Pressure appears to be yielding the desired results, but it's a pity those who suffered through the actions of the fraudsters have had to wait for so long James Moore Chief Business Commentator @JimMooreJourno Friday 7 April 2017 12:42 BST Click to follow The Independent Online The HBOS fraudsters living it up on the backs of the bank's customers Thames Valley Police After doing a fine impression of a tortoise with a broken leg over the question of dealing with the victims of the £245m HBOS bank fraud, owner Lloyds has suddenly morphed into, well, perhaps not Usain Bolt. But at least the guy who makes the semi final with him and then finishes seventh. Less than three weeks after setting up a review into compensating victims under Professor Russel Griggs, and a matter of days after the Sunday Times alleged a cover up, £100m has appeared. Or at least an estimate of £100m as the cost of providing “compensation for economic losses, distress and inconvenience” caused to those who suffered through the fraudsters' actions.  Read more Lloyds Bank to pay out £100m compensation to HBOS fraud victims HBOS fraud: Too early for curtain to fall amid fresh media claims Lloyds apologises for distress caused by corrupt bankers in loan scam But there’s more: Interim cash payments are coming for those in financial distress, plus funding for “reasonable fees” they might incur through seeking professional advice.  Business and personal debts currently owed to Lloyds by victims will be written off. Crikey!  Still not finished, Lloyds has said it is also appointing a senior independent lawyer to consider “whether the issues relating to HBOS Reading were investigated and appropriately reported to authorities at the time by Lloyds Banking Group, following its acquisition of HBOS”. This after Lloyds at first sought to swat aside the Sunday Times’ report.  Dismissing it as coming from a former employee, the bank blustered: “It is not a police report nor was it requested or sanctioned by the Group. The document contains many unsubstantiated allegations about individuals, auditors, regulators, as well as HBOS, the majority of which are made without any supporting evidence."  Regular readers may remember that in response, I suggested that there remain an awful lot of issues to address arising from the fraud and that someone in authority might like to take up the reins.  I subsequently heard from the All Party Parliamentary Group on Fair Business Banking, which told me that its members are on the case, and are pushing for a Treasury Select Committee inquiry (three also sit on that august body). It sent a rather fierce letter to the bank earlier this week.  Now it seems Lloyds may have bigger problems still. Faced with the possibility of people asking why it hasn’t taken up the baton, the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) has taken the unusual step of revealing that it has (you usually only find out that there has been an investigation when the regulator announces the penalties).  It commenced work on the case some years ago, only to put it on hold in 2013 at the request of Thames Valley Police, whose successful investigation saw six fraudsters, including former HBOS manager Lynden Scourfield, handed lengthy prison sentences after indulging in an orgy of high living on the backs of HBOS customers. The probe is now steaming ahead again. Investigation is a technical term with the city watchdog. It means the case is being handled by its enforcers and that penalties may follow. It is to be hoped that the FCA, in this case, does more than simply imposing a fine on Lloyds if it finds wrong doing. That's too easy. Lloyds will doubtless accept the penalty early (banks usually do) and include it as an exceptional item in the next convenient financial statement. However, if wrong doing is found among senior HBOS managers, they also need to walk the plank. A message needs to be sent. As for Lloyds' sudden awakening to the scale of the problem it faces, and response to the criticism it has been facing? I suppose the best response would be “better late than never”.  The APPG ’s chairman George Kerevan has, in correspondence with Lloyds, repeatedly criticised its top down approach when it comes to victims. With some justification.   Business picture of the day 33 show all Business picture of the day 1/33 Doritos, Coco Pops, Peperami among latest products to be hit by shrinkflation - Thursday April 6 Bags of Doritos, packets Peperami and boxes Coco Pops have become the latest treats to shrink in size as retailers passed on surging costs from the Brexit-hit pound and rising commodity prices. 2/33 Cuban family making their own wine brand using condoms - Wednesday April 5 family wine business in Cuba is thriving thanks in part to an unconventional item being added into the fermentation process – condoms. As a result of the US trade embargo and other inefficiencies of Cuba's economy, thousands of basic household items are inaccessible to Cubans meaning that sometimes a little creativity is required to get the job done. At El Canal, a winery in Havana, Orestes Estevez and his family fill glass jugs with grapes, ginger and hibiscus, before securing a condom over each glass jug Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. AP 3/33 'Pink Star' diamond sells for world record £57m in Hong Kong auction - Tuesday April 4 A rare pink diamond dubbed the “Pink Star” has become the world's most expensive gemstone to sell at auction, coming under the hammer in Hong Kong on Tuesday for $71.2m (£57.3m). The oval-cut 59.6 carat jewel, discovered in a mine in Africa by De Beers in 1999, is the largest fancy vivid pink diamond, categorised as “flawless” or “internally flawless”, that the Gemological Institute of America (GIA) has ever graded. It sold after a five-minute bidding war, that started at $56m, to Hong Kong jewellery retailer Chow Tai Fook at Sotheby's. AP 4/33 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 5/33 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 6/33 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 7/33 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 8/33 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 9/33 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 10/33 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 11/33 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 12/33 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 13/33 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 14/33 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 15/33 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 16/33 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 17/33 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 18/33 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 19/33 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 20/33 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 21/33 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 22/33 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 23/33 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 24/33 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 25/33 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 26/33 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 27/33 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 28/33 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 29/33 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 30/33 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 31/33 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 32/33 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 33/33 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty Prof Griggs may be a respected figure, with experience of both small business, and of banking, but he was still appointed by the bank. Victims who have been let down by it, not just through the fraud but through the subsequent handling of their cases, have reason to feel unhappy about that.  Their voices need to be heard. But Lloyds was ever a rather slow moving and bureaucratic beast, even when it was hailed as the belle of the banking ball many years ago. Some things never change.  It is at last moving in the right direction, and with a little more speed than it has previously shown, but we’re not there yet. A banking Bolt needn’t worry. The black horse of Lloyds still needs to spend some time on the training track. More about: HBOS Lloyds Banking Group bank fraud compensation Financial Conduct Authority Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Indy/Life Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: News Business Business News House prices rise at slowest rate for four years On a month-on-month basis, house prices have been at a standstill for two months in a row, with monthly growth of 0 per cent recorded in both February and March Vicky Shaw Friday 7 April 2017 08:45 BST Click to follow The Independent Online Halifax's quarterly measure of house price growth showed that prices in the three months to March were 0.1 per cent higher than they were between October and December 2016 Daniel Lynch House prices are increasing at their slowest pace since May 2013, according to an index. Property values lifted by 3.8 per cent year-on-year in March – compared to a 10 per cent increase recorded in March 2016, Halifax said. The average house price across the UK now stands at £219,755. Read more UK homeowners confident house prices will rise despite Brexit fears On a month-on-month basis, house prices have been at a standstill for two months in a row, with monthly growth of 0 per cent recorded in both February and March. Halifax’s quarterly measure of house price growth showed that prices in the three months to March were 0.1 per cent higher than they were between October and December 2016. Martin Ellis, a housing economist at Halifax, said: “The annual rate of house price growth has more than halved over the past 12 months. “A lengthy period of rapid house price growth has made it increasingly difficult for many to purchase a home as income growth has failed to keep up, which appears to have curbed housing demand. “Nonetheless, the supply of both new homes and existing properties available for sale remains low. This, together with historically very low mortgage rates, is likely to support house price levels over the coming months.” Read more The boroughs where house price rises are racing ahead House price growth in the Midlands outstrips all other regions London house prices hit new record high UK house prices rise at fastest for a year as London market rebounds London house prices have risen by £105 a day for the past five years Samuel Tombs, chief UK economist at Pantheon Macroeconomics, said Halifax’s index adds to other recent reports as further evidence of a slowdown, adding: “It’s now incontrovertible that the housing market has slowed sharply this year.” He said he expects house prices to increase by just 2 per cent over the next 12 months. Mr Tombs continued: “House prices are being increasingly constrained by households’ incomes, now that mortgage rates have hit a floor and regulations are preventing a further upward shift in average loan-to-income ratios.” The Centre for Economics and Business Research said this week that it expects house prices to keep pushing upwards in the coming years, despite uncertainty over Brexit. It said a continued lack of homes for buyers to choose from will help to underpin prices. Business picture of the day 33 show all Business picture of the day 1/33 Doritos, Coco Pops, Peperami among latest products to be hit by shrinkflation - Thursday April 6 Bags of Doritos, packets Peperami and boxes Coco Pops have become the latest treats to shrink in size as retailers passed on surging costs from the Brexit-hit pound and rising commodity prices. 2/33 Cuban family making their own wine brand using condoms - Wednesday April 5 family wine business in Cuba is thriving thanks in part to an unconventional item being added into the fermentation process – condoms. As a result of the US trade embargo and other inefficiencies of Cuba's economy, thousands of basic household items are inaccessible to Cubans meaning that sometimes a little creativity is required to get the job done. At El Canal, a winery in Havana, Orestes Estevez and his family fill glass jugs with grapes, ginger and hibiscus, before securing a condom over each glass jug Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. AP 3/33 'Pink Star' diamond sells for world record £57m in Hong Kong auction - Tuesday April 4 A rare pink diamond dubbed the “Pink Star” has become the world's most expensive gemstone to sell at auction, coming under the hammer in Hong Kong on Tuesday for $71.2m (£57.3m). The oval-cut 59.6 carat jewel, discovered in a mine in Africa by De Beers in 1999, is the largest fancy vivid pink diamond, categorised as “flawless” or “internally flawless”, that the Gemological Institute of America (GIA) has ever graded. It sold after a five-minute bidding war, that started at $56m, to Hong Kong jewellery retailer Chow Tai Fook at Sotheby's. AP 4/33 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 5/33 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 6/33 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 7/33 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 8/33 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 9/33 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 10/33 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 11/33 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 12/33 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 13/33 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 14/33 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 15/33 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 16/33 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 17/33 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 18/33 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 19/33 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 20/33 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 21/33 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 22/33 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 23/33 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 24/33 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 25/33 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 26/33 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 27/33 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 28/33 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 29/33 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 30/33 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 31/33 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 32/33 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 33/33 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty CEBR expects the average UK property value to increase by around £52,000 by 2021. Jeremy Leaf, a north London estate agent and a former residential chairman of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors, said: “What we have found on the ground is that there is more of a general acceptance that prices are flattening and if people want to move, then Easter is the time to get on with it and be more realistic about making and accepting offers.” Mark Harris, chief executive of mortgage broker SPF Private Clients, said: “Mortgage rates continue to stay low and competitive, which is helping support property prices to an extent. “Even though swap rates have risen on the back of higher inflation, lenders seem willing to absorb some of the higher costs of funding, at least for now, in order to compete for business. “This is good news for borrowers and those remortgaging as we head into what is usually the busiest time of the year for the housing market.” PA More about: House prices Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Indy/Life Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: News Business Business News Lloyds Bank to pay out £100m compensation to HBOS fraud victims Banker Lyndon Scourfield was ‘utterly corrupt’ judges found – Lloyds is currently reviewing the cases of all those who  may have been affected Ben Chapman Friday 7 April 2017 16:22 BST Click to follow The Independent Online Lloyds said it would write off customer debt ‘where appropriate’ and cover reasonable fees for professional advice Getty Lloyds Bank has said it will pay around £100m in compensation to its small business customers who were the victims of fraud involving two former HBOS employees. Lloyds, which owns HBOS, said on Friday it would “provide fair, swift and appropriate compensation”, to those affected, many of whom saw their businesses fail as a result of the scam. In January, Lyndon Scourfield, a former manager at HBOS’ Reading branch, was sentenced to 11 years in prison after a court found he had helped to extract money from customers in financial difficulty. Fellow banker Mark Dobson was jailed for four and a half years for his part in the scam. Read more HBOS fraud: Too early for curtain to fall amid fresh media claims Mr Scourfield referred them to businessmen David Mills, 60, and Michael Bancroft, 73 who claimed to be turnaround consultants providing assistance struggling businesses.  Instead they bullied them, squeezed them for large fees and stripped them of assets. In exchange, Mr Mills arranged sex parties, cash and lavish gifts for Mr Scourfield. Sentencing in February, Judge Martin Beddoe said Mr Scourfiled was an “utterly corrupt senior bank manager” who had “sold his soul” to Mr Mills in exchange for “sex”, “bling” and “for swag”. Read more HBOS fraud: Too early for curtain to fall amid fresh media claims Lloyds apologises for distress caused by corrupt bankers in loan scam MPs urge Lloyds to compensate customers scammed by HBOS bankers HBOS fraud: It's time to tax audits to fund fraud cops Lloyds has appointed Professor Russel Griggs OBE as an independent reviewer in consultation with the Financial Conduct Authority. The bank said the review was in its initial stages and committed to provide interim payments on a case-by-case basis to assist victims in financial difficulty with day-to-day living costs. It also said it would write off customer debt “where appropriate” and cover reasonable fees for professional advice. Lloyds Banking Group chief executive António Horta-Osório said:  “We would like to express our deep regret and apologies to any customers directly affected by the criminal behaviour of these individuals.” Business picture of the day 33 show all Business picture of the day 1/33 Doritos, Coco Pops, Peperami among latest products to be hit by shrinkflation - Thursday April 6 Bags of Doritos, packets Peperami and boxes Coco Pops have become the latest treats to shrink in size as retailers passed on surging costs from the Brexit-hit pound and rising commodity prices. 2/33 Cuban family making their own wine brand using condoms - Wednesday April 5 family wine business in Cuba is thriving thanks in part to an unconventional item being added into the fermentation process – condoms. As a result of the US trade embargo and other inefficiencies of Cuba's economy, thousands of basic household items are inaccessible to Cubans meaning that sometimes a little creativity is required to get the job done. At El Canal, a winery in Havana, Orestes Estevez and his family fill glass jugs with grapes, ginger and hibiscus, before securing a condom over each glass jug Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. AP 3/33 'Pink Star' diamond sells for world record £57m in Hong Kong auction - Tuesday April 4 A rare pink diamond dubbed the “Pink Star” has become the world's most expensive gemstone to sell at auction, coming under the hammer in Hong Kong on Tuesday for $71.2m (£57.3m). The oval-cut 59.6 carat jewel, discovered in a mine in Africa by De Beers in 1999, is the largest fancy vivid pink diamond, categorised as “flawless” or “internally flawless”, that the Gemological Institute of America (GIA) has ever graded. It sold after a five-minute bidding war, that started at $56m, to Hong Kong jewellery retailer Chow Tai Fook at Sotheby's. AP 4/33 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 5/33 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 6/33 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 7/33 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 8/33 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 9/33 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 10/33 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 11/33 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 12/33 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 13/33 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 14/33 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 15/33 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 16/33 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 17/33 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 18/33 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 19/33 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 20/33 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 21/33 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 22/33 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 23/33 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 24/33 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 25/33 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 26/33 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 27/33 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 28/33 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 29/33 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 30/33 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 31/33 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 32/33 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 33/33 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty Mr Horta-Osorio added: “We take responsibility for putting right the wrongs that were committed at HBOS Reading at the time. That is why today we are providing an additional package of measures to ensure that customers have all the help they need as we resolve their cases as quickly as possible.” The FCA announced on Friday that it had resumed its investigation of the misconduct, after it was suspended in early 2013 pending the outcome of the court case. The watchdog said it would focus on “the extent and nature of the knowledge of these matters within HBOS”, as well as what the bank communicated to authorities once it discovered wrongdoing. Lord Blackwell, Lloyds Banking Group Chairman, said: “Our first priority after the trial has been to focus upon getting customers compensation.  “To reassure our customers, stakeholders and shareholders, it is incumbent upon us to confirm we have acted appropriately. As such, it is the right thing to do to consider the Group’s actions during this period taking account of evidence that came to light in the trial.” More about: Lloyds bank HBOS David Mills Michael Bancroft Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site

Photos Videos Topics Live SL 131/10 (18) - BAN 176/9 (20) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Kishori Amonkar Narendra Modi IPL 2017 Yogi Adityanath Arvind Kejriwal Home World INSIGHT-US South, not just Mexico, stands in way of Rust Belt jobs revival Shares1 Fri, 7 Apr 2017-10:35am , Reuters Judith Adams, vice president at the Alabama State Port Authority, speeds visitors through warehouses of wood fiber products, steel ingots and other goods ready to ship abroad. In the years since the 2008 financial crisis, this southern U.S. port city has attracted a new Airbus factory, seen its steel industry retool, and gained thousands of jobs building the Navy's new combat vessel. Some 300 miles north in Huntsville, new businesses sprout in farm fields drawn by readily available land, low taxes, flexible labor rules and improving infrastructure. As President Trump faces pressure to deliver on his promise to revive manufacturing in the northern "rust belt" states that put him in the White House, his biggest challenge may not be Mexico or China, but the southern U.S. states that form the other pillar of his political base. States like Alabama have built a presence in the global supply chain in direct competition with the country's Midwestern industrial heartland, and even if Trump coaxes jobs back to the United States they may well head south rather than north. Whether the "rust belt's" expectations are met will be central to 2018 U.S. mid-term elections and likely frame the presidential race in 2020. The southern states are reliably Republican, but the party's ability to repeat its success in Midwestern swing states, such as Michigan, Ohio and Wisconsin, may hinge on whether the Trump administration delivers on its economic promises. For a decade now, nine southern states - North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Tennessee, Kentucky, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, and Texas - together have accounted for a larger share of the U.S. economy than nine northern states that defined America as the 20th century's industrial superpower, according to a Reuters analysis of federal data. The analysis compared gross domestic product, population and other factors among northern and Midwestern states that played a key role in Trump's victory or are typically considered part of the industrial heartland, with those in the south and along the Gulf Coast that have become an emerging destination for auto and other investment. (Graphic: http://tmsnrt.rs/2nHSda5) Florida, a state whose population has boomed under an influx of retirees, many of them from the north, was excluded. FREE LAND AND DEGREES Economists and industrial site consultants say the reasons behind the trend have moved beyond lower wages and lower levels of unionization. Per capita income in the south has now almost caught up with that in the Midwest, and its skilled workforce continues to grow as college graduates move in. "Labor? Perceived advantages. Taxes? Some of these are fairly low (tax) states. Real estate? For big projects that are going to employ three, four, five thousand people, you can find free land - zero cost land," said Darin Buelow, an industrial site specialist with Deloitte Consulting. In the south, business executives and development officials interviewed by Reuters were less likely to call for new tariffs and trade deals than to worry about how any new regime may disrupt a system they have learned to work with. David Fernandes, president of Toyota Motor Manufacturing Alabama, said that of the roughly 700,000 engines the factory made last year, half went to Mexico and Canada. The facility also makes engines for cars assembled at a Toyota plant in Georgetown, Kentucky. "Anything that hinders the opportunity to provide product to a customer is what is concerning," he said. Plants in Kentucky and Indiana gave Toyota a U.S. foothold in the 1980s and 1990s, but in this century the Japanese carmaker turned to Alabama, Texas and Mississippi for expansion. Located on former cotton fields, the company's Huntsville, Alabama, plant now employs more than 1,400 people and churns out about 3,000 engines a day. Gunmaker Remington Outdoor came to Huntsville lured by $110 million in tax and other concessions. Its factory here is expected to eventually employ 2,000, and it has already begun shifting employees from elsewhere, including 100 from the town in upstate New York where the company was founded two centuries ago. Jeremy Littlejohn moved his cloud computing start-up RISC Networks from Chicago to Asheville, NC, in 2012 for the less hectic pace, but has found the location a selling point as he grew from 6 to 33 employees. Many of those new workers came from out of state, contributing to North Carolina's net annual influx of about 46,000 college degree holders. That migration of educated workers is the norm among the southern states. The rust belt by contrast saw a net outflow of more than 400,000 residents with college degrees between 2007 and 2014. The customers are heading south too. From 1990 to 2015, population in the nine southern and gulf states grew 43 percent, to more than 76 million, and passed that of the rust belt states in the late 1990s. Population in the rust belt grew 13 percent, to 63 million, over the same period. When the Minnesota-based Polaris Industries Inc. began planning a new facility for its line of outdoor vehicles, "there was no Minnesota play," said Eric Blackwell, director of operations at the company's new factory outside Huntsville. The market for Polaris' machines, popular for farm work, hunting and sport riding, was growing in the south. Open land was available, and Alabama had programs to help recruit and train a workforce expected to rise to 1,500. FROM LAGGARD TO A RISING TIDE Globalization hit both the north and the south hard. Between 2000 and 2010 each lost about a third of their manufacturing jobs. But employment rebounded faster and more broadly in the south. Between 2000 and 2015, combined private sector employment in nine southern and gulf coast states still grew 13.5 percent. In the nine northern states total private sector jobs as of 2015 remained 1.3 percent below their 2000 level, according to federal data. The transition dates back to the 1980s, when German and Japanese automakers began investing in what has become a sprawling, regional industry. Supplier networks followed, creating even stiffer competition in an industry already changing due to passage of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) and the growth of automaking in Mexico. New industries, such as aerospace, followed. Boeing opened a new factory in Charleston, South Carolina, while decades of federal spending on space and defense programs created a pool of engineers in Alabama. A surge in energy and locally important industries like wood products added to the employment gains. Judith Adams, vice president at the Alabama State Port Authority, speeds visitors through warehouses of wood fiber products, steel ingots and other goods ready to ship abroad. The port is spending $47 million to boost its capacity to 500,000 containers a year from 300,000. The longer-term the goal is to triple that to 1.5 million. "The vessel sizes are getting bigger. The market is getting bigger. The cargo is here," Adams said. When European aircraft maker Airbus scouted sites for its $600 million North American plant more than a decade ago it settled on a former Air Force base in Mobile. As it ramps up production, local officials say 20 suppliers have already arrived in Airbus' wake, with firms like Ireland's Maas Aviation looking to put 150 people to work painting planes. "We looked at transportation costs, labor costs, productivity, and it made sense," said Allan McArtor, chief executive of Airbus Group Inc. "We will be building single aisle airplanes (in Mobile) for a long, long time." (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read World US air strike in Syria: Russia warns of 'extremely serious' consequences World Stockholm terror attack: Four dead and 15 injured in horrific truck attack World Twitter pulls lawsuit over anti-Trump account, says summons withdrawn World About 20 wedding guests dead as boat sinks in southwestern Myanmar World Malala Yousafzai to become youngest United Nations Messenger of Peace World US Senate confirms Trump's SC pick Gorsuch, three Democrats also vote for him Live Cricket Score Live SL 131/10 (18) BAN beat SL by 45 runs BAN 176/9 (20) Full Scorecard | Commentary Kings XI Punjab vs Rising Pune Supergiant Sat, 8 April 2017, 04:00 PM IST Related Cannot use free speech to defend incitement of violence: Judge to Trump Donald Trump warns US Republican lawmakers of backlash for healthcare failure Trump aide Kellyanne Conway talks of 'massacre' that never occurred to defend immigrant ban Video Watch: Adorable teen recreates 'La La Land' song sequence, asks Emma Stone to prom WATCH: Academy award-winning singer John Legend croons Gordon Ramsay's brutal insults Watch: Rakhi Sawant apologises after arrest warrant issued for her statement about Valmiki View all Tags Kentucky Mexico Free Land Judith Adams Minnesota Mississippi North Carolina Reuters South Carolina Texas Air Force Boeing Canada Charleston Chicago China Florida Georgia Indiana Ireland Louisiana Michigan Navy New York Ohio Tennessee United States White House Wisconsin Alabama State Port Authority U. S. Huntsville Midwest America Gulf Coast Asheville David Fernandes Deloitte Consulting Free Trade Agreement Georgetown Nafta President Trump Upstate New York SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Swedish police suspect arrested man was driver in truck attack Is North Korea putting nuclear-tipped bargaining chip on table UK's May heads for electoral test over Brexit and her leadership Russia says too early to accuse Syrian government over gas attack - RIA Russia says too early to accuse Syrian government over gas attack - RIA Sport Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 32 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 32 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 32 Shyam Kumar claims gold after walkover in Thailand Int'l Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 32 Entertainment Sick of the IPL taking over your TV? Here’s what you can binge-watch instead! Show review: '13 Reasons Why' - Poignant, profound and prurient story Mark Hamill, Carrie Fisher to be named a Disney Legend Awards are encouragement but can't dictate films we make:Chopra Bijou Phillips recovering after successful kidney transplant Money In New York Comex trade, gold for June contract rose Sensex fails to maintain 30K level on fag-end selling pressure Looking back at the market action in this week, the Among the major indices, S&P BSE Realty rose by 5.28 H-1B Visa: US federal agency says application limit of 65,000 reached Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US South, not just Mexico, stands in way of Rust Belt jobs revival By Reuters Published: 01:01 EDT, 7 April 2017 | Updated: 09:51 EDT, 7 April 2017 e-mail By Howard Schneider MOBILE, Ala., April 7 (Reuters) - In the years since the 2008 financial crisis, this southern U.S. port city has attracted a new Airbus factory, seen its steel industry retool, and gained thousands of jobs building the Navy's new combat vessel. Some 300 miles north in Huntsville, new businesses sprout in farm fields drawn by readily available land, low taxes, flexible labor rules and improving infrastructure. As President Trump faces pressure to deliver on his promise to revive manufacturing in the northern "rust belt" states that put him in the White House, his biggest challenge may not be Mexico or China, but the southern U.S. states that form the other pillar of his political base. States like Alabama have built a presence in the global supply chain in direct competition with the country's Midwestern industrial heartland, and even if Trump coaxes jobs back to the United States they may well head south rather than north. Whether the "rust belt's" expectations are met will be central to 2018 U.S. mid-term elections and likely frame the presidential race in 2020. The southern states are reliably Republican, but the party's ability to repeat its success in Midwestern swing states, such as Michigan, Ohio and Wisconsin, may hinge on whether the Trump administration delivers on its economic promises. For a decade now, nine southern states - North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Tennessee, Kentucky, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, and Texas - together have accounted for a larger share of the U.S. economy than nine northern states that defined America as the 20th century's industrial superpower, according to a Reuters analysis of federal data. The analysis compared gross domestic product, population and other factors among northern and Midwestern states that played a key role in Trump's victory or are typically considered part of the industrial heartland, with those in the south and along the Gulf Coast that have become an emerging destination for auto and other investment. (Graphic: http://tmsnrt.rs/2nHSda5) Florida, a state whose population has boomed under an influx of retirees, many of them from the north, was excluded. FREE LAND AND DEGREES Economists and industrial site consultants say the reasons behind the trend have moved beyond lower wages and lower levels of unionization. Per capita income in the south has now almost caught up with that in the Midwest, and its skilled workforce continues to grow as college graduates move in. "Labor? Perceived advantages. Taxes? Some of these are fairly low (tax) states. Real estate? For big projects that are going to employ three, four, five thousand people, you can find free land - zero cost land," said Darin Buelow, an industrial site specialist with Deloitte Consulting. In the south, business executives and development officials interviewed by Reuters were less likely to call for new tariffs and trade deals than to worry about how any new regime may disrupt a system they have learned to work with. David Fernandes, president of Toyota Motor Manufacturing Alabama, said that of the roughly 700,000 engines the factory made last year, half went to Mexico and Canada. The facility also makes engines for cars assembled at a Toyota plant in Georgetown, Kentucky. "Anything that hinders the opportunity to provide product to a customer is what is concerning," he said. Plants in Kentucky and Indiana gave Toyota a U.S. foothold in the 1980s and 1990s, but in this century the Japanese carmaker turned to Alabama, Texas and Mississippi for expansion. Located on former cotton fields, the company's Huntsville, Alabama, plant now employs more than 1,400 people and churns out about 3,000 engines a day. Gunmaker Remington Outdoor came to Huntsville lured by $110 million in tax and other concessions. Its factory here is expected to eventually employ 2,000, and it has already begun shifting employees from elsewhere, including 100 from the town in upstate New York where the company was founded two centuries ago. Jeremy Littlejohn moved his cloud computing start-up RISC Networks from Chicago to Asheville, NC, in 2012 for the less hectic pace, but has found the location a selling point as he grew from 6 to 33 employees. Many of those new workers came from out of state, contributing to North Carolina's net annual influx of about 46,000 college degree holders. That migration of educated workers is the norm among the southern states. The rust belt by contrast saw a net outflow of more than 400,000 residents with college degrees between 2007 and 2014. The customers are heading south too. From 1990 to 2015, population in the nine southern and gulf states grew 43 percent, to more than 76 million, and passed that of the rust belt states in the late 1990s. Population in the rust belt grew 13 percent, to 63 million, over the same period. When the Minnesota-based Polaris Industries Inc. began planning a new facility for its line of outdoor vehicles, "there was no Minnesota play," said Eric Blackwell, director of operations at the company's new factory outside Huntsville. The market for Polaris' machines, popular for farm work, hunting and sport riding, was growing in the south. Open land was available, and Alabama had programs to help recruit and train a workforce expected to rise to 1,500. FROM LAGGARD TO A RISING TIDE Globalization hit both the north and the south hard. Between 2000 and 2010 each lost about a third of their manufacturing jobs. But employment rebounded faster and more broadly in the south. Between 2000 and 2015, combined private sector employment in nine southern and gulf coast states still grew 13.5 percent. In the nine northern states total private sector jobs as of 2015 remained 1.3 percent below their 2000 level, according to federal data. The transition dates back to the 1980s, when German and Japanese automakers began investing in what has become a sprawling, regional industry. Supplier networks followed, creating even stiffer competition in an industry already changing due to passage of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) and the growth of automaking in Mexico. New industries, such as aerospace, followed. Boeing opened a new factory in Charleston, South Carolina, while decades of federal spending on space and defense programs created a pool of engineers in Alabama. A surge in energy and locally important industries like wood products added to the employment gains. Judith Adams, vice president at the Alabama State Port Authority, speeds visitors through warehouses of wood fiber products, steel ingots and other goods ready to ship abroad. The port is spending $47 million to boost its capacity to 500,000 containers a year from 300,000. The longer-term the goal is to triple that to 1.5 million. "The vessel sizes are getting bigger. The market is getting bigger. The cargo is here," Adams said. When European aircraft maker Airbus scouted sites for its $600 million North American plant more than a decade ago it settled on a former Air Force base in Mobile. As it ramps up production, local officials say 20 suppliers have already arrived in Airbus' wake, with firms like Ireland's Maas Aviation looking to put 150 people to work painting planes. "We looked at transportation costs, labor costs, productivity, and it made sense," said Allan McArtor, chief executive of Airbus Group Inc. "We will be building single aisle airplanes (in Mobile) for a long, long time." (Reporting by Howard Schneider; Additional reporting by Jonathan Spicer in Cleveland; Editing by David Chance and Tomasz Janowski) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Dear neighbours... sorry about the building work, here's £45,000 (and a Hoover) Yours, the Clooneys: George and Amal offer compensation for noise caused by renovations  'I had a midlife crisis at 28': Freida Pinto tells why her relationship with Slumdog Millionaire co-star Dev Patel hit the rocks in 2014 Existential crisis 'She had a black eye and bruising everywhere, but made the X Factor final': Sharon Osbourne speaks out on the abuse Mel B suffered Bringing the glam! Amber Heard and Cara Delevingne cut sophisticated figures as they lead the stars at benefit gala in LA Mama June shocks by dropping into Sugar Bear's wedding after massive weight loss effort in dramatic From Not to Hot finale Wardrobe Confidential: Former model, TV presenter and mum of one Jodie Kidd talks about her wardrobe staples  SPONSORED 'Barbados soon!' Busty Rhian Sugden puts on an eye-popping display as she squeezes her VERY ample curves into a hot pink bikini for selfie Setting pulses racing Get shorty! Ariel Winter ditches her bra as she grabs sushi in tiny hot pants and a belly-baring halterneck They're in paradise! Sleepy Hollow star Lyndie Greenwood shows off bikini body during romantic getaway to Los Cabos with beau Ben Jamieson 'Didn't think she looked surprised!' Maria Fowler accuses pregnant Danielle Lloyd of staging her Loose Women baby scan... after clinic claims it scanned the model a WEEK ago Date night! Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley shows off her growing baby bump in LBD after dinner with fiance Jason Statham 'New hair, who dis?' Zoe Kravitz debuts brand new pixie cut on Instagram after chopping off all her hair She's a knockout! Brooke Burke shows off svelte abs as she squares up to a punch bag Sail away with me! Billie Lourd and Taylor Lautner soak up some more sun in St Barts as they PDA-filled vacation continues From the spa to the slopes? Lena Dunham emerges from a holistic health session in a ski-themed sweater Making the beach her runway! Cindy Crawford wows in white and mint bikini while frolicking in St. Barts 'Just plug your thing and get out!' Jimmy Barnes has a HILARIOUS Today Show interview as his son and host David Campbell asks him to LEAVE Muscleman! Tyson Beckford shows off sculpted abs as he goes shirtless to begin residency with The Chippendales in Las Vegas Cindy Crawford's model daughter Kaia Gerber sports lilac bikini as she enjoys a dip in St Barts Carrie Fisher's brother confirms Princess Leia WILL appear in Star Wars Episode IX... which will be released three years after her death That's how she does it! Kelly Bensimon shows how she gets her ageless bikini bod as she packs a punch  'It brought her to tears': 'Emotional Cheryl touched' after Ashley Cole wished her and Liam Payne 'only happiness' following the birth of their first child All glammed up! Kate Ritchie turns heads in an elegant black lace dress and gold leaf tiara at the Championships race day Bear on tour! Stephen enjoys a night out in Sydney with a bevvy of mystery females... but moans that girlfriend Charlotte Crosby isn't there as she stays in New Zealand SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Do ya think I'm needy? Penny Lancaster reassures Rod Stewart he's still got it at 72 with a public show of affection Birds of a feather! Gabrielle Union dons vibrant canary yellow parachute pants and avian-inspired embroidered coat for night out with husband Dwyane Wade 'It just flew by': Rachael Finch reveals she danced for TWO HOURS in workout clip just weeks after giving birth to son Dominic Hot couple alert! Jai Courtney and girlfriend Mecki Dent show off their flawless good looks and impeccable style at Championships race day Guardian of the gal-waxy! Zoe Saldana unveils her waxwork at Madame Tussauds in Hollywood 'Be authentic and quite personal' Social media influencer Cartia Mallan reveals the one thing she wouldn't do on Instagram 'I've been pregnant forever': Lauren Brant reveals 'daily naps and baths' keep her from turning into the Grinch as she eagerly awaits birth of first child with partner Barry Hall Crowning glory! Model Amy Pejkovic wows in revealing white lace ensemble as she attends Championships race day at Royal Randwick Red hot! Anna Heinrich flaunts cleavage in figure-hugging frock as she makes a bold arrival at Championships race day 'This is not the parent I want to be': Natalie Bassingthwaighte reveals the 'difficult' impact I'm A Celeb had on her family What jacket? No white in sight for Amber Sherlock as she leads the fashion pack at The Championships race day My Kitchen Rules' Betty Banks flaunts trim figure in tight long-sleeve beige dress... after being caught taking a selfie while driving Soldiering on! Jesinta Campbell battles fatigue with eye masks in makeup free video before sharing glamorous selfie 'I respect the way she's dealt with everything': Simon Cowell reveals Mel B is 'under pressure but in a good place'... in light of nasty split from ex Stephen Belafonte Making a splash! Courteney Cox, 52, looks sensational in black bikini as she hits the waves in the Bahamas Nothing to hide Popping out! Kim Kardashian embraces her dark side as she flashes side boob in busty black bodysuit and sweat pants teamed with snake skin boots Love's young dream: Carrie Fisher's daughter Billie Lourd and Taylor Lautner enjoy kisses in the sea on romantic getaway to St Barts  Romantic getaway Pippa Middleton steps out in a jumper and skinny jeans just a day after Kate opted for a near identical outfit as the countdown begins to her wedding day A shoe-in for best dressed? Footwear designer Terry Biviano STUNS in a see-through Zimmerman gown as she plants a kiss on Anthony Minichiello at Championships Race Day The A-Z of Pippa's big day: Carole's the party planner. Naughty Uncle Gary IS invited, but Harry's Meghan WON'T be there. And don't mention the best man's six-in-a-bed orgies! It's murder on the racecourse! Sophie Ellis-Bextor wows in thigh-skimming romper as she puts on an energetic performance at Aintree Ladies Day Still smiling! Olly Murs attends German award show just days after revealing he is heartbroken after split with ex Francesca Thomas She rocks! Megan Fox dons ripped jeans and large crystal for shopping jaunt in Malibu Howe about that! Playboy Bunny Carla displays her eye-popping cleavage as she goes braless in flimsy white top Little to imagination 'We've promised that none of our kids will date!' Gordon Ramsay reflects on close friendship with David Beckham and insists their children will never be romantically involved Ravishing in red! Presenter Teigan Nash opts for a bold ensemble as she arrives at Championships race day A whole new you! Renee Zellweger is almost  unrecognizable as she ditches the blonde for brunette in Same Kind Of Different As Me teaser 'Happy Friday!' Geri Horner, 44, shows off her trim tummy just TWO MONTHS after giving birth to baby Monty as she kicks off her weekend with video 'She's is pretty cut up about it and hoped they would last the distance': Stephanie Waring and Michael Greco 'split over his party boy lifestyle' after six months 'Well damn... I'm a dad!' The X Factor star Kieran Alleyne, 21, announces he is a father after ex-girlfriend Sophie Johnson gives birth to a baby boy PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Pregnant Binky Felstead bares her bump in a bikini as she and beau JP go for romantic boat ride during sun-kissed Mauritius babymoon The party continues! 'Peru Two' drugs mule Michaella McCollum soaks up the sun in Ibiza as she celebrates the first anniversary of her prison release In his element! X-Factor winner Isaiah Firebrace wows the audience with his vocal prowess at Sydney's ICC ahead of Eurovision contest Mel B sports seasonal floral print midi-dress as she step out in Hollywood... after 'court order' barring estranged Stephen Belafonte from releasing sex tapes It's about to get a whole lot dirtier! Mel B claims her husband made her join in threesomes and got the nanny pregnant... but now he's set to hit back  'They mutually agreed to call it quits': Love Island's Cara De La Hoyde and Nathan Massey 'SPLIT after rows over silly things'... weeks after lashing out at break-up claims Olivia Munn and Aaron Rodgers 'SPLIT after three years'... amid claims actress was at the centre of sportsman's family feud  Hot to trot! Blonde Bombshell Mecki Dent turns heads in a strapless black gown at Championships Race Day  Soapwatch: Jaci Stephen's ultimate insight into this week's soaps   There is always something sad about soapland deaths 'Mom and dad coparenting': Kourtney Kardashian insists she's NOT back with Scott Disick after Hawaii trip as she gets lunch with Kim and Khloe Bondage on the beach! Charlotte Dawson oozes sex appeal in short clingy dress and saucy thigh-high buckle boots for night out Titillating display Cheat day! Khloe Kardashian flashes her bra in sheer top as she digs into 200 calorie frozen yogurt cone after dieting down to 128lbs Cutting the fat 'She's the other half of my soul': Adam Rickitt reveals he knew his wife Katy was 'the one' after their first meeting... as he discusses battle with chronic spine condition 'Have I made mistakes? Certainly': Caitlyn Jenner admits regrets in new Diane Sawyer interview... after admitting the Kardashians have frozen her out Bella Thorne flaunts her bikini body on Instagram for World Health Day... after claiming she was depressed Hides her face 'Morning Angel!' Phoebe Burgess shows off adorable wide-eyed shot of daughter Poppy, as the tiny tot appears shocked by her weekend wake-up Alesha Dixon 'set to receive seven-figure windfall after Mis-Teeq royalties were not paid for over ten years'... after she hints girlband could reunite 'I react VERY differently now': Julie Snook reveals 'jacketgate' saga with Amber Sherlock would have taken a turn for the worse Pining for Summer? I'm A Celebrity's Tegan Martin flaunts her ample assets and slender pins in a series of raunchy outfits Travel buddies! Katherine Heigl shares sweet snap of her smiling baby boy while waiting to board flight to LA Five-hour delay  SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Is shutting down her lifestyle blog a sign Meghan Markle is preparing for a wedding?  'It's a huge worry for her': Chanelle Hayes left 'concerned' after doctors say diabetes risk could lead to complications during her pregnancy Kicking up a stink! Chloe Sims' trip to the farm during TOWIE filming ends in disaster as she accidentally falls in SHEEP POO Baa-d experience Fit for office! Meet the hunky personal trainer who is pushing Theresa May to the limit in the gym (but are YOU tough enough to try out the PM's workout?) The apple of their eye! Claire Danes and husband Hugh Dancy hold hands with son Cyrus during nature hike The family were spotted enjoying the weather New Game Of Thrones costumes for highly anticipated seventh season revealed HBO promo debuts the cast's outfits for upcoming series Mama June reveals daughter Honey Boo Boo, 11, has dropped 7lbs as family join in reality star's weight loss effort Family effort Comfort first! Rihanna makes fashion faux pas wearing SOCKS and sandals at LAX after Japan trip Unusual combo George Shelley is dropped from Capital FM's Breakfast Show... after quitting Union J to focus on his broadcasting and acting career Glow on the go! Kate Bosworth looks radiant complexion as she touches down after cross country flight Fresh faced Sexy Cindy! Crawford, 51, poses TOPLESS on the beach while modeling 'mom jeans' after flaunting her bikini body in St Barts Siren by the sea 'B**** don't kill my vibe!' TOWIE's Yazmin Oukhellou appears to take a swipe at Danielle Armstrong following shock brawl over James Lock 'Time to say goodbye': Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle announces she is shutting down her lifestyle blog, as her romance blossoms Patsy Kensit is 'in talks with bosses about joining Celebs Go Dating'... after 'turning to Tinder to find love' Hunt for her dream man Indecent exposure! Bella Hadid flashes naked hips as she pulls down sweatpants to reveal SHEER bodysuit in move that leaves fans gawking Nautical and nice! Age-defying Elizabeth Hurley, 51, sizzles as she flaunts her busty assets and enviably toned midriff in TINY string bikini Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful in leopard-print dress as she joins Jasmine Tookes and Olivia Palermo at fragrance luncheon 'It's ANOTHER messy boy!': Pregnant Danielle Lloyd discovers the sex of her fourth baby live on TV... as she vows to keep trying until she has a girl In the Wright lane! Jessica catches the eye in thigh-skimming ruffled minidress as she joins forces with bus company to launch fashion campaign Gerard Butler sports unkempt beard and cable knit jumper as he continues shooting new film Keeper in Scotland Far from Hollywood  Mother's little helper! Jodi Gordon shares sweet moment where three-year-old daughter Aleeia helps zip up her lacy frock Frill-ing! Nadia Fairfax cuts a quirky figure in ruffled black-and-white ensemble at Championships race day... complete with pirate hat This is 33! Mandy Moore celebrates her birthday early with boyfriend Taylor Goldsmith and pals at Disneyland Happiest Place On Earth Beach bum! Jacqui Ritchie gives a cheeky flash of her derriere in VERY skimpy swimsuit as she documents her idyllic family holiday on Instagram  Bad hair day! Ashlee Simpson is nearly unrecognizable with wild blonde locks after a workout in LA Frizz-tastic Make-up free Cat Deeley shows off her natural beauty as she departs from LAX airport in denim ensemble... following 'bitter dispute with waiter' No wonder A-Rod loves her! Jennifer Lopez, 47, wows as she flashes ample cleavage in plunging semi-sheer gown for glam shoot Silver and sequins Bling it on! Kanye West is launching a jewellery line... and his wife Kim Kardashian has been modelling the chunky gold pieces for months Husband of many talents Lily James and Matt Smith put on stylish display as they enjoy a drink in the sun during day out in London Their romance appears to be as strong as ever The incredible shrinking man! Jonah Hill shows off major weight loss as he grabs lunch in LA with gal pal  Slim and trim as he ventured out for a bite Big Little Frappe! Reese Witherspoon grabs iced coffee after sweating it out at yoga The 41-year-old filled up with a big cream topped beverage Fun in the sun! Kevin Hart treats wife and two kids to island vacation after wrapping film, The Untouchables Muscular abs on display  Hotting up! Sofia Vergara covers up in just a bedsheet as she films racy scene with co-star Karl Urban for new movie Bent in Italy Showing her soft side Going on a beer run! Makeup-free Anne Hathaway joins husband Adam Shulman as they pick up a pack of craft brew from LA grocery store BEL MOONEY: Even after her affairs, I can't bear to lose my glum wife   This week, advice for a man who says his wife does not love him Mel B 'has changed divorce petition to request permanent sole custody of daughter Madison' as feud with estranged husband rumbles on Orange Is The New Black's Diane Guerrero flaunts her fabulous physique in tropical swimsuit while puckering up to mystery man in Miami 'That image was taken to represent some kind of sexual misconduct': Cuba Gooding explains how playful moment with Sarah Paulson was twisted Spring break: Pink keeps her post-baby body under wraps while in Mexico as she shares a snap of four-month old Jameson Covered up 'Whoa u shady!': Chrissy Teigen responds in awe after children's character Arthur ribs 'look-alike' John Legend over his yellow top on Twitter Singer Ricky Martin has been cast as Gianni Versace's lover Antonio D'Amico in Ryan Murphy's Versace: American Crime Story Beret quirky! Rita Ora rocks mismatched striped shirt and joggers emsemble as she heads to the studio to record new music Looking focussed Pretty in pink! Jessie Habermann shows off her gorgeous gold locks as she dons an off-the-shoulder pastel number for Championships race day 'I can't wait to see him as James Bond': Oscar winning writer John Ridley lets slip Idris Elba is set for iconic 007 role Couldn't help but gush about the star's talent Trinny Woodall shows off her quirky style as she layers a white jumpsuit with a kimono and trench for night out Unique style On his best behaviour? Pop singer Boy George praised for being 'easy to work with' on The Voice Australia despite controversial past  'They ARE supportive!': Jordan Rodgers' fiancée JoJo Fletcher gushed about his family hours before outcast Aaron split from Olivia Munn Interesting timing 'A 100% successful transplant': Danny Masterson shares photo of wife Bijou Phillips with her kidney donor after life-saving surgery 'You should get her number, Mel': Former BINTM star Holly Carpenter reveals star's 'creepy' husband invited her to one of their private parties Mum's the word! Rebekah Vardy proudly displays her post-pregnancy figure as she attends charity event with baby son Finley Jaiden 'You only live once!' Stacey Solomon goes 'a little crazy' as she trades in her blonde locks for striking pastel pink mane while emerging in London Braless Claire Richards looks super svelte in extreme plunging red top as Steps release new video for comeback single Scared Of The Dark 'She's the perfect girl for me, I love her': Scotty T reveals he has ditched nights out for new girlfriend... as he SLAMS his 'rowdy' ex Francesca Toole 'She doesn't want to be outshone': Pippa 'BANS model Vogue Williams from her wedding' - even though she is dating groom James Matthews' brother Spencer Bikini-clad Joan Smalls cups her assets as she shows off her sensational figure while bathing in a Jamaican pool for swimwear campaign Hair raising! Sarah Michelle Gellar, 39, styles her tresses in eye-catching updo as she promotes new cookbook She's a new Girl! Lena Dunham twirls in vintage designer dress just like Naomi Campbell... before donning her jeans for an outing Adele's 2011 hit album 21 makes history as longest-charting album by a woman on Billboard 200... taking over Carole King's record Caroline Flack shows off her toned figure in thigh-skimming frilly skirt and plunging top as she displays her killer dance moves in stunning new shoot Pregnant Danielle Bux cradles her growing baby bump upon her return to LA... after moving back in with ex-husband Gary Lineker during visit to the UK Exes Iggy Azalea and Nick Young list Tarzana mansion for $3.6M... after rapper reveals she now lives in a 'regular' house Short-lived engagement  'Is he actually tipsy?' This Morning viewers tease Eamonn Holmes as he mistakes Adam Rickitt for Joe Swash... after sipping gin and tonic live on air 'He stuck with me!' Meghan Trainor reveals she couldn't talk for three months after vocal surgery... so her boyfriend Daryl Sabara learnt sign language Khan't do any wrong! Chloe showcases her ample assets in sizzling bronzed bikini as she enjoys relaxing Maldives break Just Khan't get enough 'If she's not going to listen to me, then she's not going to listen to anyone': Sophie Kasaei vents over cousin Marnie holidaying with love rat ex Lewis Bloor Crop of the morning! Scout Willis shows off her taut waist in sports bra and shorts after hitting the gym Left it all on show after her workout Melania Trump and Peng Liyuan are interviewed by student journalists and pupils sing about empowering women as they bond during visit to school  'I'm a happily married man!': Alec Baldwin clarifies when she said he fell in love with Tina Fey he meant he fell in love with her 'talent' Riding on! Alec Baldwin's son Rafael is in the driving seat as the two head out for coffee with mom Hilaria... after the actor's epic row with over sex scene 'Thanks for greatest proposal ever!': Emma Stone responds to teen's La La Land inspired prom request, adding he resembles her co-star Ryan Gosling Rosie And Her Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat: Pregnant Huntington-Whiteley covers growing bump with statement jacket as she heads to a meeting Kylie Jenner slashes price of luxury 'starter home' by ANOTHER $300k to $3.3m The reality star can't shift her five bedroom property Newly-single Kylie Jenner 'in the midst of a love triangle as two rappers vie for her attention'... following split from long-term beau Tyga Family tradition! Jessa, Jill and Jinger Duggar reveal the nostalgic thing they did to their wedding dresses to remind them of their mother Stephen Bear LICKS Charlotte Crosby while frolicking in the pool as the duo pack on the PDA during romantic trip to the Dominican Republic Not exactly shy Is a healthy MIND the key to a toned body? Khloe Kardashian's Revenge Body trainer reveals her tips to get in shape (and it's all down to mental wellbeing!) TOWIE's Yazmin Oukhellou defiantly steps out with boyfriend James Lock... following her 'explosive row with his ex Danielle Armstrong in a club' EXCLUSIVE 'I feel like I already have a child': Steph Pratt on why she won't be following her pregnant MIC co-star Binky into motherhood anytime soon Little Minx! Jade Thirlwall 'forgets to wear a bra' as she jokingly draws attention to her assets while sporting a cheekily designed t-shirt Abreast of the joke BREAKING NEWS: Bafta-winning actor Tim Pigott-Smith, star of stage and screen for 45 years, dies aged 70  Starred in 1984's The Jewel in the Crown 'Can we watch something else?': Adam Sandler, 50, admits daughters don't like his movies Sadie and Sunny 'tune out' watching his films Paquin a punch: True Blood's Anna goes completely naked to romp with Downton star Allen Leech in Canadian drama Bellevue Major change of role Jenna Jameson shares first picture of newborn baby girl after welcoming third child at 42... and reveals her VERY unusual name WATCH: Amanda Holden and Simon Cowell put their balancing skills to the test in hilarious Dog Yoga act on upcoming series of BGT Painting the town red! Freida Pinto dazzles in scarlet trouser suit and sexy lace cami as she promotes new TV series Guerrilla in London Brooklyn Beckham debuts new moustache as he heads to dinner in mismatched shoes... amid backlash over 'meaningless' Native American tattoo Auditioning for Baywatch? Heidi Klum models very sexy red bikini as she races through the ocean with her daughter Lou in Turks And Caicos SPOILER ALERT: Coronation Street takes a dramatic turn as Nick Tilsley gets stuck in QUICK SAND during trip to the beach Troubled waters That's what makes her Happy: Fearne Cotton is a delight in ditzy floral denim dungarees... after praising husband Jesse for his support during dark times 'You have completed us, baby girl': Rochelle Humes shares sweet collage celebrating daughter Valentina being one month old Lastest addition 'I hated THAT diet, it was torture': Action star Jai Courtney reveals how he stays buff in Hollywood including his strict diet for Terminator Genisys Mystery solved? Megan McKenna's former beau Harry Eden 'unveiled as the ex she cheated on Pete Wicks with'... as she claims she was 'faithful' Fascinating archive of photos reveals a who's who of UK entertainers in the 70s - including Kenny Everett, Marc Bolan and a young David Attenborough  Barbara Windsor, 79, cuts an incredibly youthful figure as she enjoys a beach day in Barbados with her husband Scott Mitchell, 53 Gigi Hadid makes low-key appearance in Paris as she ditches her usual catwalk glam for a casual pair of mom jeans and biker boots Keeping it casual EXCLUSIVE: Housewives Sheree Whitfield, Jill Zarin and Joanna Krupa to star in new SITCOM portraying washed up reality TV stars Kim Kardashian's famous sex tape with Ray J has netted '$100million since its release TEN years ago' Homemade tape made her a star Willing and Abel? Leggy Selena Gomez attempts to keep a  low profile as she and The Weeknd slip out of Hollywood hotspot on romantic date night  PICTURED: German nanny Lorraine Gilles emerges following Mel B's explosive claim that she fell pregnant during affair with estranged Stephen Belafonte EXCLUSIVE 'I didn't set foot in a gym until I was 38': Melanie Sykes on her fitness transformation and why she'll NEVER give up bacon and biscuits What's going on here? Bella Hadid spotted exiting a car with Australian model Jordan Barrett... after unfollowing ex The Weeknd on Instagram 'It would be disastrous not to do anything!' Alesha Dixon insists there WILL be a Mis-Teeq reunion when the time is right So-so-so Scandalous 'You could have heard a pin drop': Emmerdale's John Middleton and Charlotte Bellamy discuss heartbreaking Ashley Thomas death scene Here comes the hotstepper: Kate Upton shows off a series of bizarre moves as she competes against Jimmy Fallon in hilarious dance-off 'Why do they call you My Cocaine?' Michael Caine reveals he was once thought to be a drug dealer thanks to Cockney pronunciation of his own name Crete expectations: TOWIE's Frankie Essex continues to flaunt her incredible two stone weight loss in plunging yellow and pink swimsuit  'You big bald baby!': Mel B rows with Stephen Belafonte and breaks down in counselling as clips from their reality show resurface amid abuse allegations Mel B dresses to impress as she makes her second  appearance since winning a restraining order against estranged Stephen Belafonte Don't start believin! Steve Perry will NOT perform with former band Journey at Rock And Roll Hall Of Fame induction 'There is nothing more fun than playing ridiculous comedic villains': Smurfs actor Rainn Wilson reveals what it's like to be the bad guy  Game Of Thrones' Nathalie Emmanuel teams animal print top with asymmetric mini skirt as she heads to Jimmy Kimmel show  Long way from Hollyoaks 'No wonder she was on cocaine!': Paul O'Grady quips good friend Cilla Black must have taken drugs to host Blind Date... as he blunders on show reboot A vision in white! Sam Faiers flaunts her ample assets in perilously plunging figure-hugging dress for her fashion launch Yummy mummy Victoria Beckham reveals how much she relies on husband David when she's working... as she credits 'insecure' Spice Girl days for her fashion empire 'Boys' night out': David Beckham enjoys dinner date with sons Romeo and Cruz as they dine out in style in LA Focusing on family since email furore TOWIE's Chloe Lewis wears gingham trousers to attend fashion pool party... after confessing to steamy smooch with Kate Wright's ex Dan Edgar Holland Taylor, 74, looks youthful in sporty gear as she legs it around town without partner Sarah Paulson  She's celebrating 50 years in showbiz  Harry Styles reveals he would be 'honoured' to be godfather to Liam Payne and Cheryl's newborn son... but admits he has 'a lot of competition' Jersey Shore star Mike 'The Situation' Sorrentino hit with tax evasion charge that could send him to prison while awaiting trial for not reporting $8.9m in earnings Iskra Lawrence flaunts her enviable curves in a demure floral jumpsuit for the DVF Awards in New York Usually seen in scantily-clad Instagrams Lara Bingle flashes her cleavage and svelte post-pregnancy figure in sultry photo shoot for Harper's Bazaar as she reveals her second son is called Racer Poppy Delevingne offers a glimpse of cleavage as she goes braless in a plunging cream jacket at star-studded Chanel dinner in LA  'Not long till I get to dance like I'm at a school disco with this one': Little Mix star Jesy Nelson posts video of her and new beau Chris Clark swaying to Drake Purple reign! Beaming Princess Beatrice wears a bold mini dress to take to the stage in New York  Owned the stage like a true royal Charlotte McKinney shows off her ample cleavage in a low-cut top and high-rise jeans as she stops off at a petrol station She's a real gas I'll be there for you! Courteney Cox hugs her daughter Coco as they return to LA from Florida break... following the youngster's music video debut 'I'd prefer to have sex than die': Ed Sheeran confirms he is not killed off during 'five minute' role on GOT... after filming surprise cameo for fan Maisie Williams Flirty Sofia Vergara indulges in some very sexy dance moves with handsome producer Andrea Iervolino as she displays her curves in a very busty lace dress Geordie Shore's Kyle Christie splurges £9,000 on a BEARD transplant which took 12 hours to complete... as he continues to combat 'insecurity' issues Splish splash! Cindy Crawford's daughter Kaia Gerber and her father Rande swim in the surf during family vacation to St Barts Non-stop fun in the sun She's got great jeans! Khloe Kardashian parades bodacious behind in black tracksuit on way to her Good American denim warehouse Leg-endary! Kim Kardashian praises fan who got her and husband Kanye West's names tattooed on each thigh Tatts-too much! MC Harvey's girlfriend Montana Manning flaunts her sensational figure in a skimpy blue bikini as they enjoy a romantic beach break Checkered history Mum knows best! Heartbroken Megan McKenna is comforted by mother Tanya as they head for dinner in Essex Newly single  The colour purple! Jennifer Hudson draws stares as she flaunts wares in tight dress at Sandy Wexler premiere Looked sensational in the eye-catching frock David Beckham adds to his huge tattoo collection as he shares photo of his new shin inking... a week after watching son Brooklyn, 18, get his first design Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
