Continue to site >> Action Alerts PLUS Access AAP Jim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017 Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Real Money Access RM 25 Rules of Investing Jim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Cramer Mad Money ETFs Futures Markets Much More Banks Biotech Retail Tech Personal Finance Retirement Financial Advisor Center How to Spend Options Fixed Income Video DJIA NASDAQ S&P 500 Market Data updated Sign In Your Membership(s) Your Account Account Preferences Alerts Newsletters Subscribe Logout Subscribe Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you. Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Income Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club Compare All United Will Put a Boeing 787-9 to Work on World's Third-Longest Flight: LAX-Singapore Ted Reed Jun 1, 2017 10:40 AM EDT On June 1, 2016, United (UAL) began non-stop San Francisco-Singapore service, then the longest Boeing 787 flight in the world as well as the longest scheduled flight by any U.S. carrier. The flight seems to have gone well -- well enough that United said it will add another, even longer Boeing (BA) 787-9 flight to Singapore, this time from Los Angeles. Service will begin Oct. 27, pending government approval. At 8,700 miles, Los Angeles-Singapore would become the third-longest flight in the world as well as the longest U.S. origination flight and the longest Boeing 787 flight. "San Francisco-Singapore has done extremely well and there has been a chorus of passengers within the L.A. basin asking for non-stop service to Singapore," said Patrick Quayle, United vice president of international network. The demand is primarily from business passengers bound for Singapore, Quayle said, adding, "Singapore is a great global economic powerhouse in Southeast Asia." Passengers who want to fly beyond Singapore can board flights on Singapore Airlines, which like United is a Star Alliance member. On the San Francisco-Singapore route, about 70% of the traffic originates in the U.S., which is unsurprising since Singapore Airlines also operates between the two cities, utilizing an Airbus A350. Currently, according to OAG, the world's three-longest flights are Qatar's 9,026-mile Doha-Auckland flight aboard a Boeing 777; Emirates' 8,819-mile Dubai-Auckland flight aboard an Airbus A380 and Qantas' 8,576-mile Sydney-Dallas flight, also aboard an A380. Fourth is San Francisco-Singapore, which is 8,435 miles. (United has the mileage at 8,446, differing by 11 miles from the OAS measurement). The Boeing 787-9 has the longest range among Boeing's 787 family. At 8,700 statute miles, Los Angeles-Singapore is at the top end of the range, Quayle said. United will operate the aircraft with 252 seats in two classes. The first 787-9 flew its first commercial flight for ANA in August 2014. Prev 0 of 2 Next If you liked this article you might like Why Banning Laptops on 4,300 Daily Flights May Do Nothing for Security While laptops appear to have received a reprieve from being banned on U.S. flights, a prohibition would not increase security in the cabin of airplanes. Ellen Chang Jun 1, 2017 9:00 PM EDT Video Surfaces of United Flight Engine Failure The plane was said to have had a problem with its engine and was escorted to a gate by the Chicago Fire Department shortly after landing at O'Hare International Airport. Giovanni Bruno Jun 1, 2017 11:42 AM EDT Putting Laptops in Airplane Cargo Holds Is Ridiculous but Almost No One Will Say So The widely discussed move to ban carried-on laptop computers would result in stacking hundreds of the devices in baggage holds, where a lithium-ion battery fire could be devastating. Ted Reed May 31, 2017 10:30 AM EDT Trending 22 Large Retailers Besides J.C. Penney Are Closing Waves of Stores U.S. Stock Futures Tumble After London Terrorist Attack 10 Cool Features We'll Likely See on the $1,000 Apple iPhone FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal Sense8, The Get Down and 5 Other Canceled Netflix Originals Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech ETFs Futures Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Skip to content Menu Local News Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Boeing & Aerospace Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Boeing & Aerospace Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Boeing & Aerospace Log In Subscribe Traffic alert Here’s your Sunday roundup of the region’s biggest traffic headaches. Boeing & Aerospace Business Lufthansa weighs slowing deliveries of 777X, which would be blow to Boeing Originally published June 1, 2017 at 4:30 pm Updated June 1, 2017 at 5:08 pm Lufthansa aircraft are parked in Frankfurt, Germany, in this 2014 file photo. (Michael Probst/The Associated Press) The German airline is concerned about the cost and size of the big Boeing 777X as the aviation industry shifts to smaller, more nimble planes. Share story By Richard Weiss and Julie Johnsson Bloomberg News Germany’s Lufthansa is considering stretching out deliveries of Boeing’s new 777X aircraft, concerned about the cost and size of the big jet as the aviation industry shifts to smaller, more nimble planes. A decision on the new timeline is “urgent” and could be reached by September, according to an internal video presentation by Lufthansa Chief Executive Officer Carsten Spohr. The airline may take additional Airbus A350 planes, which carry fewer passengers than the 400-seat Boeing jet. “I’m not sure if we’ve really ordered enough A350s and possibly too many 777Xs,” Spohr said at a staff meeting, a replay of which was seen by Bloomberg. “We must now think about either stretching the 777X in a deal with Boeing to let them come in more slowly, or increasing profitability to finance our overdue fleet investments.” The move would be a blow to Boeing, which signed up Lufthansa as a launch customer for the 777X. The jet maker has a backlog for the model worth about $125 billion at list prices, with orders concentrated among airlines that have hit market turbulence recently. Most Read Stories In Seattle, is it now taboo to be friends with a Republican? | Danny Westneat ‘There’s going to be a lot of dead gangsters’: Inside King County’s surging gang war Telemarketers, debt collectors fight to bypass ringtone on cellphones Garfield teacher pepper-sprayed by Seattle police to receive $100,000 settlement  WATCH Police: Bottles, bricks thrown at officers near Portland rally; counter-protest shut down; at least 14 arrestedUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. Carriers in the Persian Gulf, where low oil prices are damping economies and sapping demand for travel, account for more than three-quarters of the 306 orders. Deliveries for the 777X — a new version of Boeing’s existing 777 aircraft that will be the industry’s largest-ever twin-engine jetliner — are due to start in 2020. Lufthansa spokesman Andreas Bartels said reviewing the order book is daily business for any airline and that the company won’t comment on internal discussions. Demand for big twin-aisle aircraft has weakened since Lufthansa placed an order for the Boeing model in 2013, under Spohr’s predecessor. Cheaper fuel and an industrywide glut of smaller, relatively young widebody planes have upended the economics that had favored larger models for long-range flying. Any deferrals or cancellations would add to concerns about the future of the 777, Boeing’s second-largest source of profit. The company is slowing production of current versions as it encounters weaker sales and prepares to build test planes for the next-generation variant, Boeing’s most expensive commercial plane. Boeing spokesman Daniel Mosely declined to comment on potential talks with Lufthansa. The airline, which has its main hubs in Frankfurt and Munich, is grappling with a shifting aviation market that may have made parts of its orders for 205 aircraft out of step with current trends. Carriers like Norwegian Air Shuttle are ramping up cut-rate trans-Atlantic services using long-range narrow-bodies or fuel-efficient aircraft like Boeing’s twin-aisle 787 Dreamliner. Based on list prices, Lufthansa’s order book translates into average spending of 3.9 billion euros ($4.4 billion) a year through 2025. That compares with a budget of about 2.5 billion euros in annual capital expenditure. The $408.8 million 777X would eat up almost all of that, but remains necessary to replace older four-engine aircraft, the CEO said. Spohr’s message, delivered in March, may also have been intended to motivate Lufthansa managers to cut costs. He argued that meager profitability has caused the airline to underinvest in its fleet for two decades. The German carrier’s aircraft were 11.3 years old on average last year, compared with 5.25 years at Dubai-based Emirates airline and 5.5 years at Dublin-based discount carrier Ryanair. The aging fleet has left Lufthansa with the highest fuel expenses of any airline in Europe, as it operates almost 100 four-engine gas guzzlers. That includes the largest global fleet of Airbus A340s, a model that has long been out of production. While Lufthansa has 20 777Xs on firm order plus another 14 options, according to Boeing’s order book, it has just 25 A350s due for delivery. The Airbus plane, which seats 293 people and costs about $100 million less, is interesting for long-haul routes frequented by fewer passengers, reducing the need to bundle traffic at large hubs. These capabilities could make long-haul services from Düsseldorf, Hamburg and Berlin viable for Lufthansa’s Eurowings budget subsidiary, Spohr said. Lufthansa has also indicated that it may lease a larger proportion of its fleet and buy more used models to curb expenditures. The carrier said last month that it will replace most of the long-haul planes flown by its Belgian arm and opt for used aircraft. “Generally speaking, there for sure will be good deals in the coming years,” Spohr said in the video. “Airbus and Boeing have sold far too many aircraft to the Gulf.” Richard Weiss Julie Johnsson Next Story Trump faces tough task unwinding Obama’s Cuba policy Previous Story JetBlue, Delta will test biometric boarding passes Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Your Morning Brief will arrive every weekday morning. Back to the story
Arrow-right Camera Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather Search E-edition Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Obits Opinion Classifieds Search Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service News Spokane Washington Idaho Nation World Business Health Marijuana WA Government ID Government Sports Outdoors Gonzaga basketball WSU football EWU basketball EWU football Gonzaga women High school sports Seattle Mariners Seattle Seahawks Seattle Sounders Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire Spokane Indians UW basketball UW football Vandals basketball Vandals football Whitworth WSU football Arts and Entertainment A&E Art Books Beer/Drinks Cooking Dining Entertainment Dorothy Dean Features Food Home and garden Home Movies Music Pop culture Seven Stage The Slice Travel Voices Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Know Spokane data.spokesman.com Photos Reader Photos Blogs Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Spokane Jobs Spokane Autos Public Records Brides Births Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Advertising inserts Close Wash. Idaho Business Health Marijuana Nation World Photos Business Boeing puts 737 up against small business jets for $6.9B defense contract UPDATED: Thu., June 1, 2017, 5:31 p.m. A conceptual rendering of the aircraft proposed by Lockheed Martin for the Pentagon’s JSTARS aircraft. (Seattle Times) By Dominic Gates Seattle Times Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS SEATTLE – For a vital aircraft that will fly above distant battlefields, the Air Force will choose between Goliath and two Davids. One is a jet originally designed to carry around 135 passengers, the two others built to carry fewer than 20 people. With a $6.9 billion deal on the line, a militarized version of Boeing’s 737 jet is going up against the Gulfstream G550 and the Bombardier Global 6000 high-end business jets for a special-mission contract to be awarded as early as this fall. The 17 JSTARS jets at issue will be stuffed with high-tech military radar and computer-analysis equipment. The planes are heavily used in combat zones for surveillance of ground forces and to target enemy positions. The current JSTARS fleet is now active in strikes on the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria. Chicago-based Boeing, which has a big presence in the Seattle region, hopes a JSTARS win could incline the Air Force to choose the 737 to replace more than 100 different types of special-mission aircraft in its inventory – contracts that are lucrative far beyond the mere number of 737s involved. But the competition from Georgia-based Gulfstream and Canada’s Bombardier is formidable. For special missions, air forces around the world are increasingly selecting business jets that fly higher, faster and further than airliners. The Air Force initially chose the Gulfstream for a separate electronic-jamming plane code-named Compass Call, although Boeing in May formally challenged that process. Fred Smith, director of global sales and marketing at Boeing Military Aircraft, dismisses the business jets as “a great solution for countries with smaller air forces and navies.” As for the U.S., he said, “for a bigger mission, you need a bigger airplane.” In a conference room inside Boeing’s former Space Center in Kent, Washington, now a hive of different defense programs, a reporter donned a virtual-reality visor to take a look at a mock-up of the jet maker’s 737 JSTARS contender. JSTARS – Joint Surveillance Target Attack Radar System – is an Air Force-Army system revolving around a massive, long-range radar that monitors what’s happening on the ground in a battle zone. A virtual mock-up shows the radar hidden in a canoe-shaped bump about 20 feet long under the jet’s fuselage. Operators at 10 stations toward the rear of the aircraft would monitor large computer screens, analyzing the radar data and communicating with U.S. forces. Aft of the stations, large metal cabinets housed the computer servers and other equipment. Forward of them was a robust printer and a “mission table,” with a tabletop computer display screen of the battle zone. At the front of the cabin, immediately behind the flight deck, was a crew rest area for long-endurance missions and extra seats. Then Smith showed off a Boeing marketing trick, designed to impress upon the Air Force why size matters. With a click of a button, an arc of light sliced through the virtual cabin, superimposing upon Boeing’s mock-up another cabin wall that cut off half the computer stations. “That’s the G550 fuselage,” Smith said. The Gulfstream jet is proposed by a team led by defense firm Northrop Grumman and L3 Technologies, a leading integrator of military electronics. L3 is the lead system integrator role on the Compass Call contract and is set to choose the aircraft for that program – Boeing’s protest of the contracting process centers on L3’s close collaboration with Gulfstream. L3 integrated the intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance mission systems on G550s sold to Australia, Israel and Singapore and for other special-mission models sold to Japan and Germany. Northrop is the prime contractor on the current JSTARS fleet. First deployed in combat during the first Iraq war in 1991, those jets are all converted 707 airliners – now with an average age of 48 years and ripe for replacement with something more efficient. Alan Metzger, Northrop’s vice president for surveillance and targeting systems, said in an interview that though the Air Force needed a 707-size jet to house all the equipment when the original JSTARS contract was awarded in 1985, a smaller business jet is appropriate today because the technology has all been miniaturized. “I don’t understand why you need a 135-passenger aircraft to carry around 10 Air Force operators,” Metzger said. Northrop bought a G550 and outfitted it with the current JSTARS mission equipment to demonstrate not only that the jet was big enough and met all requirements but that it had sufficient margin for any anticipated future growth. The key advantage of the business-jet solution is performance, he said. The G550 will fly hundreds of miles farther than a 737 and burn less fuel. It’s so much lighter it can take off from a shorter runway, giving it access to almost twice as many bases around the world, Metzger said. And the G550’s standard flight ceiling is 51,000 feet, compared with 41,000 feet for the 737. That matters when you are beaming radar down into a mountainous region such as, say, Afghanistan. At lower altitudes, a mountain peak up ahead may be in the way. As the plane flies higher, it has a direct line of sight into more of the landscape below. “You’ll see less if you have to look through rock, instead of over it,” Metzger said. The third JSTARS contender, offering the Bombardier business jet as the platform, is a team led by defense giant Lockheed Martin, partnered with electronics and mission-systems integrator Raytheon. Raytheon is separately bidding against Northrop to provide the high-tech radar equipment on the JSTARS plane and all three contenders are ready to offer whichever radar system wins. The Bombardier Global 6000 is larger than the G550, both longer and with a wider cabin, yet still about half the weight of the smallest 737. The U.S. Air Force uses a Global 6000 for its E-11 special-mission jet, which is an airborne node for relaying battlefield communications. And the Bombardier jet too has won a series of foreign military orders, said Stephane Villeneuve, Bombardier’s vice president of specialized aircraft. It’s the platform for the U.K.’s Sentinel reconnaissance fleet, AWACS aircraft for the United Arab Emirates, intelligence-gathering aircraft for India and maritime-patrol aircraft for Israel. “In the international market, people are going to a business jet for all the missions we are describing here,” Villeneuve said. That trend threatens Boeing’s hope of extending its line of modified commercial jets for the military by replacing all the U.S. Air Force special-mission aircraft with 737-based models. The Gulfstream and Bombardier jets each cost just over $60 million at list prices, some $20 million cheaper than the Boeing 737 model on offer. And they do burn a lot less fuel than the big jet. Nevertheless, one of Boeing’s major arguments is that the Air Force will save money on a fleet of 737s because maintenance and operational costs are so much lower. There are more than 9,000 of its 737s in service around the world, Boeing argues, with spare parts available anywhere in the world within 24 hours and with a tremendous reliability record that minimizes downtime. Smith compares the Air Force’s options to someone looking to repair a Ford truck rather than a fancy sports car. “There’s a maintenance shop on every corner,” he said. “It’s extremely cost-competitive.” He cited U.S. Defense Department data showing that when maintenance costs are included, the total operational cost of a 737 used to ferry around top military brass is about half that of a G550-based Air Force jet used for the same purpose. Rod Meranda, Boeing’s sales and marketing lead for the JSTARS program, contends that the Air Force also takes on less risk if it goes with Boeing. For example, he said, neither the G550 nor the Global 6000 has ever been fitted with an in-flight refueling capability – a JSTARS requirement. “There’s a lot of risk taking a small airplane, cutting a hole in it and putting in in-flight refueling,” said Meranda. “How much will it take to test that, something that’s never been done before?” Boeing by contrast has already installed in-flight refueling on its 737-based fleet of P-8 Poseidon anti-submarine jets. The Air Force plans to weigh the cost, risk and performance of the three proposals on offer and choose the JSTARS replacement by year end. If Boeing were to win, the necessary military modifications to the airframe would likely be done during final assembly on the Renton, Washington, production line – perhaps even on the same dedicated military line now churning out the P-8s. Where Boeing would then install the mission equipment, the radar and all the computers, is unclear. Still, for Renton, a Boeing JSTARS win would be significant and worth more than just 17 airplanes. It would indicate a high likelihood of further special-mission aircraft contracts later. First though, Goliath has to beat the Davids. Updated: June 1, 2017, 5:31 p.m.  Tags: 737, aircraft, Air Force, Boeing, Bombardier, Gulfstream, jets, JSTARS jets Click here to comment on this story » Most read stories Suspect in Portland stabbings built life around hate speech … Man arrested in connection with fatal stabbing of woman near Airway Heights … Overpass planned for Bigelow Gulch, Forker roads … Black fly outbreak across Spokane brings itchy, bleeding misery … Kurtis Robinson, ex-con who found a higher path, to lead Spokane NAACP … ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Masthead Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science     Money Video Travel Columnists Money Home Markets Saving & banking Investing Bills Cars Holidays Cards & loans Pensions Mortgages & home Experts Buy-to-let My Profile Logout Login Feedback HomeTop Share show ad Three decades on from the infamous confrontation that scarred Britain: How the Yorkshire region around Orgreave has reinvented itself By Ruth Sunderland for the Daily Mail Published: 17:39 EDT, 1 June 2017 | Updated: 04:20 EDT, 2 June 2017 e-mail 9 shares 42 View comments Thirty-three years ago this month, on June 18, 1984, the day dawned hot and stifling in Orgreave. By the time the sun had gone down that evening, a pitched battle had taken place in the South Yorkshire village that changed the course of British history. Hundreds of striking miners, from all over the country, faced a force of more than 4,000 police, including mounted officers, dogs and several special riot units. The violence that day shocked the nation. What happened, and where blame lies, is still the subject of bitter dispute. Bitter dispute: Miners clash with police in 1984 But no-one, certainly not miners’ leader Arthur Scargill, nor even the late former prime minister Margaret Thatcher could have predicted what would happen to the Orgreave area itself. Three decades on, the scene of one of the worst episodes of our industrial history has been turned into a crucible of 21st century advanced manufacturing. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Tata strikes a deal to pay £550m to save British Steel... DIRECTOR'S DEALS:  Chris Grigg, 57, chief exec, British Land... Traders warn pound could crash to $1.20 if Labour wins... Owner claims more than 1.7m homebuyers visit Zoopla, uSwitch... Share this article Share South Yorkshire in its heyday was at the leading edge of industry, famous for its coalfields and for Sheffield steel. By the grim 1980s, however, it seemed as though its glory days were gone. Now, in an extraordinary reinvention, the site of the old Orgreave works is a magnet for innovative companies. Scores of PhDs wander round where the pitmen used to tread. The Orgreave coking plant is long demolished. In its place is an advanced manufacturing park on around 100 acres near Sheffield and Rotherham. Technology developed at the park is being used in Formula One cars and craft such as the new Boeing 787 Dreamliner There are more than 40 companies on the site along with Sheffield University’s Advanced Manufacturing Research Centre, a collaboration with Boeing. The US aircraft maker announced this year it will open its first European factory in Sheffield to make actuators, which move the flaps on plane wings. Auto-maker McLaren is another big name presence. It is moving the production of the carbon fibre chassis of its supercars to a £50m factory. Technology developed at the park is being used in Formula One cars and craft such as the new Boeing 787 Dreamliner. Nearby, 4,000 new homes are being built, with around 700 finished. They will house the employees. One of the firms breathing new life into the area is Metalysis. It opened a new £10m ‘materials discovery centre’ in the spring, where it is working on commercialising the production of titanium powder to be used in 3D printing for car and plane parts. ‘This site is Europe’s biggest manufacturing centre of gravity,’ says chief executive Dr Dion Vaughan. Big names: Auto-maker McLaren is moving the production of carbon fibre chassis of its supercars to a £50m factory The company, which was initially a spin-out from Cambridge University, secured £20m of investment last year, including a chunk from legendary fund manager Neil Woodford, and plans to employ at least 100 people. ‘This is not a deprived area, but what is missing is skilled jobs,’ says Vaughan. One Metalysis worker says stories of the Eighties live on: ‘Dozens of local cabbies must have regaled me with their memories of that time, sadly, but there’s a lot of optimism about the future of this site among those who recall those dreadful scenes.’ Companies like Metalysis are helping regenerate an area that used to lead the world in manufacturing, says Lord Prior of Brampton, a former senior executive at British Steel and now under-secretary of state at the department of business. ‘The Bessemer process came out of Sheffield, stainless steel came out of Sheffield, yet by the mid-1980s we had demonstrably lost it,’ he says. ‘Now we have the chance for a renaissance.’ The research going on here will play a big part in how Britain fares in what’s known as the Fourth Industrial Revolution or 4IR. The first was powered by coal and steam, the second by electricity, and the third was digital. The fourth will be about converging technologies, such as the Internet of Things, for instance fridges that can order milk for you. The hope is that the UK can outflank our rivals in 4IR by sheer intellect and better inventions. At 34, Chris Read, the Labour leader of nearby Rotherham council, is too young to remember the miners’ strike – but he says his generation was deeply affected. He says: ‘When I was a kid, there was always the thought in the back of your mind that if you wanted a good job you would have to go somewhere else. It doesn’t have to be like that. ‘People from outside are moving here now – there are fantastic jobs being created here.’ The number of highly skilled people in South Yorkshire will increase if it can attract more firms like Rolls-Royce, whose £110m advanced fan blade casting facility employs 180 people. It can make more than 100,000 turbine blades for jet engines in a year. Douglas Caster, chairman of Metalysis, believes the companies here show that British manufacturing can rise from the ashes. ‘This is a stark contrast to the unforgettable scenes which took place over the hill from here in 1984,’ he says. ‘I hope the growth and the future prosperity at this site will be a fitting tribute for those who remember it quite differently 33 years ago.’   Share or comment on this article e-mail 9 shares Most watched Money videos Rolls Royce exhibition will showcase 'The Great Eight Phantoms' Investing Show: Can the FTSE 250 continue its strong run? Rolls-Royce showcases its bespoke capabilities in stylish car The exciting launch film for Mini Remastered by David Brown BMW's Peter Varadi on the technology used for its self-drive car Jeremy Corbyn 'never set out to be Prime Minister' Investing Show: Will shares go off the boil or keep rising? BMW self-drive car could allow motorists to sleep at the wheel BMW's advanced self-drive car uses pedestrian trackers Investing Show: Should you invest in India? Time to invest in Europe? It's not fixed, warns Tom Becket Investing Show: How are UK companies doing? SUNDAY NEWSPAPER SHARE TIPS: Lloyds, Aviva, Auto Trader Investors ready to revolt on the fattest cat's pay: Sir... Investors call for Tesco to halt Booker takeover claiming... Heathrow proposes plan to build bridges over the M25 to... TRADER TIPS: City insiders say buy Surgical Innovations... Sir Philip Green ropes in the consultants as profits fall... Volvo designing self-driving rubbish truck that follows... DAILY BRIEFING: Ocado signs deal to provide software and... 'This man is utterly useless': Lord Sugar gives his... How to cut your water bills - including this shower tip... Battered by Brexit: Hospitality chiefs warn of 'perfect... MIDAS SHARE TIPS: With bad old days behind it, Lloyds is... I was charged a £99 fee for a club I didn’t know I... My mum left her estate to me and my brother but her... SUNDAY NEWSPAPER SHARE TIPS: Lloyds, Aviva, Auto Trader Corbyn in No 10 'could plunge Britain into a recession'... You could be paying £5k a year too much on your mortgage:... Where to invest your cash after the election: Experts tip... MOST READ MONEY Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 42 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment Post comment to your Facebook Timeline What's This? By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Portfolio Newsletter Guides Savings rates Deals Calculators Enter search term: Search All Articles Share prices QUICK WAYS TO SAVE MONEY Credit cards Cheaper insurance Savings accounts Best mortgages Cut your energy bills Current accounts Cheapest loans £12.50 share dealing     DON'T MISS Where to invest your cash after the election Experts tip homebuilders and financials if Tories win... but investors should prepare for any outcome Main parties make their pitches to audience of small companies We report on the three main parties' short pitches to small firms My mum left her estate to me and my brother but her live-in partner of 30 years is making a claim... Britain's top property hotspots revealed Edinburgh and Croydon top the list of the most in-demand areas, according to Zoopla. The six 'please stop ripping me off' phone calls you can't afford not to make RACHEL RICKARD STRAUS. Robots, obesity, old age - whatever you want to invest in, there's now an ETF to help you... We assess their appeal.. Millennials can't rely on the state pension and need to save more and prepare to work for longer, warns IMF Should you invest in soaring cyber security stocks following the NHS ransomware attack? Property market in worst run since the financial crisis as house prices fall for third consecutive month Now you can put bitcoin in your pension UK investing giant Hargreaves Lansdown offers funds that track the cryptocurrency. How do I make sure I get my deposit back from the landlord in full? I'm leaving university and my rented flat this summer. BMW's fully automated self-driving car will be available within four years RAY MASSEY takes the first 'drive'. One in four holidaymakers is left frustrated by credit card providers zealously blocking cards Another 2% on insurance tax means average car policy premium will have jumped 14% in a year, experts warn Average policy tops £800.     DON'T MISS: PROPERTY The luxury student digs that cost £67k a year to rent! Mayfair flats come with daily cleaning - but you may still have to share with strangers  Can you guess the price of these homes for sale? Take our quiz to see how well you know property prices around the country  This hexagonal Grand Designs eco home with an 800-year-old TREE TRUNK for a staircase was built for £300K ten years ago But how much is it on the market for today?  Fancy living in the newest Trump Tower in Vancouver? The luxury $2.2million apartment has doubled in price since being bought 'off-plan' by an investor in 2014, and it has not been lived in since it was bought Ten places your home will make you more than your job Homeowners can 'earn' up to £91k more from their properties than from going to work  A three-bed flat in Waterloo for £20m-PLUS? None of the homes have been completed, but already 60% have been sold on the luxury development next to Waterloo station The £250k home cinema that costs more than the average house And how you can recreate your own version with a more modest budget of £10k Do you live in one of the 50 best places in the UK? A pretty part of Hampshire that's steeped in history and includes a Cathedral city takes the top slot  The best home you can build on a shoestring Could this two-bed house that can be built for less than £50k be the answer to Britain's housing crisis? State-of-the-art bungalow the size of SEVEN family homes for sale at £2.75m - but you'll have to build it first The new owner must first knock down the existing 1970s bungalow Would you rather buy a studio flat in London or a 10 bedroom mansion in Wales? We take a look at what properties you can get for £1m in Britain today PROPERTY CLINIC: What can I do to stop the condensation and black mould around my windows? Here is what you can do to ensure your home is as healthy as it can be Will Britain ever wean itself off 'housing heroin'? MYRA BUTTERWORTH asks Are schemes such as Help to Buy artificially stimulating the housing market to a point of no return? What's it like to live in Brighton?) Why homes in this seaside resort are among the most sought-after (despite the unreliable commuter journey) The rise of the £20million FLAT Exclusive apartments now go for as much as luxury houses - but what do you get for your money? They do exist! The locations where you can still buy a family property in Britain for less than £50k Flushing your money down the pan? How one buyer spent £285k on HALF a converted public toilet that's now a one bed semi-detached house Owners of new flats forced to fork out £2,800 a year in property management fees One in three management companies admit to raising costs Internet stars Tanya Burr and Jim Chapman splash out £2m on lavish London home - where they film videos for their seven million fans The Grand Designs that drove their owners to despair... and are now up for sale Homes featured on TV makeover show set to make a small fortune for the 'exhausted' families Could you hold the fort? Ten castles for sale in Britain now - and one thing that's not medieval is the price.... Latest reports from News 'This man is utterly useless': Lord Sugar gives his explosive verdict on Corbyn in our exclusive interview Heathrow proposes plan to build bridges over the M25 to support third runway    Fairtrade in clash with Sainsbury’s over supermarket's own ethical label Battered by Brexit: Hospitality chiefs warn of 'perfect storm' for hotels and resorts as EU workers desert Britain and labour costs soar Britain's top accountancy body warns of a shortage of financial skills in Whitehall Factories chief warns Labour would go back to 1970s with 'socialist' policies Corbyn in No 10 'could plunge Britain into a recession' as debt could jump £100bn higher Mayday for clothing retailers: Fashion stores in 'worrying downward spiral' as spring sales slump Opening Pandora's box: The Danish jewellery success story enters a new chapter with its ground-breaking £210m factory in Thailand Economy tables: GDP, interest rates, inflation history, unemployment  Britain's housebuilders send construction activity to highest level since 2015 in election boost for Tories 'Be prepared for more financial instability and global crises,' warns World Bank Pay fury at engineering giant as four fat cats share £144m pot in one of the City's biggest payouts Row over £212m bid for Faberge owner MORE HEADLINES     FREE WEEKLY NEWSLETTER ‘What the money news means for you’ Newsletter straight to your inbox QUICK SIGN-UP: Just your email required Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Menu Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate In this Feb. 17 photo, Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg talks with President Donald Trump at Charleston International Airport in North Charleston, South Carolina. (AP Photo / Susan Walsh) Aerospace blog Muilenburg: Boeing remains on track to keep boosting profits Dan Catchpole Fri Jun 2nd, 2017 3:12pm Business You must sign in or register to continue reading content. EVERETT — The cash is going to keep coming. That was Boeing CEO and Chairman Dennis Muilenburg’s key message at a Wall Street conference Thursday morning. The aerospace giant is making steady progress on pushing its profit margin to historic highs, a goal set by Muilenburg after taking over the company’s helm in 2016. The target is to hit about 15 percent operating profit by 2020 — essentially twice its average over the past 10 years. “We’re very committed to that target,” he told the audience at the Bernstein Strategic Decisions Conference in New York. Boeing expects to bring in less revenue by the end of its second quarter, which covers April, May and June. The decline is due to delaying deliveries of some new airplanes, chiefly Boeing’s KC-46, a new aerial refueling tanker for the Air Force. While tankers are rolling out of the Everett plant where they are assembled, the company does not expect to start handing over the planes to the military until late this year. Over the next few years, ramping up production of the company’s single-aisle 737 and making more of higher-priced 787s are expected to play a big role in boosting revenue and profit, Muilenburg said. Boeing will sell more and more of the its 787-9s and 787-10s, and less of the smallest Dreamliner, the 787-8. The larger -9 and -10 versions are bigger money makers for the company. The company is still testing the 787-10. The third production aircraft is already being manufactured, he said. Boeing continues talking with customers about creating a bigger version of its popular single-aisle 737 — a MAX 10 to compete with rival Airbus’ A321neo. A MAX 10 “would basically be the same size of an A321 with “about 5 percent lower operating cost per seat” due to weight savings,” Muilenburg said. If Boeing follows through on the MAX 10, it could make up as much as 25 percent of 737 sales and would first deliver to an airline probably in 2020, he said. Boeing sees an upside beyond its commercial airplanes division, which is based in Washington. Defense and satellite sales are expected to increase, Muilenburg said. The company even has seen renewed interest in the two fighter jets it produces — the F-15 and F/A-18. Just a couple years ago, many industry watchers expected the F-15 line to close in the next few years. Since then, Boeing has seen spurred interest from foreign customers that could have the F-15 line “extended in a strong way well into the next decade,” he said. And greater demand for the F/A-18 from the U.S. and allied militaries means “that line could very well be strong and healthy through the next decade,” Muilenburg said. This story has been modified to clarify the Boeing Company’s expected lowered operating costs resulting from improvements to the MAX 10. Dan Catchpole: 425-339-3454; dcatchpole@heraldnet.com; Twitter: @dcatchpole.   Most Read Neighbors worried about development next to former Everett dump EVERETT — Two groups of homeowners are asking the Snohomish County hearing… Jun 3rd, 2017 by Noah Haglund 2 charged after scuffle over stolen meat and a stab in the eye MARYSVILLE — A Snohomish woman was indignant that a grocery store manager… Jun 3rd, 2017 by Diana Hefley Anchor Pub hosts nontraditional church services once a month EVERETT — Their beliefs are traditional, but not much else. Judson and… Jun 3rd, 2017 by Rikki King Snohomish family’s roses have adorned Sorticulture for 16 years Make sure you stop to smell the roses at Sorticulture. Literally. Antique… Jun 3rd, 2017 by Sara Bruestle Woman with apparent mental illness charged with harassment LYNNWOOD — She came out of her apartment with a 9-inch kitchen… Jun 3rd, 2017 by Scott North © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site Map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Social Media
MON, JUN 05, 2017 | 13 °C Partly cloudy Full Text Archive Danger Zone: Vaccination in Hamilton schools Spec 170th anniversary Spec Auctions Readers' Choice Columns Wellness Subscription Today's Paper In Your Neighbourhood Home & Garden Newsroom Insider podcast Event listings 3DownNation Hot topics Newspaper in Education Top Employers Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news business sports what's on opinion community Living Obituaries Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs CRIME LOCAL ONTARIO CANADA WORLD BUSINESS 2 hours ago Twelve arrested in London’s night of terror; Islamic State claims attack that killed 7 British police arrested a dozen people Sunday in a widening terrorism... Latest News SEE MORE Christine Archibald identified as Canadian victim in London terror attack Spike in violent Hamilton home invasions tied to drugs Christie nearing settlement in nurse’s Ebola quarantine Business Links HamiltonBusiness.com , Young Professionals , Economic Development , Steeltown Jun 02, 2017 Stelco Decision day for 1005 is Tuesday United Steelworkers Local 1005 members weigh in on restructuring plan for... Latest Business News SEE MORE Hamilton company gets federal money for vehicle emissions technology Google’s Chrome browser to block some ads starting next year Panelists announced for LRT seminar LOCAL McMaster-university athletics End to End blog BULLDOGS - OHL Sports TV Listings TICATS - CFL SCRATCHING POST UREPORT Drew Edwards Steve Milton Teri Pecoskie Scott Radley Calendar Olympics 57 minutes ago Mississippi State ousts South Alabama from NCAAs, 7-3 Mississippi State ousts South Alabama from NCAAs, 7-3 Latest Sports News SEE MORE Louisville holds off Xavier 8-7 to win regional championship Baseball Capsules Davidson ousts UNC, wins regional in 1st NCAA Tournament Contests Hamilton Events Burlington Events Movie news+reviews Movie Listings Art Arts & Entertainment BOOKS MUSIC RESTAURANT REVIEWS Television TV LIstings Theatre Wow Celebrity 4 hours ago Art Gallery of Burlington features mid-century Canadian kitchen pottery Exhibition focuses on an especially creative period in Canadian functional... Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE Wonder Woman conquers milestone with $100.5-million debut Bill Maher apologizes for using racial slur on ‘Real Time’ Harry Styles asked to be brand ambassador for SheWee Editorial Commentary Letters Columnists Cartoons Blogs Commenting Guidelines May 31, 2017 The Spectator's view: Papal apology worth asking for Forgive us our sins. Forgive us our trespasses. Inside Opinion: Spec viewpoint and community analysis VIEW MORE OPINION Contests Spec 170 Your Stories Eye on the Area Eye on the Area Photo Submissions Newspaper in Education Commenting Guidelines Power of the Pen Community Partnerships Family Legal Matters Money Matters Top Employers Canada 150 Home and Garden Environment Jun 02, 2017 2017 Kia Optima earns highest safety marks from IIHS The 2017 Kia Optima has earned an IIHS Top Safety Pick+ award. Latest Community Stories SEE MORE Signpost Burlington CNC manufacturer celebrates 6,000th router table sale 'Ribbon of Asphalt' irresistible for drivers, cyclists, runners Wheels.ca Family & Parenting Food Health & Fitness Home and Garden Home Style Travel 4 hours ago The Big Dig at the Gage Park Tropical Greenhouse They started lining up at 7 a.m. with their tubs, pots, blue boxes and... Latest Living Stories SEE MORE A baby girl. A baffling disease. And the only way to help her is to hurt her Teach your kids about Ramadan with these books At 75, Dale Chihuly discusses struggles with mental health Announcements Autos Real Estate Rentals Eye on the Area Spectator Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Spectator Recruitment Advertising 905-526-3200 YourClassifieds.ca 63% off Photo Prints discount: 63% | value: $122.00 | You Save: $77.00 Time Remaining: 2 Days Internet access in rural eastern Ontario: Then and now Local Ads Business Listings Coupons Deals Flyers In Your Neighbourhood Readers' Choice Winners SpecStore.ca Taste of Your Neighbourhood 63% off Photo Prints discount: 63% | value: $122.00 | You Save: $77.00 Time Remaining: 2 Days How do immediate dentures work and why should you get them? Home News Canada No new fighter jet talks, say Liberals | Jun 01, 2017  |  Vote 0    0 No new fighter jet talks, say Liberals OTTAWA — Despite its trade spat with Boeing, the federal government says it isn't talking to other companies about replacing some of its aging CF-18 jet fighters. Steve MacKinnon, the parliamentary secretary for Procurement Minister Judy Foote, says the government has "suspended" talks with Boeing about its plan to purchase 18 Super Hornets. But neither is the government talking to other companies about supplying the planes, MacKinnon says. Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan has called the Super Hornet purchase an interim measure to address a shortfall in capability that is preventing Canada from meeting its NATO and Norad responsibilities. The government says it is disappointed that Boeing has petitioned the U.S. Commerce Department and the U.S. International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies for Bombardier's CSeries aircraft that it says have allowed the Canadian company to export planes at well below cost. It says that is not the action of a trusted partner in defence procurement. MacKinnon was simply using the word "suspension" as "an expression," said a spokesperson in Foote's office. On Wednesday, Sajjan slammed Boeing in a speech to defence industry representatives at a major Ottawa conference. Boeing responded Thursday by cancelling a planned press conference at the large CANSEC military trade show that was meant to highlight its contribution to the fighter jet project. "Due to the current climate, today is not the most opportune time to share this good news story," Boeing spokesman Scott Day said in a statement. "Boeing has provided reliable solutions to Canada's defence and security needs, and we respect the mutual trust we have established with the Canadian Armed Forces." The company declined further comment. By The Canadian Press | (0) Comments Join The Conversation Sign Up Login Latest News Local Spike in violent Hamilton home invasions tied to drugs Snapshot Local Hamilton police search for answers in weekend homicide Snapshot Canada Ottawa vigilant as Canada 150 birthday party looms after London attack: mayor Snapshot World Christine Archibald identified as Canadian victim in London terror attack Snapshot PHOTOS AND VIDEOS View All Photos View All Videos Local VIDEO: Battle of Stoney Creek re-enactment Local VIDEO: The Tenors preform at RBG Local CityLife: Buskers infest Dundas Local Video: Over the edge The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE Hamilton police search for answers in weekend homicide Two Hamilton residents among three charged in Peace Bridge drug bust Hamilton firefighters battle two blazes, including one at former Embassy nightclub ‘I think I dated a serial killer!’ says Saskatchewan woman who knew Elizabeth Wettlaufer Police seek missing Burlington man who made alarming text messages In Your Neighbourhood Today Legal Matters: How detailed do life insurance applications need to be in order to qualify? Question: Having just completed a detailed questionnaire to apply for Life Insurance I realize... Creating the perfect outdoor enclosure for your pooch Dogs love to be outdoors, and for those times when you can't be outside with them, let Crispline... The sandwich years: 6 money mistakes to avoid in your 40s and 50s Your career has taken off but is more demanding than ever. Your kids are growing up and your... Heavy certification comes with heavy tow truck operators from local company In the world of towing, Abrams Towing in Hamilton knows that light- and heavy-duty vehicles are in... Make summertime bugs buzz off with this planter Throughout the winter we long for warmer months. We would give anything to trade snow and ice for... Plan eases high costs of transporting a loved one home for a funeral service Dignity Memorial in Hamilton knows you can't time someone's death — and that means it can happen... Paradigm Condominiums: Innovating on all Fronts Since its launch, Paradigm Condominiums has been dedicated to innovation in Burlington,... Tax challenges to consider for the self-employed Eco Tax in Hamilton knows if you're an entrepreneur running a small business, you don't... Local towing company ensures trained operators will answer your call for assistance To be ready for any size of emergency on the road, Abrams Towing in Hamilton ensures each of its... Saving Matters: For the Full-Time Family Getting the kids ready for school in the morning is a full-time job, while you get ready to head to... What is a LIRA? Answering your questions about locked-in retirement accounts It’s hard to imagine that just a few decades ago, it was normal to get a job right out of school and... Invest in shade products now for upcoming summer sun With spring right around the corner, now’s the time to start thinking about how you’ll protect your... Ottobock’s prosthetic devices allow amputees to live life with confidence April is Limb Loss Awareness Month. As a leading manufacturer of innovative prosthetic devices,... What to look for in an HVAC provider Steve and Natalie Brogan, owners of the nearly 20-year-old A-Plus Air of Stoney Creek, believe that... Make an air plant work of art If you’ve ever wanted to reap the benefits of plants in your home, but don’t want to deal with the... OBSS Ortho-Shape Back: Jack's success story For an individual who relies entirely on a wheelchair for mobility, anything that increases comfort... Natural gas: Why it’s a home heating star A-Plus Air in Stoney Creek is an HVAC specialist with over 20 years of experience in heating and... Legal Matters: Are you truly mortgage free? Find out Question: Why is there a mortgage registered against my property when I know that I paid off my... Using a tax-free savings account versus an RRSP If you're trying to decide which is the best tax strategy for saving money that will also help... Create the perfect Easter planter For many, when Easter weekend rolls around, we are reminded that spring has arrived. The weather... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   Up to 71% off Fireworks $20 View Deal 95% off Prescription Eyeglasses $15 View Deal Up to 48% off Salt Cave Sessions $15 View Deal 58% off Chicken Strips $25 View Deal 50% off an Italian Dinner for 2 People $55 View Deal 53% off Exterior Window Cleaning $59 View Deal 50% off Indian Cuisine $10 View Deal 40% off Breaded Chicken Parmesan $27 View Deal View All Deals MORE CANADA 'Come From Away' wins at Drama Desk Awards Canadian killed in attack named Ottawa vigilant as Canada 150 birthday party looms after London attack: mayor More Canadians seeking disability benefits have denials overturned on appeal Live with Kelly and Ryan readies for Trudeau guest appearance in Niagara Falls PreviousNext Housing plan ambitious: CMHC head 'Come From Away' announces Canadian tour stops TheSpec Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Policy Advertise With Us Become a Carrier Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Contact Us Corporate Sales Eye on the Area Photo Submissions FAQ Manage My Subscription Mobile Newsletter Signup Print Editions Sitemap SpecStore.ca Staff Directory Today's Paper Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BramptonGuardian.com BrantNews.com CambridgeTimes.ca FlamboroughReview.com GuelphMercuryTribune.com HamiltonNews.com InsideHalton.com Mississauga.com NiagaraThisWeek.com NorfolkNews.ca Sachem.ca TheRecord.com Resources GoldBook.ca InsuranceHotline.com LeaseBusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Skip Navigation Jump to Main Main navigation and Meta Navigation To Home Meta Main Navigation Watch TV Content Search OpenAll Sections All SectionsClose Section Navigation Title Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary OpenAll Sections Now Reading Canada seeks tough line on Boeing jets but sends mixed message Toggle share menu Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail Jump to top Search OpenAll Sections Main Navigation Section Navigation Title Home Watch TV Compact Layout All Sections Close Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary Videos Catch-up TV TV Schedule Special Reports Singapore Parliament Weather PSI Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Play Store App Store Search Close Search Search Term Search Term Clear search input Search Canada seeks tough line on Boeing jets but sends mixed message close breaking news Advertisement Business Canada seeks tough line on Boeing jets but sends mixed message Boeing Co on Thursday scrapped an announcement about the fighter jets it hopes to sell to Canada, a day after the country's defense minister objected to the firm's behavior in a trade dispute against Canadian planemaker Bombardier Inc Boeing's logo is seen during Japan Aerospace 2016 air show in Tokyo, Japan, October 12, 2016. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon 3 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery. 01 Jun 2017 11:40PM (Updated: 02 Jun 2017 03:35AM) Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail OTTAWA: Canada, embroiled in a dispute with Boeing Corp, tried to hit out at the U.S. firm for the second day in a row on Thursday but stumbled over whether talks over a proposed jet purchase had been suspended or not. The Liberal government, angry that Boeing has launched a trade challenge against Canadian planemaker Bombardier Inc, is threatening to scrap plans to buy 18 Boeing Super Hornet fighters. Steven MacKinnon, parliamentary secretary to Public Services and Procurement Minister Judy Foote, told reporters that Boeing "is not acting like a valued partner right now so we've suspended discussions with that partner." Minutes later, Foote spokeswoman Annie Trepanier said that while government ministers were not talking to the company, "there is no formal suspension." Earlier in the day Boeing scrapped an announcement about the jets, a day after Defense Minister Harjit Sajjan objected to the firm's behavior in the dispute against Bombardier. Advertisement Advertisement The company had been due to announce which Canadian companies would benefit if the purchase went ahead. Boeing has 560 suppliers in Canada. "Due to the current climate, today is not the most opportune time to share this good news story," Boeing spokesman Scott Day said in a statement issued at an Ottawa defense show. While he did not specifically refer to the trade dispute, his comments appeared to be a reference to growing tensions between Ottawa and the firm. The Boeing saga has increased tensions between Canada and the United States in the run-up to talks on renewing the North American Free Trade Agreement. Last month, Canada said it "strongly disagrees" with the U.S. Commerce Department decision to investigate Boeing's claims that Bombardier sold planes below cost in the United States and benefited unfairly from Canadian government subsidies. Even lower-level Canadian officials were not visiting the company's stand at the Ottawa defense show, said one source familiar with the matter who did not want to be identified given the sensitivity of the situation. Sajjan on Wednesday said the firm would be a trusted military ally in decades to come, but he complained the anti-dumping petition against Bombardier was "not the behavior we expect of a trusted partner". Canada says it needs the Super Hornets as a stopgap until it can launch an open competition to replace its fleet of aging Boeing CF-18 planes. A Super Hornet deal would generate new in-service support contracts for industry in Canada's aerospace hub of Quebec, where existing CF-18s are now maintained. (Additional reporting by David Ljunggren in Ottawa; Editing by W Simon and Andrew Hay) Source: Reuters Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail More stories for you More information about Channel News Asia jump to top of page Sections Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary About Us About Channel NewsAsia Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Advertise with us Contact Sales Online Advertising TV Advertising Get the news that matters in your inbox every morning! Next try Plese enter your Email-address I consent to the use of my personal data by Mediacorp and the Mediacorp group of companies (collectively "Mediacorp") to send me marketing and advertising materials in relation to goods and services of Mediacorp and its business partners and for research and analysis SUBSCRIBE Follow our news Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Experience news with our apps Play Store App Store Copyright© Mediacorp 2017. Mediacorp Pte Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 73° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Thunderstorms early. Tonight Thunderstorms during the evening will give way to cloudy skies after midnight. Low 68F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 90%. Updated: June 4, 2017 @ 8:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close In this Tuesday, Sept. 23, 2014 photo released by the U.S. Navy, an F/A-18F Super Hornet, attached to the "Fighting Black Lions" of Strike Fighter Squadron (VFA) 213 lands aboard the aircraft carrier USS George H.W. Bush. Boeing builds the Super Hornet in St. Louis County. (AP Photo/U.S. Navy, Brian Stephens) Canada seeks tough line on Boeing Super Hornets but sends mixed message By Leah Schnurr • Reuters Jun 1, 2017 (…) In this Tuesday, Sept. 23, 2014 photo released by the U.S. Navy, an F/A-18F Super Hornet, attached to the "Fighting Black Lions" of Strike Fighter Squadron (VFA) 213 lands aboard the aircraft carrier USS George H.W. Bush. Boeing builds the Super Hornet in St. Louis County. (AP Photo/U.S. Navy, Brian Stephens) Updated at 2:35 p.m. OTTAWA • Canada, embroiled in a dispute with Boeing, tried to lash out at the U.S. aerospace giant for the second day in a row on Thursday but stumbled over whether talks over a proposed jet purchase had been suspended or not. The Liberal government, angry that Boeing has launched a trade challenge against Canadian plane maker Bombardier Inc., is threatening to scrap plans to buy 18 made-in-St. Louis F/A-18 Super Hornet fighters. Steven MacKinnon, parliamentary secretary to Public Services and Procurement Minister Judy Foote, told reporters that Boeing “is not acting like a valued partner right now so we’ve suspended discussions with that partner.” Minutes later, Foote spokeswoman Annie Trepanier said that while government ministers were not talking to the company, “there is no formal suspension.” Earlier in the day Boeing scrapped an announcement about the fighter jets, a day after Defense Minister Harjit Sajjan objected to the firm’s behavior in the dispute against Bombardier. The company had been due to announce which Canadian companies would benefit if the purchase went ahead. Boeing has 560 suppliers in Canada. “Due to the current climate, today is not the most opportune time to share this good news story,” Boeing spokesman Scott Day said in a statement issued at an Ottawa defense show. While he did not specifically refer to the trade dispute, his comments appeared to be a reference to growing tension between Ottawa and the firm. The Boeing saga has increased tension between Canada and the United States in the run-up to talks on renewing the North American Free Trade Agreement. Meet the top midsized workplaces in St. Louis Public pay: Compare government and teacher salaries for St. Louis area What's going up: Read the Building Blocks blog See how much St. Louis CEOs were paid Last month, Canada said it “strongly disagrees” with the U.S. Commerce Department decision to investigate Boeing’s claims that Bombardier sold planes below cost in the United States and benefited unfairly from Canadian government subsidies. Even lower-level Canadian officials were not visiting the company’s stand at the Ottawa defense show, said one source familiar with the matter who did not want to be identified,given the sensitivity of the situation. Sajjan on Wednesday said the firm would be a trusted military ally in decades to come, but he complained the anti-dumping petition against Bombardier was “not the behavior we expect of a trusted partner.” Canada says it needs the Super Hornets as a stopgap until it can launch an open competition to replace its fleet of aging Boeing CF-18 planes. A Super Hornet deal would generate new in-service support contracts for industry in Canada’s aerospace hub of Quebec, where existing CF-18s are now maintained. In St. Louis, the sale was one of a couple of contracts expected to keep the F/A-18 production line operating into the early 2020s. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. In this Tuesday, Sept. 23, 2014 photo released by the U.S. Navy, an F/A-18F Super Hornet, attached to the "Fighting Black Lions" of Strike Fighter Squadron (VFA) 213 lands aboard the aircraft carrier USS George H.W. Bush. Boeing builds the Super Hornet in St. Louis County. (AP Photo/U.S. Navy, Brian Stephens) Tags Firm Commerce Economics Deal Canada View (…) comments Most popular Dogtown apartments, grocery store move ahead St. Louis County home values show broad increases as North County stabilizes Study says investors could lose big if Trump administration deep-sixes 'fiduciary rule' Taxi agency trims fees, loosens rules to help St. Louis cabs compete with Uber, Lyft More than dozen St. Louis area Chipotle restaurants affected by hacking incident Follow us Business columnists David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Latest in section Lambert trying to lure European flights with help of St. Louis County Port Authority Eyes on Centene to fill void after Obamacare insurer bails on parts of Missouri St. Louis County home values show broad increases as North County stabilizes Exxon vote shows disappearing line between social and economic issues 5 tips for millennials who want to buy a house and keep their avocado toast Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Get your Father something cool! Sign up for the 6th Annual Old Newsboys charity golf tournament today! Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Celebrations Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip World Is Trudeau Scapegoating Boeing To Avoid Super Hornet Purchase? David Krayden Contributor 3:27 PM 06/01/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP Canada has upped the ante in its war of words with Boeing, the National Post reports. Defense Minister Harjit Sajjan said Wednesday that the U.S. aerospace giant is no longer a “trusted partner.” Critics say the rhetoric is just an excuse for the Liberal government to not follow-through on a multi-billion dollar buy of the F-18 Super Hornet fighter jet. Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau pledged to buy 18 plans as a stop-gap measure to replace the existing fleet of vintage CF-18 fighters originally procured by Trudeau’s father when he was prime minister in the early 1980s. Boeing’s violation of the “trusted partnership” supposedly occurred when it criticized the business practices of Montreal’s Bombardier aircraft, a company that is chronically in facing financial disaster and has received billions of dollars of federal government assistance over the decades. Boeing says Bombardier’s government subsidies enables it to sell its competing aircraft at lower prices; the U.S. Commerce Department and International Trade Commission agreed with Boeing’s accusations and has initiated an investigation into Bombardier. “It is not the behavior of a trusted partner,” Sajjan said during formal remarks at major defense trade show in Ottawa on Wednesday. He suggested that Boeing should cease and desist in its complaint because Canada must deal with “trusted trading partners.” Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland has also chimed in with criticism of Boeing bu many see the tempest as over the top. Conservative defense critic and Manitoba Member of Parliament James Bezan told The Daily Caller that the Boeing flap is just another chapter in Trudeau’s plan to do nothing about replacing the CF-18 inventory. “The Liberals’ decision to pull our CF-18s out of the fight against ISIS, their discredited sole-source fighter jet purchase, and their failure to advance important procurement projects all suggest that Justin Trudeau has a naïve view of our military and expects other countries to do the heavy lifting,” he said. Even if Canada signs the deal with Boeing, the anticipated $7 billion contract will only be a temporary fix. Trudeau has indicated that he would like to re-open the larger aircraft purchase to a bidding process, even though the successive Canadian governments, both Liberal and Conservative, had agreed to buy the F-35 joint strike fighter. Follow David on Twitter Tags: Bombardier, F-18 Super Hornet, Harjit Sajjan, Justin Trudeau, The Boeing Company Hide Comments   Show comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Emails and Notifications Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Canada seeks tough line on Boeing jets but sends mixed message By Reuters Published: 15:29 EDT, 1 June 2017 | Updated: 15:29 EDT, 1 June 2017 e-mail By Leah Schnurr OTTAWA, June 1 (Reuters) - Canada, embroiled in a dispute with Boeing Corp, tried to hit out at the U.S. firm for the second day in a row on Thursday but stumbled over whether talks over a proposed jet purchase had been suspended or not. The Liberal government, angry that Boeing has launched a trade challenge against Canadian planemaker Bombardier Inc , is threatening to scrap plans to buy 18 Boeing Super Hornet fighters. Steven MacKinnon, parliamentary secretary to Public Services and Procurement Minister Judy Foote, told reporters that Boeing "is not acting like a valued partner right now so we've suspended discussions with that partner." Minutes later, Foote spokeswoman Annie Trepanier said that while government ministers were not talking to the company, "there is no formal suspension." Earlier in the day Boeing scrapped an announcement about the jets, a day after Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan objected to the firm's behavior in the dispute against Bombardier. The company had been due to announce which Canadian companies would benefit if the purchase went ahead. Boeing has 560 suppliers in Canada. "Due to the current climate, today is not the most opportune time to share this good news story," Boeing spokesman Scott Day said in a statement issued at an Ottawa defense show. While he did not specifically refer to the trade dispute, his comments appeared to be a reference to growing tensions between Ottawa and the firm. The Boeing saga has increased tensions between Canada and the United States in the run-up to talks on renewing the North American Free Trade Agreement. Last month, Canada said it "strongly disagrees" with the U.S. Commerce Department decision to investigate Boeing's claims that Bombardier sold planes below cost in the United States and benefited unfairly from Canadian government subsidies. Even lower-level Canadian officials were not visiting the company's stand at the Ottawa defense show, said one source familiar with the matter who did not want to be identified given the sensitivity of the situation. Sajjan on Wednesday said the firm would be a trusted military ally in decades to come, but he complained the anti-dumping petition against Bombardier was "not the behavior we expect of a trusted partner". Canada says it needs the Super Hornets as a stopgap until it can launch an open competition to replace its fleet of aging Boeing CF-18 planes. A Super Hornet deal would generate new in-service support contracts for industry in Canada's aerospace hub of Quebec, where existing CF-18s are now maintained. (Additional reporting by David Ljunggren in Ottawa; Editing by W Simon and Andrew Hay) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry': Tearful Ariana Grande reveals inspirational message mother of bombing victim said to her during Manchester concert PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bradley Cooper is seen cradling his newborn daughter Lea De Seine during stroll with Irina Shayk in LA Proud parents Sugar and spice: Rhian Sugden puts on a busty display in a candy cane swimsuit on holiday in Turkey as she gets intimate with fiancé Oliver Mellor Little Mix are criticised for their 'naked' stage outfits at family-friendly One Love benefit concert Divided opinion with their racy costumes Ariana Grande sparks engagement confusion with a rock on her left hand... as she is supported by boyfriend Mac Miller onstage at One Love Manchester 'I misjudged you': Piers Morgan apologises to 'admirable' Ariana Grande and praises her 'cracking voice'... after criticising her for jetting home following attack 'That was painful': Anthea Turner's ex-husband Grant Bovey told her he 'might' have stayed if they had been able to conceive together... despite FIVE failed bouts of IVF Curves ahead! Courtney Stodden reveals her bountiful bosom as she shimmies in LBD during racy video She's an expert at posting sensual selfies  Penny Lancaster, 47, shows off her famous model figure in a thigh-skimming crochet dress as she soaks up the sun on a yacht in Cannes with Rod Stewart, 72 England ace Raheem Sterling arrives in Jamaica with the stunning model he whisked away 'while his girlfriend was left at home with their baby' Forget something? Bella Thorne wears most daring look yet as she flaunts chest by going BRALESS under sheer top while out in LA That'll get his attention Pregnant Charlotte Church shows off her mum-to-be figure in fishnets and knee-high boots as she hits the stage AGAIN in tiny pants Liam Gallagher makes surprise appearance at One Love concert in Manchester... but fans are left disappointed as brother Noel doesn't join for Oasis reunion 'Love conquers fear and love conquers hate': Katy Perry sends a poignant message as she dresses in angelic all-white at One Love Manchester concert Justin Bieber is brought to tears as emotional One Love Manchester gig cracks his tough exterior onstage Heart-wrenching 'I was out of control': Louise Thompson flaunts her fit figure... as she reveals she's quit drinking for 'zen' life after 'jumping from one relationship to the next' 'Grow up!': Kim Kardashian RIPS Caitlyn Jenner's new memoir... as Kourtney claims Bruce borrowed money from her in KUWTK teaser Khloe Kardashian jets out of LA as her basketball beau Tristan Thompson prepares for big game in Oakland Radiated glamour and celeb status 'Cut her legs off, she crawls right back to me': Tyga seemingly mocks ex Kylie Jenner in new single Playboy Something for the ex-girlfriend? 'I missed my family and friends': Michelle Keegan cuts her 30th birthday cake as she's spoiled by Our Girl cast... while Mark Wright parties in Magaluf  What a pair! Kendall Jenner and Hailey Baldwin show off their trim figures in leggings in NYC Kendall, 21, went casual, Hailey smart Coldplay's Chris Martin is brought to his knees in emotionally-charged duet of Don't Look Back In Anger with Ariana Grande at Manchester gig Braless pop star Miley Cyrus praises 'role model' Ariana Grande as she puts on a leggy performance at inspiring One Love fundraiser Joined Pharrell onstage Robbie Williams finally reunites with Take That onstage - but NOT for a song - as both acts take the stage at Ariana Grande's One Love Manchester gig Will.i.am insists he MEANT to say hello to London at One Love gig as he hits back after awkwardly mistaking Manchester for the capital twice 'As a father, this has made me truly sad': Family man David Beckham pays tribute to his 'home' Manchester as he sends video to One Love gig Fergie spends family time in LA as Black Eyed Peas rock One Love Manchester without her The group took the stage to wow the crowd Keeping the faith! Selena Gomez keeps it casual in a hoodie and cropped jeans as she attends trendy Hillsong Church NYC Put romance aside Bella Hadid slips her impressively slim figure into racy cut-out swimsuit as she smoulders in another high profile sports campaign Hollywood's most eligible single! Jennifer Garner looks lovely as she takes baked goods to church... after it's claimed Affleck is already 'dating' The First couples Ivanka and Jared and Donald and Melania turn heads in their black-tie attire as they head to the Ford's Theatre Gala hand-in-hand with Jared Putting in the work! Hot and sweaty Kaley Cuoco is red-faced as she leaves LA gym after Sunday workout session Snapped leaving a fitness facility  'Happy Sunday everybody!!' Jennifer Lopez shares Instagram snap with Alex Rodriguez and children in pool Happy families Sophie Ellis-Sex-tor! Hitmaker dresses in uncharacteristically racy negligee to perform at Mighty Hoopla festival Murder On The Dancefloor singer Making them green with envy! Cynthia Nixon, 51, cuts a chic figure in lime frock at Drama Desk Awards She wore a green and grey frock 'I'm not afraid': Ashley James heads to Might Hoopla festival in rock-chic attire... as she shares her defiance against London attack Bold display Louisa Johnson flashes her toned midriff in sporty cropped tee and TINY denim hotpants as she parties the day away at the Mighty Hoopla festival  Bra-vo: Fleur East steals show at London festival in very revealing red fishnet blouse and tartan kilt ensemble Former X Factor runner-up Holding on to her man! Makeup-free Milla Jovovich is chic in big glasses as she giggles with husband Paul W.S. Anderson Cute twosome Showing her stripes (and abs): Single Olivia Munn flaunts her impressive stomach in crop top at LAX Strutted into Los Angeles International Airport  Dirty girl! Emily Ratajkowski allows a female friend to put mud on her bare bottom during trip to hot springs while enjoying Italian vacation 'I've been crying so much today': Pregnant Erin McNaught reveals her 'overwhelming deep sadness' after the London terror attacks Overwhelming sadness Spencer Matthews enjoys a laidback weekend with friends... while his bikini-clad girlfriend Vogue Williams lives it up in Marbella Time apart Coronation Street's Brooke Vincent indulges in a cigarette and a glass of rosé as she celebrates her 25th birthday with a knees-up in Manchester Genetically blessed family! Fergie rocks all-black outfit as she and Josh Duhamel take son Axl, three, to church Out for a family day as a threesome Leggy Laura Whitmore looks festival-ready in a plunging blouse and tiny shorts at Mighty Hoopla event Dared to show off more skin Britain's got talent, but there wasn't much in the BGT final: Claudia Connell reviews last weekend's TV  Summed up Saturday night's lacklustre viewing 'First official pool day!': Katherine Heigl matches her swimsuit to her lawn umbrella as she enjoys a relaxing Sunday with husband Josh What happened to her lips? Khloe Kardashian shows off a massive pout as she stuns in Snapchat image taken in her car Plump pout Underwear-free Lindsay Lohan dazzles in a thigh-skimming gold dress as she celebrates socialite BFF Hofit Golan's birthday Commanding attention Back to the family! Scott Disick enjoys Calabasas outing with Mason and Penelope... after partying with bikini babes in Europe Reunited Dean Gaffney's, 39, girlfriend Rebekah Ward, 23, goes braless in a summer top as they head home from British Soap Awards after he teases his soap return Hoping to join her? Hailey Baldwin flaunts toned tum in an Adidas sports bra... days after gal pal Kendall Jenner is named brand ambassador 'Barn life': Kristin Cavallari slips into her Daisy Dukes as she takes her family to feed chickens in the country Three kids Camden Jaxon and Saylor She has a sizzling Ora! Rita sends the temperature soaring as she flaunts her cleavage and toned waist in skimpy bikinis for VERY saucy beachwear shoot That's a stretch! Bethenny Frankel, 46, bends over backwards while showing off fit bod in new yoga photo Real Housewives Of New York City star   Is that you, Seal? Sonia Kruger shares incredible flashback snap of the singer with dreadlocks before he shaved his head in 1994 Who's that guy? They made a pretty girl! Daughter of Eddie Murphy and Nicole looks stunning in white as she hits Women Of Excellence Awards Gala in LA 'I had so much anxiety': Kim Zolciak reveals coping with son's ferocious dog attack got to her as she takes her family on bikini vacation Pippa Middleton and James Matthews return to civilisation after three days spotting crocodiles and kangaroos at a 'luxury wild bush' resort on whirlwind honeymoon The one lesson I've learned from life: Singer Corinne Bailey Rae on why we should all help others more Grammy award-winning British singer Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy 'will watch her mother give birth to twins so she doesn't feel left out' Want their five-year-old daughter Blue Ivy there SPOILER ALERT: Jack Branning breaks down as he prepares to give up stepson Matthew to Charlie Cotton as EastEnders tease sad farewell Cleaning up his act? Freshly shaven Tiger Woods is pictured for the first time since he was arrested for DUI while 'on four prescription pills' Rugby WAG Camilla Kerslake shows off her svelte figure in a pink and cream striped jumpsuit as she joins glamorous guests at restaurant event Back to school! Katie Holmes says she's 'excited' about having enrolled in Harvard University's Business Of Entertainment program Off-duty Lily Donaldson puts her feet up as she enjoys cocktails with a mystery male companion in Portofino A low key outing A hair-raising look! Gwen Stefani steps out in bizarre cropped trench coat with tulle finish for church trip with her kids Family time Hilar-ious: Hilary Duff rocks geek chic glasses while having a laugh with a friend after brunch in New York City The 29-year-old strolled with a friend Kendall Jenner reveals a little TOO much as she goes braless in a semi-sheer corset dress while strolling through New York Attention-grabbing Legs out for The Weeknd! Selena Gomez oozes sex appeal in two clingy thigh-skimming dresses as she enjoys night out in New York Third time's a charm? Dragon's Den star Duncan Bannatyne, 68, marries fiancee Nigora Whitehorn, 38, at intimate beach ceremony in Portugal Bonding time! Ashley Benson and Shay Mitchell match in black as they enjoy girls' night out with Pretty Little Liars creator while leaving a restaurant Keeping it brief! Leggy Kendall Jenner accidentally flashes her UNDERWEAR in leafy green mini-dress at star-studded Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic Siren... with a heart! Ariel Winter models white tank top as she speaks out against testing on animals She takes time out for causes she believes in 'Take a picture while we joking': Jay Z caught faking candid photo with Kevin Hart... but comedian insists 'it came out dope as hell' Staging a photo Yellow fever! Rhian Sugden puts on an eye-popping display in a tiny canary bikini in Turkey... and jokingly poses in belly dancing outfit with fiancé Oliver Mellor The morning after the night before: Make-up free Coronation Street star Lucy Fallon looks sheepish after looking worse for wear at British Soap Awards afterparty Spanish fashion designer David Delfin dies at age 46 after battle with cancer Delfin 'was one of the most charismatic designers in Spain' The graduate! Eva Longoria receives honorary degree from Knox College... then treats herself to a Dairy Queen dessert Honorary degree They could be sisters! Reese Witherspoon glows in floral dress as she poses next to 'best friend forever' Shannon Rotenberg Bright and beautiful  Ariana Grande's brother Frankie meets fans as he arrives at Old Trafford cricket ground ahead of the star-studded benefit concert in aid of Manchester terror attack victims Love is blind! Single KUWTK star Jonathan Cheban wears statement shirt in Beverly Hills after splitting from Anat Popovsky last year Mommy and me! Minnie Driver goes makeup-free with stylish hat as she takes her son Henry shopping in Malibu Family outing New father Shayne Ward goes arm-in-arm with girlfriend Sophie Austin at British Soap Awards five months after birth of their baby New parents Jacqueline Jossa and Dan Osborne are glued to their phones inside British Soap Awards... but Catherine Tyldesley and Faye Brookes can't stop gossiping 'It's been a heartbreaking time': Coronation Street actress Catherine Tyldesley pays tribute to the Manchester bombing victims with symbolic bee clutch bag Love Island's Olivia Buckland threatens to spill out of her skimpy bikini top... as she packs on the PDA with fiancé Alex Bowen during getaway to Cape Verde Not her usual style! Nicole Kidman wears a mustard yellow sports jersey as she watches a hockey match with husband Keith Urban PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Welcome to my world! Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn enjoy their morning coffee as she takes him home to Nashville 'Missing my pink hair!': Kylie Jenner shares flashback photo with a snake... after sister Kendall possibly outed the teen as a smoker Raheem Sterling, 22, 'jetted off to Jamaica with model, 23, a day after taking teenage PC World worker back to his hotel after shisha bar date' Absolutely quacked! Guy Ritchie and Tom Hardy 'storm out of Chinese restaurant after they're denied Peking Duck dish'  Restaurant row Still going strong! Balthazar Getty poses with wife Rosetta and kids at Chrysalis Ball... as it's been nearly 10 years since Sienna Miller affair Happy anniversary! Lindsay Price and Curtis Stone beam at Chrysalis Ball as they prepare to celebrate four years of marriage Tied the knot in 2013 Eric Dane makes first public appearance after break to cope with depression as he joins wife Rebecca Gayheart and kids at Chrysalis Ball His biggest fan! Gavin Rossdale, 51, is supported by stunning new love interest Sophie Thomalla, 27, as he rocks out on stage in Las Vegas 'She has no idea how anyone got hold of them': Corrie's Kym Marsh 'upset and shocked after intimate photos were leaked online ahead of British Soap Awards triumph' 'We have spoken about it': Liam Payne, 23, reveals he and girlfriend Cheryl, 33, plan to expand family... as he admits fatherhood has 'changed' him Bust have been a good night! Scott Disick cuddles up to a topless beauty as he enjoys a raucous evening with woman number NINE during trip to London Catherine Tyldesley leads eye-popping style in sizzling slinky floor-length gown alongside Nikki Sanderson and Stephanie Waring at the British Soap Awards Pianist Tokio Myers is crowned the winner of BGT after being inspired to enter by 'big sister' Amy Winehouse... as he beats child magician Issy Simpson in final 'Deeply uncomfortable viewing': BGT viewers are outraged by child comic Ned Woodman, 9, as he savages the judges and stars in action-packed final  'Is she getting married?' BGT's Amanda Holden shocks viewers AGAIN with bridal inspired gown as Alesha Dixon puts on a VERY leggy display 'The money has gone to her head': Pirates of the Caribbean star Kaya Scodelario 'REFUSES to pay for sick grandmother in Brazil' Looking bow-tiful: Ashley James puts on a leggy display in a monochrome mini dress at the British Soap Awards after party Braless Lottie Moss shows off her model figure in a plunging floral knotted crop top and matching shorts as she lunches with her mother in Chelsea Geordie Shore star Marnie Simpson flashes her legs in a colourful minidress as she continues her book signing tour in Sheffield 'F*** them all': Alec Baldwin defends Kathy Griffin in a series of tweets and insists 'no one believes you intended to threaten Trump' 'Internet shopping like a self-pity fiend': Lena Dunham reveals how she's coping after endometriosis treatment as she's spotted in PAJAMAS Make-up free Chloe Khan shows off her plump pout as she strips off to flaunt her pert derriere during chilled out beach day in Barbados 'It's been incredible fun!' Thomas Cocquerel discusses playing the 'incredibly complex' Hollywood star Errol Flynn in new biopic Nothing but praise 'Today was a good day': Former Bachelorette Trista Sutter posts loved-up snap with husband Ryan after suffering a scary seizure in Croatia Looking good in her Blue Jeans! Lana Del Rey cuts a casual cool figure in black polo with skinny trousers while out in LA Emmerdale sweeps the board at the British Soap Awards 2017 with SIX gongs including Best Soap as EastEnders go home virtually empty handed 'I'm going home to my family': Katie Price looks shaken as she is escorted out of G-A-Y nightclub after cancelling performance in wake of London terror attack 'I don't give two ****s!' Defiant Tina Malone, 54, confirms surrogacy plans after revealing ambitions for third child... and she will CHOOSE the sex of baby Coronation star Lucy Fallon appears worse for wear following the British Soap Awards afterparty after losing out on Best Actress gong  Cher joins mourners as 'Ramblin Man' Greg Allman is laid to rest in the same cemetery he used to write songs 'She was standing there and I fell in love with her': Willie Aames reveals the incredible story of meeting his pen friend of 30 YEARS, Winnie Hung, who became his wife Richard Branson pays for hen party who were chucked off a flight because they were wearing 'B****es on tour' T-shirts to go on 'dream holiday' to Las Vegas David and Victoria Beckham are 'ripping out' their £5 million country estate... because 'the roof colours don't match' Princess Charlene exudes glamour in scarlet lipstick as she turns out to support Lycra-clad husband Prince Albert for water bike challenge in Nice Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk leave the baby at home for a low-key date night in Santa Monica Issy Simpson, eight, scolds Ant McPartlin after he gets the magician's name wrong during Britain's Got Talent final 'My marriage was a Greek tragedy': Prince Charles's astonishing hand-written letters to Nancy Reagan reveal his anguish over his split from Diana  Prince Harry tucks into a traditional iftar feast of porridge and dates with young Singaporeans to celebrate the breaking of the fast during Ramadan Girl done good! Natalie Portman 'snaps up $6.5million four bedroom Santa Barbara mansion with 10.4 acres of land and stunning views of the Pacific' Lionel Richie's bassist Ethan Farmer 'hospitalised after he repeatedly stabbed himself following a horrific reaction to marijuana-filled snacks' Giggly Keri Russell glows in a summery peplum skirt and white top as she attends Polo event with long-term partner Matthew Rhys Heavily pregnant Chelsee Healey cradles her baby bump in clingy scarlet jumpsuit as she rocks the red carpet at the British Soap Awards 2017 Sealed with a kiss! Strictly champ Ore Oduba and his wife Portia pack on PDA as they can't keep their hands off each other at the British Soap Awards  Something getting you down? Eastenders actress Jacqueline Jossa looks stony-faced at the British Soap Awards afterparty with fiancé Dan Osborne Chained to the rhythm! Katy Perry will perform at The Voice Australia grand final as she returns Down Under for Witness concert tour Live shows have begun GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Pippa's new husband breaks with posh tradition by donning a wedding ring Unlike other high-society husbands Amy Childs shows off her slender post-baby body in chic blouse and skinny jeans as she cradles newborn baby Polly on morning stroll New mum 'Men and religion are worthless': Bette Midler speaks out as stars from Ariana Grande to Khloe Kardashian support London terror attack victims 'You just proved how powerful music is': Alesha Dixon bursts into tears as the Missing People Choir leave the judges overwhelmed in Britain's Got Talent final Girls' vacation! Kourtney Kardashian opens up her photo album as she shares flashback snaps from roadtrip with Kim and Khloe 'That's the fun part!' Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles buys her grandchildren 'drum sets'... to 'get my kids back' Tearful Kym Marsh dedicates her Best Female Dramatic Performance win at the British Soap Awards 2017 to her late son Archie  'This one's for you, angel': Zoe Ball returns to Radio 2 for the first time since her lover was found dead by dedicating to him the song Do I Love You (Indeed I Do) 'You're in with a shot tonight': Simon Cowell praises MerseyGirls as they wow at BGT final... and confirms he'll fund £78,000 life-changing spine surgery for teen dancer Julia Carlile Khloe Kardashian's Good American fashion line hits back at accusations from independent designer that reality star copied her work Stunning in Soho! Selena Gomez shows off her toned stomach in a crop top and high-waisted jeans as she spends the day with friends Who is Ruairi Luke? Meet the busty Australian model who was spotted partying TOPLESS with Scott Disick and another man on a London balcony in the early hours  Stunning in silver! Halle Berry, 50, wows in sequined dress with matching jacket for the Chrysalis Butterfly Ball The diet worked! Molly Sims flaunts her svelte frame on date night after ten-week bikini after baby plan Just do it! Bella Hadid embraces a sporty look as she flaunts her midriff in Nike sports bra with coordinating bottoms Top of the crops Busted! Kendall Jenner shares photo of sister Kylie holding a cigarette while bragging about photography skills The 21-year-old stunner is enjoying life GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Lady Mary partied so hard at Noel Gallagher's epic 50th birthday party she has been bedridden ever since It was a two-day rave Who IS the murderer on the Orient Express? The line-up of suspects from the new eagerly anticipated film based on Agatha Christie's novel Coronation Street's Lucy Fallon dazzles in a plunging peach gown at Soap Awards... after leaving Corrie viewers 'heartbroken' with grooming storyline 'Brunettes have fun too!' Paris Hilton ditches her blonde locks for a brown wig as she plays dress up on Snapchat She switched up her game 'No hair, no makeup, no nothing': Jennifer Lopez, 47, looks half her age in bare-faced glimpse at her pre-show ritual Natural Shop til you drop! Sofia Vergara looks effortlessly elegant in slim floral pants as she hits the shops in Beverly Hills Broadway star Laura Bell Bundy marries longtime love Thom Hinkle in country themed nuptials at horse track Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Latest Business Technology Artificial Intelligence VR/AR Autonomous Vehicles Graphene Financial Glossary Latest Business Technology Artificial Intelligence VR/AR Autonomous Vehicles Graphene Financial Glossary Boeing spat with Canadian defence minister hurts fighter jet deal Boeing spat with Canadian defence minister hurts fighter jet deal June 1, 2017, 7:57 PM BST | Written by Christian Nordqvist | A Boeing spat with Canadian Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan led to the American airplane maker abandoning an announcement about fighter jets it was hoping to sell to Canada. Mr. Sajjan had objected to Boeing’s behaviour in a trade dispute with Bombardier Inc., a Canadian multinational aerospace and transportation company. The Financial Post quoted Scott Day, a Boeing spokesman who said at CANSEC, the Ottawa defence show: “Due to the current climate, today is not the most opportune time to share this good news story.” The F/A-18 Super Hornet is a supersonic, twin-engine, all weather multi-role jet fighter that is able to land and take off from an aircraft carrier. At just under $100 million each (flyaway cost), Boeing’s complaint may have lost it (so far) $1.8 billion’s worth of Canadian business. (F/A-18 Super Hornet webiste) On May 31st, Defence Minister Sajjan said: “Our government is disappointed in the action of one of our leading industry partners [Boeing]. We strongly disagree with the decision of the United States Commerce Department to initiate a trade remedy case in response to Boeing’s petition against Bombardier.” “As my colleague, the Minister of Foreign Affairs has indicated, Canada is reviewing our procurement involving that firm. As you all know, one of those is the exploration of an interim fleet of fighter jets.” Boeing says subsidies unfair According to Boeing, Bombardier benefits unfairly from Canadian government subsidies by selling airplanes below cost to the US. The Canadian government minister was furious regarding the claim and has cut off contacts with Boeing. Boeing had planned to announce at CANSEC which Canadian suppliers would benefit if the purchase of fighter jets went ahead. There are approximately 560 Canadian suppliers. Harjit Singh Sajjan, born in Bombeli, India in 1970, is Canada’s Minister of National Defence. Before entering politics, Sajjan was a detective investigating gangs for the Vancouver Police Department. As a regimental commander in the Canadian Armed Forces, he was decorated for his service in Afghanistan. He emigrated with his family to Canada when he was five years old. Sajjan is the first Sikh to become Minister of Defence and also the first Sikh-Canadian to command a Canadian Army reserve regiment. (Image: twitter.com/harjitsajjan) Canadian minister and lower-end officials were giving the Boeing stand at CANSEC the cold shoulder (not visiting it), according to local media reports. Canada will soon need to replace its fleet of seventy-seven aging Boeing CF-18 air force planes. It needs the eighteen Super Hornet jets as a stopgap until an open tender competition can be launched. In a press conference, Steven McKinnon, Parliamentary Secretary to Public Services Procurement Minister Judy Foote, said: “We have a capability gap, we outlined a process, our partner in that process is not acting like a valued partner right now so we’ve suspended discussions with that partner.” What is CANSEC? CANSEC is Canada’s Global Defence and Security Trade Show. It has been held once a year in Ottawa since 1998 by the Canadian Association of Defence and Security Industries (CADSI). According to CADSI: “CANSEC 2017 will once again showcase leading-edge technology, products and services for land-based, naval, aerospace and joint forces military units. This two-day event is the largest and most important defence industry event in Canada.” Video – CANSEC This CADSI video explains what CANSEC is, Canada’s Global Defence and Security Trade Show. Share this article: Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Print No part of this website or any of its contents may be reproduced, copied, or modified, without prior consent, unless otherwise indicated for stand-alone materials. About - Contact Terms and Conditions - Privacy Policy © 2017 · Market Business News. - MBN is based in East Sussex, England. Type and press Enter to search We use cookies to personalise content and ads. More info
العربية 中文 Español English Français @*@ Searchform Go Weather Victoria 14°C Vancouver 14°C Edmonton 17°C Regina 23°C Winnipeg 18°C Toronto 12°C Ottawa 13°C Montréal 15°C Québec 13°C Fredericton 11°C Halifax 7°C Charlottetown 6°C Saint-John's 4°C Whitehorse 15°C Yellowknife 11°C Iqaluit 2°C Canadian WeatherWorld Weather Home Home Highlights In depth Discovering Canada Contact us A member of the military walks past the Boeing F/A-18E Super Hornet display at the Canadian Association of Defence and Security conference in Ottawa, Wednesday May 31, 2017. Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan used a major speech Wednesday to the defence industry to blast American firm Boeing for picking a trade spat with Bombardier. Photo Credit: PC / Adrian Wyld Boeing cancels fighter jet announcement amid spat with Ottawa over Bombardier By Levon Sevunts | english@rcinet.ca Thursday 1 June, 2017 , 1 Comment ↓ Share Boeing is slamming the breaks on its plans to make a major announcement regarding the sale of 18 Super Hornet fighter jets to Canada after Ottawa took the aerospace and defence manufacturer to task over its complaint against Bombardier. Boeing spokesman Scott Day said this morning that the company is postponing its planned Interim Fighter Capability Project (IFCP) industry teaming announcement at the annual CANSEC defence industry trade show organized the Canadian Association of Defence and Security Industries (CADSI). “Boeing had planned to announce the IFCP industry partnership team today at CANSEC,” Day said. “However, due to the current climate, today is not the most opportune time to share this good news story.” Canada plays hardball Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan’s office refused to comment on the matter. “Minister Sajjan’s comments yesterday speak for themselves and we do not have anything to add,” Jordan Owens, the minister’s spokesperson, said in an email. The announcement by Boeing came after Sajjan blasted the company on Wednesday for picking a trade spat with Bombardier in a keynote address to defence industry representatives at CANSEC. Minister of National Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan speaks at the Canadian Association of Defence and Security conference in Ottawa, Wednesday May 31, 2017. © PC/Adrian Wyld Boeing has petitioned the U.S. Commerce Department and the U.S. International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies for Bombardier’s CSeries aircraft that it says have allowed the Canadian company to export planes at well below cost. In a breakfast speech to hundreds of defence contractors, including representatives of Boeing, Sajjan said Canada is disappointed by the “unfounded” action by one of its major partners in the defence industry. “We strongly disagree with the decision of the United States Commerce Department to initiate a trade remedy case in response to Boeing’s petition against Bombardier,” Sajjan said. “As my colleague, the minister of foreign affairs has indicated, Canada is reviewing our procurement involving that firm. As you all know, one of those is the exploration of an interim fleet of fighter jets.” Urgent stopgap measure? Canada had announced plans to buy 18 Super Hornet fighter jets as a stopgap measure to beef up its legacy fleet of CF-18 fighter jets – also produced by Boeing – because it didn’t have enough jets to meet its NORAD and NATO obligations, Sajjan said. A Boeing F/A-18 E/F Super Hornet flies on display during Farnborough International Air Show, Farnborough, England, Tuesday, July 15, 2014. © Sang Tan “The interim fleet procurement requires a trusted industry partner,” Sajjan said. However, Boeing is not behaving like a “trusted partner” and the government wants the company to withdraw the complaint, he said. “We are following a normal process available to U.S. companies, we’re following U.S. laws,” Day told Radio Canada International Wednesday. “Obviously this is not a done deal yet, we value the minister’s opinion and we think the Super Hornet is still a valuable fit for Canadian defences.” ‘Unwavering commitment’ Boeing’s commitment to Canada “has been, and remains, unwavering,” Day said on Thursday. The company’s operations in Canada account for 14 per cent of the country’s aerospace industry. That includes 560 companies that provide parts to Boeing commercial airplanes and 2,000 company workers in the country. “Boeing has provided reliable solutions to Canada’s defence and security needs, and we respect the mutual trust we have established with the Canadian Armed Forces through the successful execution of several key programs, including the CF-188 Hornet, CC-177 Globemaster III and CH-147 Chinook,” Day said. With files from The Canadian Press Share Tagged with: Boeing, Canada, Super Hornet Posted in Economy, International, Military, Politics Do you want to report an error or a typo? Click here! More stories « Pollution costs Canadians billions annually: report Kids and screen time: new limits recommended » @*@ Comments Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  characters available Note: By submitting your comments, you acknowledge that Radio Canada International has the right to reproduce, broadcast and publicize those comments or any part thereof in any manner whatsoever. Radio Canada International does not endorse any of the views posted. Your comments will be pre-moderated and published if they meet netiquette guidelines. Netiquette » When you express your personal opinion in an online forum, you must be as courteous as if you were speaking with someone face-to-face. Insults and personal attacks will not be tolerated. To disagree with an opinion, an idea or an event is one thing, but to show disrespect for other people is quite another. Great minds don’t always think alike—and that’s precisely what makes online dialogue so interesting and valuable. Netiquette is the set of rules of conduct governing how you should behave when communicating via the Internet. Before you post a message to a blog or forum, it’s important to read and understand these rules. Otherwise, you may be banned from posting. RCInet.ca’s online forums are not anonymous. Users must register, and give their full name and place of residence, which are displayed alongside each of their comments. RCInet.ca reserves the right not to publish comments if there is any doubt as to the identity of their author. Assuming the identity of another person with intent to mislead or cause harm is a serious infraction that may result in the offender being banned. RCInet.ca’s online forums are open to everyone, without regard to age, ethnic origin, religion, gender or sexual orientation. Comments that are defamatory, hateful, racist, xenophobic, sexist, or that disparage an ethnic origin, religious affiliation or age group will not be published. In online speak, writing in ALL CAPS is considered yelling, and may be interpreted as aggressive behaviour, which is unpleasant for the people reading. Any message containing one or more words in all caps (except for initialisms and acronyms) will be rejected, as will any message containing one or more words in bold, italic or underlined characters. Use of vulgar, obscene or objectionable language is prohibited. Forums are public places and your comments could offend some users. People who use inappropriate language will be banned. Mutual respect is essential among users. Insulting, threatening or harassing another user is prohibited. You can express your disagreement with an idea without attacking anyone. Exchanging arguments and opposing views is a key component of healthy debate, but it should not turn into a dialogue or private discussion between two users who address each other without regard for the other participants. Messages of this type will not be posted. Radio Canada International publishes contents in five languages. The language used in the forums has to be the same as the contents we publish. The usage of other languages, with the exception of some words, is forbidden. Messages that are off-topic will not be published. Making repetitive posts disrupts the flow of discussions and will not be tolerated. Adding images or any other type of file to comments is forbidden. Including hyperlinks to other websites is allowed, as long as they comply with netiquette. Radio Canada International  is in no way responsible for the content of such sites, however. Copying and pasting text written by someone else, even if you credit the author, is unacceptable if that text makes up the majority of your comment. Posting any type of advertising or call to action, in any form, to Radio Canada International  forums is prohibited. All comments and other types of content are moderated before publication. Radio Canada International  reserves the right to refuse any comment for publication. Radio Canada International  reserves the right to close a forum at any time, without notice. Radio Canada International  reserves the right to amend this code of conduct (netiquette) at any time, without notice. By participating in its online forums, you allow Radio Canada International to publish your comments on the web for an indefinite time. This also implies that these messages will be indexed by Internet search engines. Radio Canada International has no obligation to remove your messages from the web if one day you request it. We invite you to carefully consider your comments and the consequences of their posting. Name * Email * Website Current ye@r * Leave this field empty One comment on “Boeing cancels fighter jet announcement amid spat with Ottawa over Bombardier” Herry says: 1 June 2017 at 12 h 59 min You won’t read this in the Ottawa Citizen unless you like missing pages and redirects. We live in the 21st century but these useless, pathetic idiots are STILL living in the 11th century. They are proud of their own stupidity !!! Reply ﻿ Search by Category • • • AnimalsArts and EntertainmentEconomyEducationEnvironmentHealthHistoryImmigration & RefugeIndigenousInternationalLifestyleMilitaryPoliticsPress revueScience and TechnologySocietySportsUp closeWork & Labour Author • • • Carmel KilkennyEilís Quinn, Eye on the ArcticLynn DesjardinsLevon SevuntsMarie-Claude SimardMarc MontgomerySoleiman MellaliTerry Haig Listen to us The LinkListen to our weekly show All shows Subscribe to our podcast Subscribe to our podcast (iTunes) Download the latest podcast Première chaine CBC Radio one Espace musique CBC Radio 2 Your choices Highlights Additional Languages 475 ♥ Boeing cancels fighter jet announcement amid spat with Ottawa over Bombardier 371 ♥ Animal auction raises questions 321 ♥ Ontario updates labour laws, $15 minimum wage 314 ♥ Trudeau needs to press Aung Sun Suu Kyi on Rohingya ‘genocide’: expert 268 ♥ Trudeau-Macron bromance offers ‘new face of Franco-Canadian friendship’ 232 ♥ Chinese lawsuit alleges multi-million dollar Canadian immigration scam 221 ♥ Canada launches famine relief fund to avert humanitarian disaster 215 ♥ Bananas: the fight is on, but the banana we know may lose 185 ♥ Artisans craft special yarn colours for Canada’s birthday 177 ♥ CANSEC defence industry show draws protesters and politicians Immigration & Refuge, Lifestyle, SocietyThe LINK Online Sun. Jun 4, 2017Health, SocietyInvestigation finds a big hike in youth demand for mental health careThe Nova Scotia book of EverythingInternational, Military, PoliticsShould Canada return to Afghanistan?International, PoliticsTrudeau needs to press Aung Sun Suu Kyi on Rohingya 'genocide': expertInternational, SocietyChildren of imprisoned Saudi blogger make a video pleaHealth, Military, SocietyArmed forces will restrict malaria drug mefloquineHistory, International, MilitaryAlmost 100 years later, another soldier will be laid to restEnvironment, International, PoliticsCanada is disappointed by U.S. withdrawal from Paris climate deal Trudeau tells TrumpEconomy, International, PoliticsU.S. softwood lumber lobby slams Ottawa’s aid package RCI | FrançaisTam-Tam Canada - 4 juin - Comment trouver comme immigrant du travail à Montréal RCI | EspañolCanadá en las Américas Café del 4 de junio 2017 RCI | 中文周末网络广播：魁省移民沙龙圆桌访谈 العربية | RCIبلا حدود ليوم الأحد 04-06-2017 Follow us On Facebook On Twitter Subscribe to the Cybermagazine Radio-Canada.ca CBC.ca Gala Québec Cinéma : couronné, Xavier Dolan défend les films en salleLes ex-criminels ont-ils le droit à une deuxième chance?« Il l'a vue mourir entre ses bras »Un concert sous le signe de l'unité pour les victimes de ManchesterAttentat de Londres : la Canadienne a été identifiéeL'EI revendique les attaques de LondresLes autorités planifient la sécurité pour le 150e de la ConfédérationLégislatives françaises : Lescure en tête en Amérique du NordLa Défense à la recherche de militaires bannis à cause de leur homosexualitéUne délégation du PQ « sur le terrain » pour constater la pauvreté Canadian musical about 9/11 wins 3 major New York theatre awardsIs Apple building a Siri speaker? We might find out this week'He held her and watched her die in his arms': Canadian killed in London was struck on bridgeLibyan-Canadian cleric linked to Manchester bomber plans return to Canada to clear his name'It's not going to stop me': Londoners defiant in wake of terror attack'Manchester, we're gonna be all right': Ariana Grande returns for benefit show'I made it': B.C. teen becomes youngest climber to reach Canada's highest peakTrudeau condemns 'senseless' attack in London that killed 7, including B.C. woman'Enough is enough,' U.K. PM says after latest London attacks7 dead, 21 critically injured in London attack @*@ Footer Home All rights reserved @ Radio Canada International 2013 Subscriptions Cybermagazine Podcast Podcast (iTunes) RSS Feed Facebook Twitter Archives June 2012 - April 2013 2006-2012 Entraide Other sites Radio-Canada.ca Conditions d'utilisation Ombudsman CBC.ca Transparency and Accountability Ombudsman Visit our strategic partners ↑ Scroll to top ↑
Meet Boeing's new covert, flying gas station - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Golf Social Stream EVENTS Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Golf Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Meet Boeing's new covert, flying gas station Posted: Thursday, June 1, 2017 1:22 PM EDT Updated: Thursday, June 1, 2017 1:53 PM EDT Boeing is set to deliver a refueling tanker that can gas up a jet in midair in complete darkness -- the first of its kind. The first Boeing KC-46 refueling tanker is being readied for the U.S. Air Force. By Jon Ostrower SEATTLE (CNNMoney) -- Boeing is set to deliver a refueling tanker that can gas up a jet in midair in complete darkness -- the first of its kind. The U.S. Air Force is buying 179of the new KC-46 'Pegasus' tankers, which are set to begin delivery at the end of this year. The Air Force has had stealthy jets for decades, but even they have to turn on their lights when refueling in the sky. The KC-46's ability to gas up an aircraft in complete darkness is a first for any military. The new jet is part of a $44 billion program to begin replacing hundreds of the Air Force's KC-135 tankers, which have been flying since the Eisenhower Administration. Boeing showed off the new Pegasus for the first time in May, inside a hangar north of Seattle. Adapted from Boeing's twin-aisle 767, each matte gray KC-46 bristles with missile defenses, high definition cameras and infrared lights for flying under the cover of night. The military brass were skeptical that refueling in pitch black could be done at all. Boeing's chief test pilot for the Pegasus, Ron Johnson, said it took years to prove it was possible. Boeing and Air Force test pilots first used the KC-46 to perform a refueling in total darkness in December. The pilots switched off all visible lights and donned night vision goggles, and an enormous C-17 cargo plane crept up behind the KC-46. The pair linked up, and history was made. The KC-46 is designed for combat. Airmen can sprint to the jet and press a single button on its exterior to start its onboard power systems, bringing the aircraft to life. The crew ascends through a hatch underneath the jet's nose and is flying in 10 minutes. No stairs needed. A refueling boom pumps 1,200 gallons every minute to Air Force jets, enough to fill a passenger car in less than a second. Two underwing pods unfurl hoses to refuel Navy, Marine and allied jets with 400 gallons per minute. The KC-46 carries just shy of 32,000 gallons of gas. Pilots have been guiding tankers using a porthole view used for the last 60 years, but that's not so with the Pegasus. Instead, this jet has a high-tech workstation with high definition stereoscopic cameras that give a 185-degree view of everything between the wingtips. 3D glasses give the boom operator a perception of depth. The jet can operate around chemical and biological attacks and is designed to withstand the pulse of a nuclear blast. It has room for 114 troops, or 54 patients or 65,000 pounds of cargo. But the KC-46 is behind schedule and way over budget, according to the Government Accountability Office. Boeing was originally supposed to deliver the first 18 tankers by August, but that deadline has slipped and the GAO warns that additional delays are possible. Despite the cost overruns, the taypayer isn't on the hook. Boeing won the contract to develop the KC-46 at a fixed price of $4.9 billion, and is on the hook for any costs beyond that. The manufacturer has already had to write off $2 billion due to extensive changes it has to make in the 120 miles of wiring that each jet contains. Mike Gibbons, the 33-year Boeing veteran who quietly took over the KC-46 program last August, says the program is done with the expensive write offs. But Boeing and the Air Force said they're again reviewing the schedule. Still, Gibbons said in May he won't give the Air Force its jet unless it's ready. "Our number one goal is to make sure that we don't deliver aircraft until they are fully capable and they will require no [modifications] after they deliver," he said. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Meet Boeing’s new covert, flying gas station Meet Boeing’s new covert, flying gas station Posted on Thursday, June 1, 2017 by CNN in Business News Boeing is set to deliver a refueling tanker that can gas up a jet in midair in complete darkness — the first of its kind. The U.S. Air Force is buying 179of the new KC-46 ‘Pegasus’ tankers, which are set to begin delivery at the end of this year. The Air Force has had stealthy jets for decades, but even they have to turn on their lights when refueling in the sky. The KC-46’s ability to gas up an aircraft in complete darkness is a first for any military. The new jet is part of a $44 billion program to begin replacing hundreds of the Air Force’s KC-135 tankers, which have been flying since the Eisenhower Administration. Boeing showed off the new Pegasus for the first time in May, inside a hangar north of Seattle. Adapted from Boeing’s twin-aisle 767, each matte gray KC-46 bristles with missile defenses, high definition cameras and infrared lights for flying under the cover of night. The military brass were skeptical that refueling in pitch black could be done at all. Boeing’s chief test pilot for the Pegasus, Ron Johnson, said it took years to prove it was possible. Boeing and Air Force test pilots first used the KC-46 to perform a refueling in total darkness in December. The pilots switched off all visible lights and donned night vision goggles, and an enormous C-17 cargo plane crept up behind the KC-46. The pair linked up, and history was made. The KC-46 is designed for combat. Airmen can sprint to the jet and press a single button on its exterior to start its onboard power systems, bringing the aircraft to life. The crew ascends through a hatch underneath the jet’s nose and is flying in 10 minutes. No stairs needed. A refueling boom pumps 1,200 gallons every minute to Air Force jets, enough to fill a passenger car in less than a second. Two underwing pods unfurl hoses to refuel Navy, Marine and allied jets with 400 gallons per minute. The KC-46 carries just shy of 32,000 gallons of gas. Pilots have been guiding tankers using a porthole view used for the last 60 years, but that’s not so with the Pegasus. Instead, this jet has a high-tech workstation with high definition stereoscopic cameras that give a 185-degree view of everything between the wingtips. 3D glasses give the boom operator a perception of depth. The jet can operate around chemical and biological attacks and is designed to withstand the pulse of a nuclear blast. It has room for 114 troops, or 54 patients or 65,000 pounds of cargo. But the KC-46 is behind schedule and way over budget, according to the Government Accountability Office. Boeing was originally supposed to deliver the first 18 tankers by August, but that deadline has slipped and the GAO warns that additional delays are possible. Despite the cost overruns, the taypayer isn’t on the hook. Boeing won the contract to develop the KC-46 at a fixed price of $4.9 billion, and is on the hook for any costs beyond that. The manufacturer has already had to write off $2 billion due to extensive changes it has to make in the 120 miles of wiring that each jet contains. Mike Gibbons, the 33-year Boeing veteran who quietly took over the KC-46 program last August, says the program is done with the expensive write offs. But Boeing and the Air Force said they’re again reviewing the schedule. Still, Gibbons said in May he won’t give the Air Force its jet unless it’s ready. “Our number one goal is to make sure that we don’t deliver aircraft until they are fully capable and they will require no [modifications] after they deliver,” he said. Uber is losing billions: Here's why investors don't care How soon can I retire? Related Posts Author of botched Rolling Stone rape article expected to apologize Amazon in talks with Spike Lee for site’s first big movie China silences property mogul on social media after criticism of president China box office scam: Phantom screenings and fake sales Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Canada 2017 Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out CBC News Politics CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Politics Power & Politics CBC SecureDrop More doubt cast over Super Hornet sale as Liberals break contact with Boeing 'Not the most opportune time to share this good news story,' Boeing says as it cancels partners announcement By Murray Brewster, CBC News Posted: Jun 01, 2017 12:12 PM ET Last Updated: Jun 01, 2017 5:52 PM ET A member of the military walks past a Boeing F/A-18E Super Hornet display at the Canadian Association of Defence and Security conference in Ottawa, Wednesday. Boeing cancelled a planned announcement Thursday about Canada's plan to buy 18 of the jets amid a trade spat between Boeing and Canadian rival Bombardier. (Adrian Wyld/Canadian Press) Murray Brewster Defence and security Murray Brewster is senior defence writer for CBC News, based in Ottawa. He has covered the Canadian military and foreign policy from Parliament Hill for over a decade. Among other assignments, he spent a total of 15 months on the ground covering the Afghan war for The Canadian Press. Prior to that, he covered defence issues and politics for CP in Nova Scotia for 11 years and was bureau chief for Standard Broadcast News in Ottawa. Follow @Murray_Brewster on Twitter More from Murray Brewster Related Stories Defence minister calls on Boeing to withdraw trade petition against Bombardier Boeing says trade complaint against Bombardier designed to prevent larger CSeries Boeing seeks duties at hearing against Bombardier CSeries Canada opens talks on U.S. sole-source 'interim' fighter jet purchase Road map laid out for sole-sourced purchase of fighter jets The tit-for-tat trade spat between the Liberal government and Boeing over the future of the Super Hornet fighter jet purchase escalated Thursday with an acknowledgement that federal officials have been instructed to break off contact with the U.S. aerospace giant. "We have suspended discussions with Boeing and that is what we have decided," Steve MacKinnon, the parliamentary secretary for the public works minister, told reporters following a speech to defence contractors.   Last March, the federal government submitted a request to the Pentagon for a government-to-government purchase of 18 Super Hornets, on an urgent basis, to fulfil what the Liberals have claimed is a capability gap in the fighter jet fleet. As part of that request, National Defence and Public Works officials hold regular discussions with the aircraft-maker in order to iron out details and deliver the specific requirements of the Royal Canadian Air Force. It is those talks that have been suspended, according to MacKinnon. "There are lots of things we can talk to them about, but we have cut off those discussions," he said.  Sajjan blasts Boeing over trade spat with Bombardier Boeing says complaint aims to prevent larger CSeries The dispute, which had largely played out behind closed doors, spilled into the open Wednesday when Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan publicly called out Boeing in front of a room full of defence contractors over the company's commercial trade challenge involving Quebec-based Bombardier. The public rebuke prompted Boeing to scrap the planned unveiling of its Canadian industry partners for the Super Hornet program Thursday morning. The company cited the "current climate" for the decision. "It is not the most opportune time to share this good news story," said Boeing spokesman Scott Day in a statement, issued shortly before the briefing was to take place at an Ottawa defence industry trade show. Trade complaint Boeing has been engaged in a very public battle with Canada's Bombardier. The U.S. aircraft maker wants trade regulators in Washington to investigate subsidies for Bombardier's CSeries aircraft, claiming they allow the Canadian company to export planes at well below cost. On Wednesday, Sajjan called on Boeing to halt its trade complaint against Bombardier. He also upped the ante in the Liberal government's threat to cancel the planned sole-source purchase of 18 Super Hornet fighter jets by suggesting there were alternatives to the interim procurement. "The interim fleet procurement requires a trusted industry partner," Sajjan said. "Our government is of the view their action against Bombardier is unfounded. It is not the behaviour we expect of a trusted partner, and we call on Boeing to withdraw it." ​ Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan used his speech Wednesday at CANSEC to blast Boeing for its trade complaint against Quebec-based rival Bombardier. (Adrian Wyld/Canadian Press) MacKinnon kept the pressure up on Thursday. "We certainly hope they'll reconsider their recent actions, which are not friendly and not in Canada's interests," he said.  Sajjan's office refused to comment on the matter Thursday. "Minister Sajjan's comments [Wednesday] speak for themselves and we do not have anything to add," Jordan Owens, the minister's spokesperson, said in an email. Canada had announced plans to buy 18 Super Hornet fighter jets as a stopgap measure to beef up its legacy fleet of CF-18 fighter jets, which were also produced by Boeing. Sajjan said at the time Canada didn't have enough jets to meet its Norad and NATO obligations. Boeing's commitment to Canada "has been, and remains, unwavering," Day said on Thursday. The company's operations in Canada account for 14 per cent of the country's aerospace industry. That includes 560 companies that provide parts to Boeing commercial airplanes and 2,000 company workers in the country. "Boeing has provided reliable solutions to Canada's defence and security needs, and we respect the mutual trust we have established with the Canadian Armed Forces through the successful execution of several key programs, including the CF-188 Hornet, CC-177 Globemaster III and CH-147 Chinook," Day said. With files from RCI's Levon Sevunts Report Typo or Error Send Feedback Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Top News Headlines 'He held her and watched her die in his arms': Canadian killed in London was struck on bridge 'It's not going to stop me': Londoners defiant in wake of terror attack Libyan-Canadian cleric linked to Manchester bomber plans return to Canada to clear his name 'I lost everything': Regina couple says province's witness protection program failed them Canadian musical about 9/11 wins 3 major New York theatre awards Must Watch Video Opposition MPs are hammering the government over the appointment of Madeleine Meilleur as Commissioner of Official Languages 9:24 The Power Panel - Kelly Cryderman, Althia Raj, Aaron Wherry and Paul Wells dig into the whether or not it is appropriate for the government to appoint a former Ontario Liberal Cabinet Minister to a non-partisan federal position Video Key player in securing the Paris Climate Agreement says the costs of inaction on climate change are “enormous” for the U.S. 5:49 Jonathan Pershing, former U.S. Special Envoy for Climate Change, says Trump isn't looking at the facts, and he’s sorry the American Administration has chosen a different path Latest Politics News Headlines Libyan-Canadian cleric linked to Manchester bomber plans return to Canada to clear his name Liberals face pressure to crack down on crooked immigration consultants Audit slams Rideau Canal managers for shoddy contracting Pat Stogran quits NDP leadership race, slamming party for 'selfish, incompetent politics' Don't mention the Constitution: Why Quebec can't help itself Most Viewed Libyan-Canadian cleric linked to Manchester bomber plans return to Canada to clear his name Audit slams Rideau Canal managers for shoddy contracting read comments Liberals face pressure to crack down on crooked immigration consultants read comments Pat Stogran quits NDP leadership race, slamming party for 'selfish, incompetent politics' read comments Caroline Mulroney poised to plunge into Ontario politics read comments Right Communications The National Canada's destination for original journalism and stories with added depth and context. Don't Miss Analysis Trump quitting the Paris accord might not necessarily be the end of the world O Canada Conservatives trying to kill gender-neutral lyrics bill: senator Analysis Conservative MP endorsements made a difference in leadership vote Photos Justin Trudeau meets Pope Francis at the Vatican Analysis Trudeau suggests defence review will invest more in troops than weaponry UPPER CHAMBER Senate changes definition of a 'caucus,' ending Liberal, Conservative duopoly INTERACTIVE Remix Canada's latest census results to see how you fit in EMAILED DAILY Get our daily CBC Politics newsletter 'WISE OWLS' Senate issues children's book to explain role of Red Chamber HONORARY CANADIAN Read and watch Malala Yousafzai's full speech to Parliament Budget 2017 Highlights of Bill Morneau's 2nd federal budget CBC Investigates ​CBC adopts SecureDrop to allow for anonymous leaks Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / India is buying over 1,000 new planes – but can it handle them? India is buying over 1,000 new planes – but can it handle them? Posted on Thursday, June 1, 2017 by CNN in Business News India is adding airline passengers faster than any other country, and it needs more planes to carry them: 1,080 more, to be precise. To meet exploding demand, the South Asian nation is set to to buy 2.2 new airplanes for each of the 480 aircraft currently in service, according to a new report by the Centre for Asia Pacific Aviation (CAPA). The U.S. and China are the only countries to have more pending aircraft orders, the report says. Boeing, one of the biggest potential beneficiaries of the massive spending spree, is equally optimistic. The manufacturer predicts India will need 1,850 new planes over the next two decades. It values the orders at $265 billion. The U.S. firm will reportedly agree in the coming weeks to sell 100 planes to Indian carrier Jet Airways. It is also a top contender to sell another 100 to the country’s newest airline, Vistara. Boeing is locked in a battle for India’s skies with European rival Airbus, which already has contracts with several Indian carriers. “We are in constant communications with the airlines in India about their current and future fleet needs,” a Boeing spokesperson said Thursday, while declining to comment on individual deals. The buying frenzy, led by budget airlines like SpiceJet and IndiGo, is not without reason. Around 220 million Indians flew last year — an annual increase of 20% — and the country is on track to overtake the U.K. as the world’s third-largest aviation market by 2026. But the race to capture that market is a slippery slope, and CAPA warned that airlines risk biting off more than they can chew. “Unprecedented expansion will place immense pressure on the aviation system,” the report said. “The industry currently appears to be underestimating the challenges ahead.” There are several examples in India’s aviation history that serve as a cautionary tale, with Kingfisher Airlines — the defunct carrier owned by beer baron Vijay Mallya — being the most recent example. National carrier Air India is also in a precarious position, and talks of offloading it into the private sector have gathered momentum in recent weeks. Another huge challenge is a lack of infrastructure. India’s aviation boom is severely threatened by the fact that only 75 of its 400 airports are currently operational — and even the biggest hubs like Mumbai, New Delhi and Chennai are bursting at the seams. With 700 of India’s 1,080 new planes set to be delivered within the next ten years, CAPA said the country’s lack of preparedness could quickly unravel the industry. “Aircraft induction on this scale will require massive infrastructure development, skilled resources … at a pace that has not been seen before in India,” the report said. “Parking bays and runway slots will become increasingly scarce over the next few years.” — Jon Ostrower contributed to this report. New artificial intelligence system can tell if a sheep is in pain Europe says Twitter is failing to remove hate speech Related Posts Americans are saving more than spending Hulk Hogan not worried about Gawker’s appeal: ‘I made my point’ Which candidate’s campaign events need the most security? Never edit another video again Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
About US Contact US Registration Sunday June 4th, 2017 Languages English French Language German Language Italian Language Portuguese Language Spanish Language Analysis-Reportage MIL Analysis-Reportage Security-Intel-Police Security Intelligence Cyber Security Defence Economics Environment Boeing Awards Components Manufacturing Contract to Germany-based COTESA By Foreign Affairs Publisher  /  June 2, 2017  /  Comments Off on Boeing Awards Components Manufacturing Contract to Germany-based COTESA       Print       Email MIL OSI Economics – Source: Boeing Headline: Boeing Awards Components Manufacturing Contract to Germany-based COTESA BERLIN, June 1, 2017 – Boeing [NYSE: BA] has awarded Saxony-based COTESA GmbH a five-year contract to manufacture key components for the H-47 Chinook heavy-lift helicopter. This is the first Boeing contract award to COTESA. “We are committed to bringing opportunities to German companies from across the Boeing enterprise and will continue to strive to bring the best of Boeing to industry and the best of industry back into Boeing,” said Michael Hostetter, Defense, Space & Security director of Vertical Lift Programs, Germany. “As a leading production facility for specialty composite parts, COTESA’s expertise will support our efforts to enhance the Chinook helicopter and deliver top-quality, cost-effective solutions to our customers.” With this agreement, COTESA is joining Boeing’s already established supply chain in Germany, in addition to its global supply chain of more than 20,000 suppliers and partners around the globe. “The contract award to COTESA is a testament to the technology potential we see in Germany and another important milestone in our partnership with German industry,” said Sir Michael Arthur, president, Boeing Europe. “We are excited to join the Boeing supplier team. This contract award provides an opportunity for COTESA and our employees to demonstrate our expertise in high-performance composite parts,” said Jörg Hüsken, chief executive officer of COTESA. COTESA will manufacture portions of the Chinook tunnel cover section – a honeycomb-like core that makes up parts of the helicopter’s external skin – for the global Chinook fleet. “The Chinook is an industry-leading platform and a critical platform for the armed forces of 19 countries around the world,” continued Hostetter. “Its proven ability to meet mission requirements, including humanitarian and disaster-relief operations, makes it even more important for us to continuously bring the best of industry to the platform – and that’s the case with COTESA.” To date, Boeing has delivered more than 900 H-47 Chinook helicopters that are in operation in 19 countries, including eight NATO nations: Canada, Greece, Italy, Netherlands, Spain, Turkey, United Kingdom and the U.S., allowing for increased interoperability between NATO nations during joint training and deployment operations worldwide. About Boeing in Germany: Boeing has been an active partner in the German aerospace industry for decades. With 600 local employees in Germany, Boeing supports an additional 12,000 jobs through its suppliers and partners. In 2016, Boeing and its supply chain partners spent almost US$1.3 billion with nearly 100 suppliers located across Germany. Boeing invests in a growing portfolio of research and technology projects with German industry, universities and research organizations and engages in industrial partnerships with companies of all sizes across Germany that benefit the local economy. About COTESA: COTESA is a leading supplier of high-quality composite components for aerospace and automotive qualified according to EN 9100 and NADCAP Composite. The company develops and manufactures customer-specific solutions for parts and assemblies at two sites with more than 600 employees. COTESA’s focus is on complex CFRP-components as profiles, stiffeners and frames, multidimensional GFRP-sandwich structures, hybrid parts as CFRP-transmission shafts as well as the assembly of complete modules. From technology to process development, COTESA offers the highest quality in prototype as well as serial manufacturing. Being involved in multiple long-term aerospace programs sets the basis for the continuous company growth since the founding in 2002. # # # Contacts: Marcia Costley Defense, Space & Security Office: +1 310-364-8409 Mobile: +1 714-316-4267 marcia.b.costley@boeing.com Béatrice Bracklo Boeing Deutschland GmbH Office:  +49 30 77377-106 Mobile: +49 172 4125525 beatrice.bracklo@boeing.com Dr. Steffen Kress COTESA GmbH Office: + 49 3727 9985 2835 Mobile: + 49 1515 444 1202 kress@cotesa.de     Print       Email Published: 3 days ago on June 2, 2017 By: Foreign Affairs Publisher Last Modified: June 2, 2017 @ 2:15 am Filed Under: Airline Industry, Boeing, Business, Economics, English, Global Economy, MIL OSI, MIL OSI Economics, Open Source Intel, Trade NEXT ARTICLE → Unlocking the Potential of ASEAN’s Youth ← PREVIOUS ARTICLE Unlock unlimited possibilities with the new Moto Z2 Play and Moto Mods on Verizon About the author Foreign Affairs Publisher View all articles by Foreign Affairs Publisher » Recent Posts Minister McKenna launches Canadian Environment Week Press release: UK to observe a minute​​’s silence for victims of the London terrorist attack London terror attack Arrests following attacks in London Bridge and Borough Market Arrests following attacks in London Bridge and Borough Market © 2017 ForeignAffairs.co.nz. Site customised by Multimedia Investments Ltd
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds Autos Get the car you’ve always wanted Property Your ideal home is within easy reach Jobs The next step in your career Classifieds Finding, buying & selling made easy Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES AVIATION June 5, 2017 | Last updated 44 minutes ago ---- usd---- 24KGold--   Hot Topics: Ramadan 2017 War of 1967 UAE holidays Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE News Business Business Podcast Data Commodities Currencies top stories in Data Why gold fans should brace for higher prices Gold hits biggest fall since March Dubai gold prices spike, up Dh10/gram Gold Rate Sectors12 Markets9 Automotives1 Banking3 Construction Employment Features General Investment1 Media Careers Energy57 Retail1 Shipping Technology1 Telecoms Tourism top stories in Sectors F&B retail makes malls red hot these days UAE pavilion at Expo Astana ready Dana Gas to name advisers for Islamic debt Aviation3 Live Flights top stories in Aviation Iata AGM to discuss electronics ban ADAFZ grants 200th licence Barcelona moves to low-cost, long-haul flights Economy6 Property3 GN Property top stories in Property Ex-Damac Properties chief joins Saudi developer Wasl launches building cluster for hotel staff New payment plan for Anantara Money1 Dirhams and Dollars1 Visas Analysis2 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Canada’s defence minister threat to cancel Boeing deal Harjit Sajjan said Boeing’s action against Bombardier is ‘unfounded’ and not the behaviour of a ‘trusted partner’ Image Credit: Bloomberg Harjit Sajjan Published: 16:38 June 1, 2017 AP   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE TORONTO Canada’s defence minister repeated a threat Wednesday to cancel the purchase of 18 fighter jets from Boeing Co. because of the company’s trade complaint against Canadian plane maker Bombardier. Harjit Sajjan said Boeing’s action against Bombardier is “unfounded” and not the behaviour of a “trusted partner.” He said buying the Super Hornet fighter jets “requires a trusted industry partner.” Sajjan urged Boeing to withdraw the complaint in a speech. Canada’s foreign minister has also threatened to block the order. “Our government — and I stress this — our government is disappointed in the action of one of our leading industry partners,” he said. Chicago-based Boeing’s trade complaint prompted a US. Commerce Department anti-dumping investigation that could result in duties being imposed on Bombardier’s new larger CSeries passenger aircraft. Boeing insists the plane receives Canadian government subsidies that give it an advantage internationally. Canada’s threat is coming amid increasing trade disputes with the US. Scott Day, a spokesman for Boeing, noted that Sajjan also recognised Boeing as a strong partner in the past and for the future. Day defended the company’s trade action. “This is a commercial matter that Boeing is seeking to address through the normal course for resolving such issues,” Day said in an email. Boeing petitioned the US Commerce Department and the US International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies of Montreal-based Bombardier’s CSeries aircraft. Boeing says Bombardier has received more than US$3 billion in government subsidies that let it engage in “predatory pricing.” Brazil has also launched a formal complaint to the World Trade Organisation over Canadian subsidies to Bombardier. Sao Paolo-based Embraer is a fierce rival of Bombardier’s. The Quebec government invested US$1 billion in exchange for a 49.5 per cent stake in the CSeries last year. Canada’s federal government also recently provided a US$275 million loan to Bombardier, which struggled to win orders for its new medium-size plane. But Bombardier won a 75-plane order for the CSeries from US-based Delta Air Lines in 2016. Bombardier said its planes never competed with Boeing in the sale to Delta. The Canadian government said late last year it would enter into discussions on buying 18 Super Hornet jet fighters from Boeing on an interim basis and hold an open competition to buy more planes over the next five years. Canada remains part of Lockheed Martin’s F-35 Joint Strike Fighter programme. Sajjan said he would have more to say about the issue next week. More from Aviation Iata AGM to discuss electronics ban ADAFZ grants 200th licence Barcelona moves to low-cost, long-haul flights Boeing delays Norwegian’s order a second time Know the rules for taking pics on a plane Etihad Airways deploys A380 on all JFK flights Canada’s defence minister threat against Boeing Get Dubai discounts with this boarding pass tags from this storyUnited States follow this tag on MGNCanada follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessAviation tagsUnited States follow this tag on MGN+ MGNCanada follow this tag on MGN+ MGN Also In AviationIata AGM to discuss electronics ban Business Gallery Doors open to a three-day super sale Mohammad launches Marsa Al Arab project Business Videos PlayAbu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedGalleriesVideos 01Know the rules for taking pics on a plane 02Barcelona moves to low-cost, long-haul flights 03ADAFZ grants 200th licence 04Boeing delays Norwegian’s order a second time 05Iata AGM to discuss electronics ban 13Images Mohammad launches Marsa Al Arab project May 15, 2017 2Images China’s home-grown C919 passenger jet takes off May 05, 2017 15Images First ‘Silk Road’ train leaves UK for China Apr 11, 2017 8Images Dubai’s next big mall gets into project mode Mar 16, 2017 Play Abu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Nov 24, 2016 Play Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens Oct 01, 2016 Play Emirates opens SkyPharma in Dubai Sep 18, 2016 Play Britain is open for business Sep 20, 2016 Explore the UAE Find the right airport Currency Converter first-currency currencyAEDDinarRupee= first-currency currencyINRDinarRupee Most Popular on Gulf News Woman killed minutes before ending fast UK PM says enough is enough after attack Woman arrested for stealing Dh11 million Over 50,000 private sector firms fined Palm residents caught in beach dispute Double tragedy as son, mum die days apart Shah Rukh Khan slams Ramez after prank In Pictures: London Bridge terror attack ‘Forests’ under bridges to beautify Dubai Close Recommended For You Israel came close to using nukes in ’67 warPUBLISHED ON Jun 05, 2017 Putin denies knowledge of Russia-US back channelPUBLISHED ON Jun 05, 2017 Sisters die trapped inside father's car PUBLISHED ON Jun 04, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2017. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing Digital About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News All Local News City Hall Blog Politics +PS Defence Watch The Gargoyle National World Opinion All Opinion Columnists Your Letters Editorials Editorial Cartoons Electoral Reform Business All Business Local Business FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Tech-Biz Arts All Arts Local Arts All Local Arts Local Reviews The Big Beat Ottawa events listings Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music Jazzblog NP Music Books Celebrity Cappies Sports All Sports Local Sports Hockey All Hockey Senators Extra NHL World Juniors Football All Football CFL NFL Baseball Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Golf Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Tennis Life All Life Homes All Homes Condos Gardening Food All Food Recipes Local Food Reviews Ottawa Dish Style Our Ottawa World of Birds Life Story Health All Health Men Seniors Sexual Health Women Diet & Fitness Family & Child Fashion & Beauty Parenting Relationships Puzzles & Comics Royals Travel Gift Guide Careers All Careers Find Jobs Post Jobs Obits Classifieds All Classifieds FlyerCity Shopping Announcements Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Driving News Defence Watch |Featured: Senators Extra Canada 150 Style Magazine Homes OC Sessions Developing Lebreton Flats | More Open Search Close Search Search Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Local News Canada 150: Complete coverage Local Food Reviews Dining Out: Savoury Northern Chinese surprises at Xiang Zi in ... Local Food Reviews Dining Out: Caravela Restaurante offers up fresh, uncomplicated, homey Portuguese ... Local News Opioid overdoses: Here's how to get a naloxone kit in ... Local Food Reviews Dining Out: Citizen meets high expectations, but choose carefully for ... 5 / 5 Boeing postpones industry announcement because of “current climate” on Super Hornet deal David Pugliese, Ottawa Citizen More from David Pugliese, Ottawa Citizen Published on: June 1, 2017 | Last Updated: June 1, 2017 11:20 AM EDT The U.S. Navy F/A 18 Super Hornet perfumed at the 67th annual Canadian International Air Show. Jack Boland/ Postmedia Jack Boland / Jack Boland/Toronto Sun Share Adjust Comment Print Boeing has postponed its Interim Fighter Capability Project industry teaming announcement that was supposed to be made on Thursday at CANSEC. “Due to the current climate, today is not the most opportune time to share this good news story,” Boeing noted in a statement. But it added, “Boeing’s commitment to Canada has been, and remains, unwavering.” On Wednesday at CANSEC, Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan suggested Boeing could no longer be considered a trusted partner. Although Sajjan stopped short of cancelling the Liberal government’s plan to purchase 18 Super Hornet fighters from Boeing, Sajjan said the U.S. firm has damaged its relationship with Canada. Boeing has complained to the U.S. government that Canadian aerospace firm Bombardier is receiving subsidies, which in turn, allowed it to sell its C-Series aircraft at below-market prices. Boeing convinced the U.S. Commerce Department and International Trade Commission to launch an investigation into Bombardier. “It is not the behaviour of a trusted partner,” Sajjan told industry representatives Wednesday at the CANSEC defence trade show in Ottawa. He called on Boeing to withdraw its complaint. Sajjan said Canada requires “trusted industry partners.” Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland also recently chastened Boeing for its actions. But Sajjan’s dressing down of the company in such a high profile forum is considered by industry representatives as unprecedented. The Liberals are now reviewing the Super Hornet jet proposal and whether it should continue. In its statement Thursday, Boeing noted that, “The Canadian IFCP Super Hornet Team is bringing together a committed industry team with global supply chains, well established in-country presence, and complimentary capabilities, while leveraging 30+ years of legacy Classic Hornet activities in Canada,” Boeing noted.   Boeing Company Harjit Sajjan sponsored Super Hornet Discovery Air completes air-to-air training against Austrian Eurofighters Cost of Canadian Surface Combatant put at more than $61 billion... Video Connect With Us Email Alerts Get the latest news in your mailbox as it happens Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Traffic More Local News Local News Driver allegedly impaired by fentanyl, other drugs when Renfrew couple killed in crash Local News Man killed in SUV-transport truck crash Local News Spears: Universities wrestle with how to stop fake science publishers Classified Stories, pictures and tributes to life. View and place obituaries, and more. Share the joy. Tell the world. Read and place announcements here. Buy, sell and trade smarter. Find the job you want in your city. View and place job listings, and more. The faster, fresher and greener way to shop flyers. × Share Boeing postpones industry announcement because of “current climate” on Super Hornet deal Email Twitter Facebook Pinterest Google+ Linkedin News All News Local News Politics +PS Defence Watch The Gargoyle National World Opinion All Opinion Columnists Your Letters Editorials Editorial Cartoons Electoral Reform Business All Business Local Business FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Energy Technology Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Cappies Sports All Sports Local Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Tennis Life All Life Homes Food Style Our Ottawa World of Birds Life Story Health Fashion & Beauty Parenting Relationships Puzzles & Comics Royals Travel Gift Guide © 2017 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Driving Obits Announcements FlyerCity Shopping Careers Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Legal Privacy Terms Copyright & Permissions Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact Us ePaper Digital Access Manage Newsletters Contests Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal Montreal Gazette National Post Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Windsor Star Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your Market account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Market to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email address. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password. 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We didn't recognize the password reset code. Please enter your email below below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Market is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ
Top News U.S. News World News Voices Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News Defense Energy Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive The Almanac Search Home / Defense News Boeing to design, develop upgrades for F/A-18 electronics The $86.3 million contract is to design, develop and install upgrades for both software and hardware on the F/A-18 series of aircraft. By Stephen Carlson   |   June 1, 2017 at 9:43 AM Follow @upi Comments June 1 (UPI) -- Boeing has received a $86.3 million modification to an existing contract to design, develop and install upgrades for both software and hardware on the F/A-18 series of aircraft. The upgrades Boeing has contracted for include the A/B, C/D and E/F models, as well as the EA-18G electronic warfare variation of the plane. The program includes the U.S. Navy and aircraft used by Australia, Finland, Switzerland, Kuwait, Malaysia, and Canada. Work will be performed in St. Louis, Miss., and China Lake, Calif. Funding will be provided as orders are issued. The U.S. Navy is slated for $79.4 million, with contributions coming from other participating nations in the program. Work is expected to be completed by December 2018. The F/A-18 series of multirole fighters is capable of operating from airstrips and aircraft carriers. It is designed for both air-superiority missions and land attack, and can carry a variety of ordnance ranging from air-to-air missiles and precision-guided bombs to standoff munitions. The platform has been steadily upgraded, including the introduction of the Super Hornet. The EA-18G is an electronic warfare platform capable of jamming enemy radars, communications and missiles. Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram for more news from UPI.com Related UPI Stories Harris producing sonobuoy launch equipment for Boeing French deliver armored vehicles to Lebanon General Dynamics receives Navy training contract Comments Latest Headlines BAE Systems, Helios to collaborate on liquid armor 2 days ago ago June 2 (UPI) -- BAE Systems and Helios Global Technologies have signed an agreement under a Memorandum of Understanding to develop liquid-armor for ground troops. European Reassurance Initiative requests billion-dollar budget increase 2 days ago ago June 2 (UPI) -- The budget request for the Department of Defense's European Reassurance Initiative has been increased by $1.4 billion to $4.8 billion. Lockheed awarded contract for extended range air-to-surface missiles 2 days ago ago June 2 (UPI) -- Lockheed Martin has received a $413.8 million contract for Lot 15 Joint Air-to-Surface Standoff Missiles -- Extended Range, or JASSM-ER. Sweden testing handheld EOD sensor units 2 days ago ago June 2 (UPI) -- Handheld mine detection units are undergoing Swedish military tests. KC-46A tanker receives electronic testing 3 days ago ago June 1 (UPI) -- The KC-46A Pegasus aerial tanker is undergoing testing at Benfield Anechoic Facility to ensure it meets FAA regulations and certifications requirements. Trending Stories Dueling Sunday rallies planned in Portland in wake of double murder Former Notre Dame QB Malik Zaire picks Florida in transfer Brooklyn cop in critical condition after car drags 2 1/2 blocks Canadian man calmly mows lawn with tornado behind him Police: Papa John's workers delivered cocaine in pizza boxes PHOTOS President Trump visits the Middle East Michael Bay honored at Hollywood handprint ceremony Stars showcase their films at the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival Hugh Jackman attends the 'Logan' premiere in Tokyo On the red carpet at the 2017 Billboard Music Awards in Las Vegas Cloud Computing wins the Preakness Explore UPI Top News Entertainment News Odd News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy News Defense News UPI Archives UPI Espanol United Press International United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. Stay up to Date Login Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback Copyright © 2017 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY
CLOSE X IOLPersonal Finance Shop @ LootAfrican IndependentYoung IndependentIOL PropertyIVEO Mon 5 Jun companies economy energy markets entrepreneurs technology MORE Careers International Opinion Financial Tools IOL special features the zuma era #dontlookaway icc champions trophy trump's america durban tourism indaba NEWS POLITICS business business report personal finance SPORT ENTERTAINMENT LIFESTYLE MOTORING TRAVEL Multimedia NEWSPAPERS Classifieds Cape Community About IOL Business Report All Business Report Companies | Economy | Energy | Markets Markets Shares Currencies Commodities Market Indicators | Entrepreneurs | Technology | Careers | International | Opinion | Financial Tools | About Us | Contact Us | Advertisement Boeing in search of young business talent in South Africa Business Report | 1 June 2017, 3:08pm Staff Reporter Youngsters are often encouraged to aim high when considering a career. Sadly, many will feel their options are limited and may believe they have no option but to settle for less than the job they dream of. Fortunately, there are options available: opportunities that can provide a springboard to something truly challenging and fulfilling. One example is Boeing’s [NYSE: BA] highly acclaimed six months International Business Internship Program (IBIP), which is now open to South African students in a business-related field. Tell a friend FILE - In this March 7, 2017, file photo, the first of the large Boeing 737 MAX 9 models, Boeing's newest commercial airplane, sits outside its production plant in Renton, Wash. Boeing stops test flights of its new 737 model because of a possible problem in engine discs. The company is working with engine maker CFM to investigate. The company said Wednesday, May 10, 2017, it was notified of a potential manufacturing-quality issue by CFM, which makes the engines that are going on the Boeing 737 Max. (AP Photo/Elaine Thompson, File) Full-time under-graduate and post-graduate students from South African universities and technical universities are encouraged to apply for the internship. Two students from Wits University are currently on the full-time program (Jan – July 2017). Registration for the next intake period (Jan –July 2018) is open from June the 6th to July the 15th 2017. Laila Zayan, Head of Talent Pipeline Development at Boeing, says the IBIP is open to all students studying in a business-related field including Industrial Engineering, Accounting, Finance, Human Resources, Marketing, Strategy, Management, and Information Systems. She says applicants must be enrolled in an undergraduate or graduate program or have graduated within the last 12 months (applicants that graduated in May 2016 or earlier will NOT be considered).  Students must have excellent communications and interpersonal skills, be high achievers academically, demonstrate leadership and team work skills. J. Miguel Santos, Boeing Managing Director - Sub-Sahara Africa and Director of Commercial Airplane Sales for Africa based in Johannesburg, encouraged students to apply, saying it is a great bridge to the world of working. He cites is as a is a once in a lifetime opportunity to get real world exposure to a large multi-national corporation. “The students will be provided with US-based work experience and will prove extremely valuable when they return and invest their new skills to the benefit of South Africa. Having Boeing on your resume could be a launching pad for your future career.” The International Business Internship Program (IBIP), which was launched in 2012, provides students valuable exposure to the latest technological and business advances and thinking in a variety of disciplines relating to business operations, finance, marketing, strategy and the aviation industry.   The students will be exposed to a range of business activities and work alongside Boeing employees in various fields. They will also have an opportunity to spend time with Boeing leaders, visit several Boeing factories and share their experience with other IBIP interns from around the world. Zayan says interested students can apply through the career advice divisions of their respective universities who will be provided with information brochures. BUSINESS REPORT ONLINE Tell a friend Most Read 1 Zuma challenged to take legal action over Dubai mansion story 2 #CourtneyPieters: ‘He killed her because he didn’t like her’ 3 Body found on Table Mountain is Charlotte Nikoi: Unicef 4 Raped, then murdered and mutilated 5 'I was there during horrific #LondonAttacks' Advertisement X BUSINESS REPORT About us Contact us Feedback Follow us on INSIDE BUSINESS REPORT Companies Economy Energy Markets Entrepreneurs Technology Careers International Opinion Financial tools EXPLORE IOL News Politics Business Report Personal Finance Sport Entertainment Lifestyle Motoring Travel BUSINESS REPORT WEEKLY Sign up to receive our weekly edition of Business Report in your inbox. SIGN UP OR subscribe to e-editions of our Newspaper titles. Terms & Conditions Privacy policy Feedback Advertise with us © Independent Media and affiliated companies. All rights reserved
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman AstroNova Wins Boeing Silver Performance Excellence Award WEST WARWICK, R.I.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–AstroNova, Inc. (NASDAQ: ALOT), a leading manufacturer and supplier of aerospace products, including printers, networking hardware and related accessories, today announced that it has been awarded the 2016 Boeing Performance Excellence Award – Silver Level. The Boeing Company recognized AstroNova for achieving superior supplier performance in areas including on-time delivery and quality. Silver is one of the highest designations in Boeing’s Preferred Supplier Certification program. “Performance excellence is fundamental to the success of both our companies,” Boeing wrote in a letter to AstroNova. “We extend our sincere congratulations to the employees of AstroNova for demonstrating their dedication to the high performance standards necessary to meet customer expectations and remain competitive in the global economy.” “It’s extremely gratifying to receive this recognition for the second consecutive year,” said President and CEO Gregory A. Woods. “The Performance Excellence Award reflects the hard work and dedication of our entire Aerospace team and the ongoing success of our lean initiatives. Over the past year, two of our printers have been included in the Boeing 737 catalog. We look forward to further expanding our relationship with Boeing in the years ahead and broadening our technology leadership in the aerospace market.” About AstroNova AstroNova, Inc. (NASDAQ: ALOT), a global leader in data visualization technologies, designs, manufactures, distributes and services a broad range of products that acquire, store, analyze and present data in multiple formats. The Product Identification segment offers a variety of hardware and software products and associated supplies that allow customers to mark, track and enhance the appearance of their products. The segment’s two business units are QuickLabel®, the industry leader in tabletop digital color label printing and TrojanLabel™, a leader in the light-production color label press and specialty printer markets. The Test and Measurement segment includes the Test & Measurement business unit, which offers a suite of products and services that acquire, record and analyze electronic signal data from local and networked sensors. The segment also includes the Aerospace business unit, which makes printers, networking hardware and related accessories. These products are used in the aircraft flight deck to print flight plans, navigation information and performance data and in the aircraft cabin to print maintenance data, receipts and passenger manifests. AstroNova is a member of the Russell Microcap® Index and the LD Micro Index (INDEXNYSEGIS: LDMICRO). Additional information is available by visiting www.astronovainc.com. Forward-Looking Statements Information included in this news release may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are not statements of historical fact, but rather reflect our current expectations concerning future events and results. These statements may include the use of the words “believes,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “anticipates,” “likely,” “continues,” “may,” “will” and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements, including those relating to expanding the Company’s relationship with Boeing and broadening its technology leadership in the aerospace market, involve risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control, which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These risks, uncertainties, and factors include, but are not limited to, those factors set forth in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2017 and subsequent filings AstroNova makes with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. The reader is cautioned not to unduly rely on such forward-looking statements when evaluating the information presented in this news release. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Midlertidig lukning for handel i 11 afdelinger i Investeringsforeningen Handelsinvest Next PostNext Vitamin K2 Market by Manufacturers, Countries, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Pharmacy Automation Systems Market is expected to reach a CAGR of 6.7% during 2016 – 2026 PM O’Neill welcomes New World Bank Country Manager for PNG Paediatric Vaccine Market will increase at 14.4% CAGR during 2016-2026 Global Cricket Balls Market 2017- Gray-Nicolls, Slazenge, Woodwor, Gunn & Moore, British Cricket Balls Global Cricket Bats Market 2017- Puma, Kookaburra, Sareen Sports, Slazenger, British Cricket Balls Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Arrow-right Camera Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather Search E-edition Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Obits Opinion Classifieds Search Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service News Spokane Washington Idaho Nation World Business Health Marijuana WA Government ID Government Sports Outdoors Gonzaga basketball WSU football EWU basketball EWU football Gonzaga women High school sports Seattle Mariners Seattle Seahawks Seattle Sounders Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire Spokane Indians UW basketball UW football Vandals basketball Vandals football Whitworth WSU football Arts and Entertainment A&E Art Books Beer/Drinks Cooking Dining Entertainment Dorothy Dean Features Food Home and garden Home Movies Music Pop culture Seven Stage The Slice Travel Voices Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Know Spokane data.spokesman.com Photos Reader Photos Blogs Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Spokane Jobs Spokane Autos Public Records Brides Births Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Advertising inserts Close Wash. Idaho Business Health Marijuana Nation World Photos Spokane Aerospace manufacturing a high-wage, growth industry for Spokane area UPDATED: Thu., June 1, 2017, 10:58 a.m. Matt Annis, a maintenance supervisor for Horizon Air, walks from a Horizon Air Q-400 turboprop airplane in February 2007 in Spokane. (Jed Conklin / The Spokesman-Review) By Becky Kramer beckyk@spokesman.com(509) 459-5466 Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS Aerospace manufacturing Jobs in Spokane County: 3,489 in 2016 Average wage: $73,446 Companies with aerospace-related sales: 101 Aerospace manufacturing is a growing, high-wage industry in Eastern Washington and North Idaho, and one that local business leaders want to continue to nurture. More than 200 Eastern Washington companies make parts for commercial and military aircraft, primarily in Spokane and the Tri-Cities. Across the border in Idaho, another 60 companies have ties to aerospace. “We paint planes. We rerun the brakes … We make seat cushions,” said Doug Tweedy, regional labor economist with the Washington Employment Security Division. “We don’t actually build the planes, but we put components into them.” Some of the locally made parts end up in Boeing’s planes, but Boeing isn’t the only game in town, Tweedy said. Other components end up in aircraft manufactured by Boeing competitor Airbus or Bombardier of Canada, or as custom decor for high-end private jets. And there is one local airplane manufacturer: Quest Aircraft of Sandpoint, which makes a 10-seat turboprop plane called the Kodiak. The industry pumps tens of millions of dollars into the local economy through purchases and wages. In Idaho, aerospace manufacturing jobs pay an average of $60,000 annually. In Spokane County, the average is around $73,500. “It’s a high-wage, high-growth sector,” said Sam Wolkenhauer, a regional economist for the Idaho Department of Labor. For airline parts suppliers, there’s more growth on the horizon, said John Byrne, Boeing’s vice president of airplane materials and structures. Byrne was the keynote speaker at Wednesday’s I-90 Corridor Aerospace Conference & Expo at the Coeur d’Alene Resort, which drew about 200 industry representatives. The conference was organized by the Inland Northwest Aerospace Consortium and Idaho Aerospace Alliance. Over the next 20 years, about 40,000 new airplanes will be needed to keep pace with global demand for air travel. The value of those orders is about $5.9 trillion, Bryne said. Much of the growth is coming from industrializing nations, where middle-class residents can now afford air travel. At Boeing, one out of every three 737s rolling off the assembly line is headed to China. “India is next,” Bryne said. The 20-year forecast calls for 4 percent annual growth in global passenger travel, he said. However, another industry trend is the cost-savvy traveler, who’s looking for the lowest-priced plane ticket. The quest for low fares puts pressure on airplane manufacturers to constantly increase quality and output while lowering production costs, Bryne said. That push for cost savings gets passed on to Boeing’s suppliers, he said. “The supply chain feels the brunt of most of this,” he said. In Spokane County, about 3,500 people work in aerospace manufacturing, said Tweedy, the labor economist. Some of the larger aerospace manufacturers are Kaiser Aluminum, which rolls aluminum for airplanes as part of its product mix, and Triumph Group, which makes floor panels and ducting. Others include Exotic Metals, UTC Aerospace Systems and Aerospace Coatings. Overall, Spokane County has 101 companies that make parts for airplanes. However, only nine companies are considered “direct suppliers,” which means that 50 percent or more of their business is tied to aerospace, Tweedy said. Finding skilled labor is an upcoming challenge for the local aerospace industry, said Wolkenhauer, the Idaho Department of Labor economist. North Idaho College is working to increase the labor pool through its Aerospace Center, which offers classes in areas such as aviation maintenance, composites and advanced manufacturing. However, demand for skilled labor is expected to grow faster than the number of qualified workers. “The No. 1 constraint (on future growth) is the labor supply,” Wolkenhauer said. Updated: June 1, 2017, 10:58 a.m.  Tags: aerospace, Boeing, manufacturing There are two comments on this story » Most read stories Day of Portland demonstrations marked by arrests, clashes … Golden State Warriors roll again, take 2-0 NBA Finals lead over Cleveland Cavaliers … Kurtis Robinson, ex-con who found a higher path, to lead Spokane NAACP … Suspect in Portland stabbings built life around hate speech … Black fly outbreak across Spokane brings itchy, bleeding misery … ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Masthead Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy
AstroNova Wins Boeing Silver Performance Excellence Award Company Earns Coveted Recognition for Second Consecutive Year For the second consecutive year, AstroNova (NASDAQ: ALOT) has earned Boeing's coveted Silver Performance Excellence Award. Boeing recognized AstroNova for achieving superior supplier performance in areas including on-time delivery and quality. Silver is one of the highest designations in Boeing's Preferred Supplier Certification program. (Photo: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? For the second consecutive year, AstroNova (NASDAQ: ALOT) has earned Boeing's coveted Silver Performance Excellence Award. Boeing recognized AstroNova for achieving superior supplier performance in areas including on-time delivery and quality. Silver is one of the highest designations in Boeing's Preferred Supplier Certification program. (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail June 01, 2017 08:30 AM Eastern Daylight Time WEST WARWICK, R.I.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--AstroNova, Inc. (NASDAQ: ALOT), a leading manufacturer and supplier of aerospace products, including printers, networking hardware and related accessories, today announced that it has been awarded the 2016 Boeing Performance Excellence Award – Silver Level. The Boeing Company recognized AstroNova for achieving superior supplier performance in areas including on-time delivery and quality. Silver is one of the highest designations in Boeing’s Preferred Supplier Certification program. “Performance excellence is fundamental to the success of both our companies,” Boeing wrote in a letter to AstroNova. “We extend our sincere congratulations to the employees of AstroNova for demonstrating their dedication to the high performance standards necessary to meet customer expectations and remain competitive in the global economy.” “It’s extremely gratifying to receive this recognition for the second consecutive year,” said President and CEO Gregory A. Woods. “The Performance Excellence Award reflects the hard work and dedication of our entire Aerospace team and the ongoing success of our lean initiatives. Over the past year, two of our printers have been included in the Boeing 737 catalog. We look forward to further expanding our relationship with Boeing in the years ahead and broadening our technology leadership in the aerospace market.” About AstroNova AstroNova, Inc. (NASDAQ: ALOT), a global leader in data visualization technologies, designs, manufactures, distributes and services a broad range of products that acquire, store, analyze and present data in multiple formats. The Product Identification segment offers a variety of hardware and software products and associated supplies that allow customers to mark, track and enhance the appearance of their products. The segment’s two business units are QuickLabel®, the industry leader in tabletop digital color label printing and TrojanLabel™, a leader in the light-production color label press and specialty printer markets. The Test and Measurement segment includes the Test & Measurement business unit, which offers a suite of products and services that acquire, record and analyze electronic signal data from local and networked sensors. The segment also includes the Aerospace business unit, which makes printers, networking hardware and related accessories. These products are used in the aircraft flight deck to print flight plans, navigation information and performance data and in the aircraft cabin to print maintenance data, receipts and passenger manifests. AstroNova is a member of the Russell Microcap® Index and the LD Micro Index (INDEXNYSEGIS: LDMICRO). Additional information is available by visiting www.astronovainc.com. Forward-Looking Statements Information included in this news release may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are not statements of historical fact, but rather reflect our current expectations concerning future events and results. These statements may include the use of the words “believes,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “anticipates,” “likely,” “continues,” “may,” “will” and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements, including those relating to expanding the Company’s relationship with Boeing and broadening its technology leadership in the aerospace market, involve risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control, which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These risks, uncertainties, and factors include, but are not limited to, those factors set forth in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2017 and subsequent filings AstroNova makes with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. The reader is cautioned not to unduly rely on such forward-looking statements when evaluating the information presented in this news release. Contacts AstroNova, Inc. Tom Carll, 401-828-4000 Toll-free: 877-867-9783 Vice President & General Manager, Aerospace Products tcarll@astronovainc.com #Hashtags #PerformanceExcellence Contacts AstroNova, Inc. Tom Carll, 401-828-4000 Toll-free: 877-867-9783 Vice President & General Manager, Aerospace Products tcarll@astronovainc.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: Getting a buyout from the EPA?•Fed-focused bills on Capitol Hill•Which TSP fund went into the red? Headlines Get Email Alerts Government News Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Update on the latest… Update on the latest in business: By The Associated Press June 1, 2017 3:29 am 7 min read Share FINANCIAL MARKETS Most Asian stock markets rise after Wall Street loss BEIJING (AP) — Chinese stocks declined Thursday after a survey showed manufacturing weakening while most other Asian markets gained after Wall Street fell for a second day. The Shanghai Composite Index lost 0.5 percent while Tokyo’s Nikkei 225 gained 1.1 percent. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng advanced 0.3 percent and Seoul’s Kospi shed 0.1 percent. Register now to learn how DHS and Commerce are implementing CDM strategies. Advertisement U.S. stocks fell on a sharp drop for banks and a rare loss for tech companies. That offset gains for drug makers and consumer-focused companies. Banks fell after executives from JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America said their trading businesses are having a rough second quarter. Energy companies fell with oil prices. Investors picked consumer-focused companies, drug makers and high-dividend utilities and household goods companies. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index lost less than 0.1 percent to 2,411.80. The Dow Jones industrial average dropped 0.1 percent to 21,008.65. ECONOMY-THE DAY AHEAD Major business and economic events reports for today. WASHINGTON (AP) —There are two major jobs reports due out today. Payroll processor ADP will report on how many jobs private employers added in May and the Labor Department will release the number of people who applied for unemployment benefits last week. Also today, the Labor Department will issue revised data on productivity in the first quarter and the Commerce Department will report on U.S. construction spending in April. The true impact of cutting EPA's budget. The Institute for Supply Management, a trade group of purchasing managers, will also issue its index of manufacturing activity for May today. Freddie Mac reports on this week’s average U.S. mortgage rates as well. The major automakers will also report their sales figures for the month of May. TRUMP-CLIMATE Trump global warming announcement out today WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump says he’ll announce his decision on whether he’ll pull the U.S. out of the Paris climate accord during a Rose Garden event today. Trump says on Twitter that he’ll be making the announcement today at 3 p.m. He ends the tweet with his campaign slogan, “MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!” A senior White House official said Wednesday that the president is expected to withdraw from the agreement, which is aimed at reducing carbon emissions in an effort to curb global warming. But officials cautioned that details were still being finalized. The president has also been known to change his mind on major decisions at the last minute. EARNS-UBER Uber posts $708M loss as revenue grows; finance head quits HONG KONG (AP) — Ride-hailing giant Uber has reported another multibillion dollar loss even as its revenues grow. The San Francisco-based company said Thursday that its losses in the first quarter narrowed to $708 million from $991 million in the previous three-month period. Uber told The Associated Press that it had $3.4 billion in revenue for the period, 18 percent higher than the final three months of last year. The company is not publicly listed but has been mulling an IPO. It said in a statement “the narrowing of our losses in the first quarter puts us on a good trajectory towards profitability.” The company also said its head of finance, Gautam Gupta, is departing, becoming the latest high profile executive to leave amid a string of troubles facing the company. PUERTO RICO-ECONOMIC CRISIS Puerto Rico budget unveils tax breaks, protects pensions SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico (AP) — Puerto Rico’s governor has unveiled a budget that promises tax breaks, sets aside more than $400 million for debt service and guarantees $2 billion in pension payments amid a deep economic crisis. The proposed $9.56 billion budget is more than a half million dollars larger than last year’s. Gov. Ricardo Rossello said Wednesday that for the first time in recent history the budget would be truly balanced. The U.S. territory is struggling to emerge from a 10-year recession that has prompted more than a half million Puerto Ricans to flee to the U.S. mainland. Rossello’s administration is now is in the midst of restructuring a portion of a $73 billion public debt load through a bankruptcy-like process in federal court. CANADA-BOEING Canada’s defense minister threatens Boeing deal in speech TORONTO (AP) — Canada’s defense minister is repeating a threat to cancel the purchase of 18 fighter jets from Boeing Co. because of the company’s trade complaint against Canadian plane maker Bombardier. Defense Minister Harjit Sajjan said Wednesday that Boeing’s action against Bombardier is “unfounded” and “not the behavior of a trusted partner.” He says buying the Super Hornet fighter jets “requires a trusted industry partner.” Sajjan urged Boeing to withdraw the complaint. Canada’s foreign minister has also threatened to block the order. Boeing’s trade complaint prompted a U.S. Commerce Department anti-dumping investigation that could result in duties being imposed on Bombardier’s new larger CSeries passenger aircraft. Boeing insists the plane receives Canadian government subsidies that give it an advantage internationally. Canada’s threat is coming amid increasing trade disputes with America. KUSHNER-INVESTMENT VISAS Kushners used creative mapmaking to gain visa-tied funds NEW YORK (AP) — The Kushner Cos. engaged in a bit of creative mapmaking to qualify one of its buildings in a booming New Jersey waterfront neighborhood across from Manhattan for a federal visa-for-investment program targeting struggling areas. Emails obtained by The Associated Press show that the family of President Donald Trump’s son-in-law Jared Kushner placed its 65 Bay Street building in Jersey City in a map stringing together three dozen other areas, some with high unemployment. The map was included in a 2015 application to the EB-5 visa program that allows overseas investors to obtain temporary U.S. residency in exchange for investments of $500,000 or more in areas with high unemployment. DENVER DRONE DOUGHNUTS Doughnut delivery by drone in Denver is a peek at the future DENVER (AP) — Doughnuts have been delivered by drone to Denver’s mayor and the city’s police and fire departments. The event provided a glimpse into what companies hope will be a quick, inexpensive way to get merchandise to customers. Denver’s LaMar’s Donuts hired Austin, Texas-based company Drone Dispatch to deliver four boxes of doughnuts Wednesday using piloted drones flown from parking lots within a block of the delivery target Wednesday. LaMar’s spokesman Tami Osifodunrin said Federal Aviation Administration regulations prohibit commercial drone pilots from losing sight of drones. The FAA said in a statement it is investigating to ensure the deliveries followed rules governing commercial drone use in populated areas. Amazon and other companies are testing autonomous drones for deliveries. Drone maker Flirtey last year began limited deliveries for 7-Eleven in Reno, Nevada. JAPAN-ROCKET-GPS Japan launches rocket with satellite to build its own GPS TOKYO (AP) — Japan is building its own GPS in hopes of reducing location errors for drivers, drone operators and other users. A rocket launched Thursday from southern Japan is carrying a satellite that will form part of a Japanese GPS. The Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency and Mitsubishi Heavy Industries plan to launch two more satellites by next spring to complete the system. Japan currently relies on an American GPS. Having its own system is expected to reduce location errors in Japan to a few centimeters (inches) from as much as 10 meters (30 feet) by some estimates. The more accurate information could be used for both driving and drone deliveries. Japanese media report it also may enhance the country’s defense capabilities. WILDERNESS MINE Federal judge overturns approvals for proposed Montana mine HELENA, Mont. (AP) — A federal judge has overturned government agency approvals to develop a copper and silver mine in a Montana wilderness area, saying the decisions violated laws meant to protect threatened grizzly bears, bull trout and their habitat. U.S. District Judge Donald Molloy ruled Tuesday the U.S. Forest Service and U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service must reconsider their findings related to the Montanore Mine in Kootenai National Forest. Molloy said it made no sense for the wildlife service to say the project would not harm grizzlies and bull trout. The mine was proposed by Coeur d’Alene, Idaho-based Hecla. Company officials have said they spent about $46 million to bring the project into compliance. A public information officer with the Kootenai National Forest said the agency was reviewing the decision and could not yet comment. Related Topics Business News Defense News Government News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Update on the latest… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Top Stories May TSP returns continue positive streak, minus one negative outlier Top Story IRS to start website overhaul in August Technology EPA's government reorganization summer homework Workforce 10 bills you missed while you were focused on the budget Legislation What’s it like inside Mattis’ Pentagon? Defense News Fed Photo of the Day USDA celebrates National Egg Day with day-old chics Today in History 1954: Sen. Joseph McCarthy charges communists are in the CIA THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER Jun 02, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.9816 0.0275 2.80% L 2020 25.7437 0.0680 4.59% L 2030 28.8357 0.1161 6.52% L 2040 31.1263 0.1459 7.46% L 2050 17.8873 0.0941 8.30% G Fund 15.3373 0.0009 0.98% F Fund 17.9321 0.0503 2.57% C Fund 33.9325 0.1257 8.67% S Fund 43.9355 0.1937 4.96% I Fund 28.5205 0.3243 14.31% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2017 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Health Clark Asks Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines It’s strawberry season Battle Ground schools get new leadership Class of 2017 pursues ideals Aerospace industry, led by Insitu, lifts economies of Columbia Gorge communities Jayne: Ilani alters the conversation for Cowlitz Tribe, county Agendas for the week’s government meetings Clark County’s culture of cycling is growing Weather Eye: Enjoy return to seasonal norms, sun’s reappearance Cyclists, officials pedal through Vancouver’s bike infrastructure Cycling around the city of Vancouver can be a joy -- except for those spots where it's a big problem. Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Miranda pitches 4-hitter as Mariners sweep Rays Zunino’s slam, 7 RBIs power Mariners past Rays Miami’s Volquez throws first no-hitter of 2017 Horan scores twice in Thorns’ road win Seahawks not signing Kaepernick, for now Oklahoma beats UW at softball World Series Mariners slug their way past Rays Valeri scores twice to power Timbers Bonneville Dam fish count 6/2 Fans can vote for All-Region soccer Union’s Cranston picks prep academy Cameron Cranston wants to keep his dream of playing NCAA Division I basketball alive, and will take another year in… Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories Ways homebuyers can leap the down-payment hurdle Workers reluctant to take time off Aerospace industry, led by Insitu, lifts economies of Columbia Gorge communities Tech Test: Preparing for the crash: Synology box keeps your data safe Lyft’s first diversity report shows workforce mostly white and male Berko: Just can’t recommend investing in General Motors Health Worker Report Berko: Will the Federal Reserve sell bonds? Kangol comes home: Hat firm’s return to U.S. encounters many challenges Convicted fraud figure arrested again Tech Test: Preparing for the crash: Synology box keeps your data safe Synology might not be a company you’ve heard much about. The technology firm makes network attached storage appliances that can… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Leo seriously great in show about laughs Podcaster mixes humor and politics ‘Jurassic World’ exhibit is mix of art, science How ‘Wonder Woman’ director Patty Jenkins cracked the superhero-movie glass ceiling Mayim Bialik pens guide for young girls Holy Fire burns in U.S. for first time Takei slams racist criticism of ‘Star Trek’ Check It Out: Sign up for fun with the Summer Reading program Big brands wake up to demand for modest fashion Clark County’s culture of cycling is growing Check It Out: Sign up for fun with the Summer Reading program It’s almost Summer Reading time at the library — yahoo! In case you thought the Summer Reading program was just… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Press Talk Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Plan Ahead for Parking Jayne: Ilani alters the conversation for Cowlitz Tribe, county Harrop: U.S. happiness rank is sad Wyman: Libraries provide valuable services, deserve federal support Will: Hail Buckley, conservatism’s shining star Griffin’s Trump stunt was offensive Letter: Bridge group is on right path Letter: Trump is, above all, a realist Letter: Travel ban misses its target Letter: Demand answers from Trump Editorial Cartoons, June 4-10 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Uptown Village parking worries on the rise with growth Everybody Has a Story: Bear bite was ticket to family attention You Can Help In the Service Students raise money to purchase iPods for Alzheimer’s patients Camas horse rider wins state title Washougal High School students honored for STEM work Local boy collects donations for homeless at birthday party Hit-and-run victim receives donated wheelchair Riders donate cash to coffee house Uptown Village parking worries on the rise with growth Vancouver’s Uptown Village is, quite literally, on the rise. Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Garage Sales Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Clark Asks Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Canadian official threatens Boeing order Defense chief: Fighter jet purchase at risk over trade complaint By ROB GILLIES, Associated Press Published: May 31, 2017, 10:40 PM A   A TORONTO — Canada’s defense minister repeated a threat Wednesday to cancel the purchase of 18 fighter jets from Boeing Co. because of the company’s trade complaint against Canadian plane maker Bombardier. Harjit Sajjan said Boeing’s action against Bombardier is “unfounded” and not the behavior of a “trusted partner.” He said buying the Super Hornet fighter jets “requires a trusted industry partner.” Sajjan urged Boeing to withdraw the complaint in a speech. Canada’s foreign minister has also threatened to block the order. “Our government — and I stress this — our government is disappointed in the action of one of our leading industry partners,” he said. Chicago-based Boeing’s trade complaint prompted a U.S. Commerce Department anti-dumping investigation that could result in duties being imposed on Bombardier’s new larger CSeries passenger aircraft. Boeing insists the plane receives Canadian government subsidies that give it an advantage internationally. Canada’s threat is coming amid increasing trade disputes with the U.S. Scott Day, a spokesman for Boeing, noted that Sajjan also recognized Boeing as a strong partner in the past and for the future. Day defended the company’s trade action. “This is a commercial matter that Boeing is seeking to address through the normal course for resolving such issues,” Day said in an email. Boeing petitioned the U.S. Commerce Department and the U.S. International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies of Montreal-based Bombardier’s CSeries aircraft. Boeing says Bombardier has received more than US$3 billion in government subsidies that let it engage in “predatory pricing.” Brazil has also launched a formal complaint to the World Trade Organization over Canadian subsidies to Bombardier. Sao Paolo-based Embraer is a fierce rival of Bombardier’s. The Quebec government invested US$1 billion in exchange for a 49.5 percent stake in the CSeries last year. Canada’s federal government also recently provided a US$275 million loan to Bombardier, which struggled to win orders for its new medium-size plane. But Bombardier won a 75-plane order for the CSeries from U.S.-based Delta Air Lines in 2016. Bombardier said its planes never competed with Boeing in the sale to Delta. The Canadian government said late last year it would enter into discussions on buying 18 Super Hornet jet fighters from Boeing on an interim basis and hold an open competition to buy more planes over the next five years. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
Skip to main content About Us Contact Submission Guidelines Permissions Advertising Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Foreign Policy Experts Roundtable Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Subscribe Sign In Register May-June 2017 Issue out now! Log In Subscribe TwitterFacebook Search The Buzz Could America Really Destroy an ICBM in a War? Dave Majumdar May 31, 2017 TweetShareShare The Pentagon’s Missile Defense Agency (MDA) demonstrated the ability to intercept an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) using Ground-based Midcourse Defense (GMD) interceptors for the first time during a live test on May 30. According to the MDA, the test looks likely to have been a success—though the agency will have to analyze the data to be sure. During the test, a roughly five-foot long Raytheon-built exo-atmospheric kill vehicle slammed head-on directly into an ICBM-class test target that was launched from the Reagan Test Site on Kwajalein Atoll in the Republic of the Marshall Islands (in the Pacific). The U.S. Air Force’s 30th Space launched the interceptor missile Wing from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California. "The intercept of a complex, threat-representative ICBM target is an incredible accomplishment for the GMD system and a critical milestone for this program," MDA Director Vice Adm. Jim Syring said in a statement. "This system is vitally important to the defense of our homeland, and this test demonstrates that we have a capable, credible deterrent against a very real threat. I am incredibly proud of the warfighters who executed this test and who operate this system every day." The MDA notes that intercepting the Orbital-built ICBM target required precise coordination from multiple sensors across the globe.  Northrop Grumman’s sophisticated Command, Control, Battle Management and Communication (C2BMC) system integrated data from Raytheon’s forward deployed AN/TPY-2 and the Sea-Based X-band radar—positioned in the Pacific Ocean— to develop target tracking data and a fire control solution to intercept the target. Boeing, which is the prime contractor for the overall GMD system, was thrilled with the results of the test—which pave the way for expanding the expansion of the entire construct. “This successful test keeps the United States on track for a significant increase in interceptor inventory of 44 in 2017,” Norm Tew, Boeing’s vice president and GMD program director said. “In addition, the GMD program remains on track to evolve and modernize this crucial national defense asset in the face of an evolving threat environment, with system upgrades and future technology including the Boeing-led Redesigned Kill Vehicle (RKV).” The MDA cautions that data from the test still has to be analyzed to be sure that the intercept worked properly. “Initial indications are that the test met its primary objective, but program officials will continue to evaluate system performance based upon telemetry and other data obtained during the test,” the MDA states. Altogether, the test cost roughly $244 million. Though the test has been portrayed as a signal to North Korea, in reality it was a happy coincidence—the intercept test has long been in the works. The MDA argues that the GMD was tested in an operationally setting against a target—complete with decoys—representative of a threat well into the 2020s. “This did represent a very real operational scenario in the Pacific,” Syring told reporters at the Pentagon on May 31. However, critics contend that the GMD system—as it currently stands—has not demonstrated the ability to intercept a real ICBM under wartime conditions. In fact, such a capability is a long way off. Indeed, according to the GAO, the MDA won’t even test the system in the rain. “Not even close,” Jeffrey Lewis, Director of the East Asia Nonproliferation Program at the James Martin Center for Nonproliferation Studies at the Middlebury Institute of International Studies at Monterey told The National Interest. “It's a nice baby step.” Even if the MDA conducted tests under realistic conditions, the program is still essentially a research and development program in many ways. The agency—which is not part of any military service—does not have a strategy or doctrine on how to use the system operationally. “The MDA is still running a technology development program and hasn't really thought about transitioning it to an credible operational capability, despite their silly pronouncements to the contrary,” Lewis said. Moreover, in Lewis’ view, nor does the MDA have the capacity to transition the GMD into a genuine operational capability to defend the United States. “I don't think MDA has the capacity, no. I would return the mission to the services,” Lewis said. “Basically, we should treat missile defense like any other defense program. If it provides a cost-effective military benefit, great.  If not, spend the money on something that does.” Pages 1 2 next › last » TweetShareShare Show full page View the discussion thread. Topics: TopicsSecurity Regions: More stories by: Dave Majumdar Kim Jong-un Isn’t Crazy and China Doesn’t Have a Solution Negotiating with North Korea requires treating its leader as closer to a “smart cookie” than a “madman.” Doug Bandow What Do China's Military Strategists Think of the Battle of Midway? China likely recognizes that once wars are started with America, even when militarily successful, they may be extremely difficult to end. Lyle J. Goldstein America May Have Ditched TPP, But It Hasn't Ditched Asia The Asia-Pacific region is refusing to let the pact die, even leaving the door open for a change of heart by Washington. Anthony Fensom Latest Issue May-June 2017 Kissinger's Moral Example Table of Contents Subscribe Digital Edition Subscribe to our Newsletter Most Popular Iran's Missile Defenses Slashing Command Bolton's Beijing High Five for Clinton Father Knows Best . . . ? Prelude: What to Expect in This Space The Wildest Dream: Bombing Iran Heavyweight Huddle on Iraq Subscribe Access all of our articles all of the time. Subscribe today: 6 issues for $29.95 Twitter Facebook Youtube RSS Feed Subscribe to our Newsletter Back to top About Us Press Room Subscriptions Contact Us Jobs and Internships Advertising Submission Guidelines Permissions Masthead Home Magazine Blogs Security Society Economics Politics Global Governance Africa Americas Asia Eurasia Europe Middle East Oceania ©2017 The National Interest. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: Getting a buyout from the EPA?•Fed-focused bills on Capitol Hill•Which TSP fund went into the red? Headlines Get Email Alerts Government News Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Canada's defense minister threatens… Canada’s defense minister threatens Boeing deal in speech By ROB GILLIES May 31, 2017 10:36 pm 2 min read Share TORONTO (AP) — Canada’s defense minister repeated a threat Wednesday to cancel the purchase of 18 fighter jets from Boeing Co. because of the company’s trade complaint against Canadian plane maker Bombardier. Harjit Sajjan said Boeing’s action against Bombardier is “unfounded” and not the behavior of a “trusted partner.” He said buying the Super Hornet fighter jets “requires a trusted industry partner.” Sajjan urged Boeing to withdraw the complaint in a speech. Canada’s foreign minister has also threatened to block the order. “Our government – and I stress this – our government is disappointed in the action of one of our leading industry partners,” he said. Register now to learn how DHS and Commerce are implementing CDM strategies. Advertisement Chicago-based Boeing’s trade complaint prompted a U.S. Commerce Department anti-dumping investigation that could result in duties being imposed on Bombardier’s new larger CSeries passenger aircraft. Boeing insists the plane receives Canadian government subsidies that give it an advantage internationally. Canada’s threat is coming amid increasing trade disputes with the U.S. Scott Day, a spokesman for Boeing, noted that Sajjan also recognized Boeing as a strong partner in the past and for the future. Day defended the company’s trade action. “This is a commercial matter that Boeing is seeking to address through the normal course for resolving such issues,” Day said in an email. Boeing petitioned the U.S. Commerce Department and the U.S. International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies of Montreal-based Bombardier’s CSeries aircraft. Boeing says Bombardier has received more than US$3 billion in government subsidies that let it engage in “predatory pricing.” Brazil has also launched a formal complaint to the World Trade Organization over Canadian subsidies to Bombardier. Sao Paolo-based Embraer is a fierce rival of Bombardier’s. Check out Federal News Radio's latest podcasts. The Quebec government invested US$1 billion in exchange for a 49.5 percent stake in the CSeries last year. Canada’s federal government also recently provided a US$275 million loan to Bombardier, which struggled to win orders for its new medium-size plane. But Bombardier won a 75-plane order for the CSeries from U.S.-based Delta Air Lines in 2016. Bombardier said its planes never competed with Boeing in the sale to Delta. The Canadian government said late last year it would enter into discussions on buying 18 Super Hornet jet fighters from Boeing on an interim basis and hold an open competition to buy more planes over the next five years. Canada remains part of Lockheed Martin’s F-35 Joint Strike Fighter program. Sajjan said he would have more to say about the issue next week. Related Topics Business News Defense News Government News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Canada's defense minister threatens… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Top Stories May TSP returns continue positive streak, minus one negative outlier Top Story IRS to start website overhaul in August Technology EPA's government reorganization summer homework Workforce 10 bills you missed while you were focused on the budget Legislation What’s it like inside Mattis’ Pentagon? Defense News Fed Photo of the Day USDA celebrates National Egg Day with day-old chics Today in History 1954: Sen. Joseph McCarthy charges communists are in the CIA THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER Jun 02, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.9816 0.0275 2.80% L 2020 25.7437 0.0680 4.59% L 2030 28.8357 0.1161 6.52% L 2040 31.1263 0.1459 7.46% L 2050 17.8873 0.0941 8.30% G Fund 15.3373 0.0009 0.98% F Fund 17.9321 0.0503 2.57% C Fund 33.9325 0.1257 8.67% S Fund 43.9355 0.1937 4.96% I Fund 28.5205 0.3243 14.31% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2017 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out07:30 GMT +305 June 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm Fault Lines Photo Video Infographics Live Search Air Force 2: Trump Requests Doomsday Plane Upgrades Despite Earlier Critiques © AP Photo/ Pablo Martinez Monsivais Military & Intelligence 03:14 01.06.2017(updated 03:40 01.06.2017) Get short URL 0 141427 Six months after tweeting that costs had spiraled “out of control” for future Air Force One planes, President Donald Trump’s asked US lawmakers to allocate millions of dollars for a new aircraft, available to only the most senior government officials. The Pentagon wants to get a head start on the jet that will eventually replace the US Air Force C-32A, the Boeing 757 jets calibrated for flying the vice president and other senior level government officials, Defense One reported. © AP Photo/ Andrew Harnik Problems With Air Force One Mark 'Very Serious Blow to Boeing's Reputation' Longer flying range, more seats, a new private office and “enhanced senior leader communications” are a few of the items on the wish list for the next Air Force Two, which a new $6 million program office will seek to deliver, the budget request states. The “doomsday” fleet of four Pentagon-altered 747s strengthen communications abilities in times of nuclear war and function as a flying executive command and control room. The new budget integrates two worst-case scenario jet programs, the doomsday plane and the Navy’s E-6 Mercury, into one program dubbed the Survivable Airborne Operations Center (SOAC).  SOAC hopes to score $7.8 million to explore new aircraft to replace aging doomsday aircraft.   Air Force Two and Air Force One are supposed to serve the presidents at any time needed, especially in the event of nuclear war. Preparing the planes for atomically induced chaos is why some aerospace analysts argue Boeing’s $3.2-$4 billion new Air Force One is magnitudes costlier than the 747’s commercial price of $378.5 million.  © AP Photo/ Cliff Owen Boeing Pays Tab on $4M Damage to POTUS’ Air Force One After Dangerous Mistake The hope is to “better align” the next generations of Air Force One and Air Force Two, according to the Pentagon. By making a more “robust” Air Force Two, the government says it could “mitigate many capability gaps that exist when the current C-32A aircraft serve as a backup to VC-25A [the current 747 available for the president]” and the new Air Force One.  Boeing swallowed a $4 million expense for mechanical mishaps rendering the POTUS’ personal jet susceptible to fire.  ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 27 Related: Boeing, Airbus Face Probe in $10.6-Billion Deal With Air India Space Ghost: Boeing and DARPA Team Up for New Hypersonic Spaceplane Inmarsat-5 Satellite to Expand Capacity of High-Speed Broadband Network - Boeing Boeing Wins Multimillion Contract for Super Hornet Fighter Sustainment Package Boeing Wins $50M to Extend Service Life of F-18 Super Hornet Aircraft Tags: Boeing, United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All commentsShow more comments (20) Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 07:25Four Arab States Cut Diplomatic Ties With Qatar 06:47Anti-Russia Sanctions Imposed With Aim to Affect Elections - Rosneft CEO 06:23Russian Airborne Troops Arrive in Belarus to Take Part in Drills 05:59UAE Cuts Relations With Qatar, Supporting Bahrain, Saudi Arabia, Egypt 05:45Egypt Cuts Diplomatic Relations With Qatar Following Bahrain, Saudi ArabiaAll news 'A Whole New Aircraft': Russia Launches Production of Upgraded Tu-160 Bomber 14828 This is What May Stop Duterte From Buying Advanced Russian Weaponry 10277 War of Interceptors: China Develops ‘Ultrafast’ Missile Defense, Media Reports 8681 WATCH First Launch of Iskander-M Missiles Outside of Russia (VIDEO) 7192 N Korea Claims US ICBM Interception Test Shows 'Preparation for Nuke War' 7170All news Real Syrian Youth Open Up About Assad Gov't and US-Backed 'Moderate' Rebels 26 'Putin Turned Out to be a More Skilled Strategist Than Brzezinski Ever Was' 26 'West Losing Africa to China' as Beijing Launches Major Logistics Route in Kenya 17 Mattis Says US to Oppose China’s Island Construction in South China Sea 17 How Obama’s State Department Sabotaged Trump Efforts to Calm US-Russia Relations 16All news Recommended News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Help From the Home Front: A Damascus Factory Where Tanks Get a New Lease on Life Trumping the Climate New Russian Weaponry: Support Vehicles Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News All Local News City Hall Blog Politics +PS Defence Watch The Gargoyle National World Opinion All Opinion Columnists Your Letters Editorials Editorial Cartoons Electoral Reform Business All Business Local Business FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Tech-Biz Arts All Arts Local Arts All Local Arts Local Reviews The Big Beat Ottawa events listings Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music Jazzblog NP Music Books Celebrity Cappies Sports All Sports Local Sports Hockey All Hockey Senators Extra NHL World Juniors Football All Football CFL NFL Baseball Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Golf Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Tennis Life All Life Homes All Homes Condos Gardening Food All Food Recipes Local Food Reviews Ottawa Dish Style Our Ottawa World of Birds Life Story Health All Health Men Seniors Sexual Health Women Diet & Fitness Family & Child Fashion & Beauty Parenting Relationships Puzzles & Comics Royals Travel Gift Guide Careers All Careers Find Jobs Post Jobs Obits Classifieds All Classifieds FlyerCity Shopping Announcements Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Driving News Defence Watch |Featured: Senators Extra Canada 150 Style Magazine Homes OC Sessions Developing Lebreton Flats | More Open Search Close Search Search Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Local News Canada 150: Complete coverage Local Food Reviews Dining Out: Savoury Northern Chinese surprises at Xiang Zi in ... Local Food Reviews Dining Out: Caravela Restaurante offers up fresh, uncomplicated, homey Portuguese ... Local News Opioid overdoses: Here's how to get a naloxone kit in ... Local Food Reviews Dining Out: Citizen meets high expectations, but choose carefully for ... 5 / 5 Sajjan says Boeing is not a trusted partner as Super Hornet dispute escalates David Pugliese, Ottawa Citizen More from David Pugliese, Ottawa Citizen Published on: May 31, 2017 | Last Updated: May 31, 2017 4:31 PM EDT Share Adjust Comment Print Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan suggested the U.S. aerospace firm that wants to sell billions of dollars worth of fighter jets to Canada can no longer be considered a trusted partner. Although he stopped short of cancelling the Liberal government’s plan to purchase 18 Super Hornet fighters from Boeing, Sajjan said the U.S. firm has damaged its relationship with Canada. Boeing has complained to the U.S. government that Canadian aerospace firm Bombardier is receiving subsidies, which in turn, allowed it to sell its C-Series aircraft at below-market prices. Boeing convinced the U.S. Commerce Department and International Trade Commission to launch an investigation into Bombardier. “It is not the behaviour of a trusted partner,” Sajjan told industry representatives Wednesday at the CANSEC defence trade show in Ottawa. He called on Boeing to withdraw its complaint. Sajjan said Canada requires “trusted industry partners.” Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland also recently chastened Boeing for its actions. But Sajjan’s dressing down of the company in such a high profile forum is considered by industry representatives as unprecedented. The Liberals are now reviewing the Super Hornet jet proposal and whether it should continue. “We are continuing our discussions with the U.S. government and we continue to do that,” Sajjan said of talks over the acquisition of the fighter jets. Canada, however, is no longer talking to Boeing officials. The Super Hornet purchase, if it proceeds, is expected to cost $5 billion to $7 billion. Canada has not yet signed the deal to acquire the Super Hornets. That was expected to be in place by the end of the year or early next year. It is unclear now on when that deal might proceed or whether it will be scuttled if Boeing does not withdraw its complaint against Bombardier. Other aerospace firms are in the wings ready to offer Canada new aircraft. Those companies include Lockheed Martin with its F-35 fighter jet. Sajjan said Canada has had a good relationship with Boeing over the decades but it is now reviewing all procurements with that company. Sajjan’s dig at Boeing comes as the U.S. firm prepares to announce its industry team members for the Super Hornet interim fighter jet project. That will happen at CANSEC on Thursday. On the Wednesday at CANSEC the Boeing team was highlighting the company’s long-term commitment to Canada. The U.S. investigation into Bombardier will examine the dumping of commercial aircraft into the U.S. market. “The U.S. market is the most open in the world, but we must take action if our rules are being broken,” U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said in a statement after the hearing into Boeing’s claim.   Boeing Company Harjit Sajjan sponsored Mark Norman’s replacement makes his public debut  Protesters jam up CANSEC traffic Video Connect With Us Email Alerts Get the latest news in your mailbox as it happens Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Traffic More Local News Local News Driver allegedly impaired by fentanyl, other drugs when Renfrew couple killed in crash Local News Man killed in SUV-transport truck crash Local News Spears: Universities wrestle with how to stop fake science publishers Classified Stories, pictures and tributes to life. View and place obituaries, and more. Share the joy. Tell the world. Read and place announcements here. Buy, sell and trade smarter. Find the job you want in your city. View and place job listings, and more. The faster, fresher and greener way to shop flyers. × Share Sajjan says Boeing is not a trusted partner as Super Hornet dispute escalates Email Twitter Facebook Pinterest Google+ Linkedin News All News Local News Politics +PS Defence Watch The Gargoyle National World Opinion All Opinion Columnists Your Letters Editorials Editorial Cartoons Electoral Reform Business All Business Local Business FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Energy Technology Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Cappies Sports All Sports Local Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Tennis Life All Life Homes Food Style Our Ottawa World of Birds Life Story Health Fashion & Beauty Parenting Relationships Puzzles & Comics Royals Travel Gift Guide © 2017 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Driving Obits Announcements FlyerCity Shopping Careers Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Legal Privacy Terms Copyright & Permissions Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact Us ePaper Digital Access Manage Newsletters Contests Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal Montreal Gazette National Post Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Windsor Star Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your Market account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Market to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email address. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password. 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We didn't recognize the password reset code. Please enter your email below below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Market is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ
    Sign In Account Sign Out Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Home News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide PROFITguide.com Kickstart.am Subscribe Follow Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Home News Sajjan blasts Boeing in defence industry speech over trade spat with Bombardier Sajjan blasts Boeing in defence industry speech over trade spat with Bombardier May 31, 2017 The Canadian Press   0 Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan used a major speech Wednesday to the defence industry to blast American firm Boeing for picking a trade spat with Bombardier. Sajjan said Canada is disappointed by the “unfounded” action by one of its major partners in the defence industry and he delivered that message to hundreds at a breakfast speech at a major trade show for military contractors. Boeing has petitioned the U.S. Commerce Department and the U.S. International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies for Bombardier’s CSeries aircraft that it says have allowed the Canadian company to export planes at well below cost. Sajjan said Boeing is not behaving like a “trusted partner” and the government wants the company to withdraw the complaint. He repeated the Canadian government’s thinly veiled retaliation threat to scrap the planned purchase of 18 Super Hornet fighter jets from the Boeing. “A productive relationship between industry and government is crucial,” the minister said. “That is why our government _ and I stress this _ our government is disappointed in the action of one of our leading industry partners. “We strongly disagree with the decision of the United States Commerce Department to initiate a trade remedy case in response to Boeing’s petition against Bombardier.” Scott Day, a spokesman for Boeing, defended the company’s trade action, suggesting it should not be linked to its military relationship with Canada. “It’s more of a commercial issue with regard to the Bombardier case,” he said. “We’re going to continue working with the U.S. navy, providing information on the Super Hornet that will be provided to the government of Canada.” Day said Boeing operations in Canada account for 14 per cent of the country’s aerospace industry. That includes 560 companies that provide parts to Boeing commercial airplanes and 2,000 company workers in the country. “We value Canada as a supplier-partner.” Sajjan also said the defence policy review that he will unveil next week will be linked to the government’s broader innovation agenda. He said the military wants to help foster a partnership with the defence industry that allows for the development of cutting-edge equipment for Canadian soldiers. Sajjan also made a pitch for the defence industry to help Canada with its broader agenda with the U.S. _ keeping borders open to trade in the face of possible protectionist action by the Donald Trump administration. “We call on all of our industry partners to speak with one voice about the interconnectedness of the defence industry supply chain between Canada and the United States,” Sajjan said. “We need your help in making the clear case of ensuring goods continue to flow freely across our two countries. We need your voices to articulate the consequences should our borders be closed. The government will continue to deliver this same message.” Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Get our daily briefing on innovation, leadership, technology & the economy. Weekdays at 6 AM ET. Learn More » Enter your email to sign up: Easily unsubscribe at any time. Privacy Policy & Terms of Service shares Share: Facebook Email Twitter LinkedIn Advertisement Advertisement    Leave a comment Hide comments Comments are closed. Top Follow us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Resources About Us Contact Us Advertising In-class program Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Subscribe to Canadian Business - Your Source For Business News newsletters Market Wrap The day's key business, market and company news, with analysis and opinion from Canadian Business Online's writers. Delivered each business day. Delivered each business day.† From our partners I would like Canadian Business to send me alerts, event notifications and special deals or information from our carefully screened partners that may be of interest to me.† By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} © 1999-2017 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by wiseguyreports Smart Weapons 2017 Global Market Key Players – The Boeing Company, Lockheed Martin, General Atomics, Kongsberg Gruppen, MBDA, Raytheon Company – Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Smart Weapons Market 2017 In this report, the global Smart Weapons market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Smart Weapons in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Request For Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/869088-global-smart-weapons-market-research-report-2017 Global Smart Weapons market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including The Boeing Company Lockheed Martin General Atomics Kongsberg Gruppen MBDA Raytheon Company AeroVironment Northrop Grumman Denel Dynamics Rheinmetall AG Israel Aerospace Industries General Dynamics Corporation Oculus Systems Ltd Teledyne Scientific Siemens Orbital ATK Rafael Advanced Defense Systems Airbus Textron Inc  On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Satellite Guidance Radar Guidance Infrared Guidance Laser Guidance Other On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Smart Weapons for each application, including Land Based Air Based Sea Based Complete Report Details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/869088-global-smart-weapons-market-research-report-2017 Table of Contents          Global Smart Weapons Market Research Report 2017 1 Smart Weapons Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Smart Weapons 1.2 Smart Weapons Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Smart Weapons Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Smart Weapons Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Satellite Guidance 1.2.4 Radar Guidance 1.2.5 Infrared Guidance 1.2.6 Laser Guidance 1.2.7 Other 1.3 Global Smart Weapons Segment by Application 1.3.1 Smart Weapons Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Land Based 1.3.3 Air Based 1.3.4 Sea Based 1.4 Global Smart Weapons Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Smart Weapons Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Smart Weapons (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Smart Weapons Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Smart Weapons Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) ….. 7 Global Smart Weapons Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 The Boeing Company 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Smart Weapons Product Category, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Product A 7.1.2.2 Product B 7.1.3 The Boeing Company Smart Weapons Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 Lockheed Martin 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Smart Weapons Product Category, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Product A 7.2.2.2 Product B 7.2.3 Lockheed Martin Smart Weapons Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 General Atomics 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.3.2 Smart Weapons Product Category, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Product A 7.3.2.2 Product B 7.3.3 General Atomics Smart Weapons Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.4 Kongsberg Gruppen 7.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.4.2 Smart Weapons Product Category, Application and Specification 7.4.2.1 Product A 7.4.2.2 Product B 7.4.3 Kongsberg Gruppen Smart Weapons Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.5 MBDA 7.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.5.2 Smart Weapons Product Category, Application and Specification 7.5.2.1 Product A 7.5.2.2 Product B 7.5.3 MBDA Smart Weapons Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.6 Raytheon Company 7.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.6.2 Smart Weapons Product Category, Application and Specification 7.6.2.1 Product A 7.6.2.2 Product B 7.6.3 Raytheon Company Smart Weapons Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.7 AeroVironment 7.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.7.2 Smart Weapons Product Category, Application and Specification 7.7.2.1 Product A 7.7.2.2 Product B 7.7.3 AeroVironment Smart Weapons Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.8 Northrop Grumman 7.8.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.8.2 Smart Weapons Product Category, Application and Specification 7.8.2.1 Product A 7.8.2.2 Product B 7.8.3 Northrop Grumman Smart Weapons Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.8.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.9 Denel Dynamics 7.9.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.9.2 Smart Weapons Product Category, Application and Specification 7.9.2.1 Product A 7.9.2.2 Product B 7.9.3 Denel Dynamics Smart Weapons Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.9.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.10 Rheinmetall AG 7.10.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.10.2 Smart Weapons Product Category, Application and Specification 7.10.2.1 Product A 7.10.2.2 Product B 7.10.3 Rheinmetall AG Smart Weapons Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.10.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.11 Israel Aerospace Industries 7.12 General Dynamics Corporation 7.13 Oculus Systems Ltd 7.14 Teledyne Scientific 7.15 Siemens 7.16 Orbital ATK 7.17 Rafael Advanced Defense Systems 7.18 Airbus 7.19 Textron Inc Continued……. Buy This Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=869088 CONTACT US: NORAH TRENT Partner Relations & Marketing Manager sales@wiseguyreports.com www.wiseguyreports.com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK)   CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews Tagsaerospace & defense, Aerospace And Avaiation, Smart Weapons, Smart Weapons Analysis, Smart Weapons Industry, smart weapons market, Smart Weapons Segmentation, Smart Weapons Share, Smart Weapons Size Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Diammonium Phosphate (DAP) Diacetate Market Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price, Cost, Gross Margin Analysis 2016-2021 Next PostNext Dissolved Gas Analyzers Market Analysis, Growth Forecast Analysis by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application to 2021 Search Recent Posts Pharmacy Automation Systems Market is expected to reach a CAGR of 6.7% during 2016 – 2026 PM O’Neill welcomes New World Bank Country Manager for PNG Paediatric Vaccine Market will increase at 14.4% CAGR during 2016-2026 Automotive Repair and Maintenance Services Market Poised to Rake US$ 750 Bn by the End of 2026 Global Cricket Balls Market 2017- Gray-Nicolls, Slazenge, Woodwor, Gunn & Moore, British Cricket Balls Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Store Subscribe RSS Newsletter Advertise Contact Us 100-Year Archive Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Aviation Week Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Technology Aircraft Design Advances in Manufacturing Vertical Flight New Civil Aircraft Leading Edge Program Management Corner Commercial Aviation New Civil Aircraft From the Flight Deck Airline Fleets and Networks Airline Intel Aircraft Interiors Space Commercial Space Space Exploration In Orbit Defense Combat Aircraft Electronic Warfare Air Combat Safety Intelligence, Surveillance & Reconnaissance Vertical Flight Washington Outlook Military Trainers Business Aviation Vertical Flight Inside Business Aviation Purchase Planning Handbook MRO Connected Aerospace Products & Services Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Advertisement Home > AWIN_Commercial > Airlines Get Alternative Inerting-System Suppliers You have access to this content through your organization’s enterprise subscription to the Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN). Would you like to go there now? Your choice will be remembered until you close your browser. No, stay hereYes, go to AWIN Airlines Get Alternative Inerting-System Suppliers May 31, 2017 Sean Broderick | Aviation Daily EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Airlines are on track to meet the FAA-mandated installation of fuel tank flammability-reduction systems by yearend. But reliability issues with the original equipment manufacturer-backed systems are leading an increasing number of carriers to seek alternatives to support their fleet, boosting prospects for several aftermarket suppliers. Among those emerging from the third-party pack is Cobham. The company’s Mission Systems division—once part of Bendix—developed the first ... THIS CONTENT REQUIRES SUBSCRIPTION ACCESS You must have an Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN) account or subscribe to this Market Briefing to access "Airlines Get Alternative Inerting-System Suppliers".   Current Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN) enterprise and individual members: please go to http://awin.aviationweek.com for access.   Not currently a subscriber? Click on the "Learn More" button below to view subscription offers. Learn More Already registered? Log In here. Print Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Airlines Gaining Inerting System Supplier Alternatives Airlines Gaining Inerting System Supplier Alternatives   Inerting System Issues Mean Opportunity For Suppliers 7   Jetaire Bets On Foam To Improve Fuel-Tank Safety 3   Opinion: If Air Rage Is Out Of Control, Ask Management 190   Advertisement Commercial Aviation: Market Briefing A subscription to Aviation Daily is required to access these stories.   FAA May Turn To Congress In Drone-Registration Fight  Garmin Aims High With HUD  Colombia Approves LATAM–American Airlines JV  ‘My Career Just Ended’  Air Astana Resumes Kiev-Astana Service  Intelsat–OneWeb Mega-Merger Scrubbed  Hexcel Looks At Safran-Oriented Composites Provider  Garmin Aims High With HUD    Subscribe Log In Advertisement Advertise with Us   2017 Media Materials Your source for 2016 media kits, editorial planners rates and specs for AW&ST, ATW, B&CA and more! Advertise Sign up to Aviation Week Newsletter Daily analysis on technology advances impacting the global aviation, aerospace & defense industries. Subscribe Advertisement AviationWeek.com Commercial Aviation Business Aviation Defense MRO Space 100-Year Archive Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Site Features Subscribe Newsletters RSS Sitemap Mobile site Aviation Week Network About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Search AviationWeek.com Search: PISCES Penton Corporate Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #BSTech #GST #BSSpecial News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News Wall Street looks set to open higher Wall Street opens higher on gains in healthcare, tech Business Standard Canada says Boeing is trusted partner despite Bombardier dispute Reuters  |  OTTAWA  May 31, 2017 Last Updated at 18:27 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVqUNe ALSO READ ANALYSIS: In Bombardier fight, Boeing sees ghost of Airbus ascent Boeing seeks U.S. anti-dumping probe against Bombardier jet Canada PM says government support for Bombardier is important Boeing wants dumping probe against Canada's Bombardier Bombardier pay hikes spark protests, Trudeau ire OTTAWA (Reuters) - Canada's Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan said on Wednesday that Boeing Co will be a trusted military partner in the decades to come, even though the government has threatened to scrap plans to buy Boeing's fighter jets.. In the prepared text of a speech, Sajjan called on Boeing to abandon an anti-dumping challenge it has launched against Canadian plane maker Bombardier Inc, saying Ottawa was disappointed by the U.S. firm's behavior. Earlier this month, in response to the trade challenge, Canada said it was reviewing the planned purchase of 18 Boeing Super Hornet jets. Boeing accuses Bombardier of selling airliners on the U.S. market at artificially low prices. Sajjan says the Super Hornets are needed as an interim measure until Ottawa can run a competition to replace its ageing fleet of CF-18 fighters. "The interim fleet procurement requires a trusted industry partner. For decades, Boeing has been an outstanding partner with the Canadian Armed Forces ... I expect that to be the case in the decades to come," he said. "However, our government is of the view that their action against Bombardier is unfounded. It is not the behavior we expect of a trusted partner, and we call on Boeing to withdraw it," he continued. (Reporting by David Ljunggren; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama; Editing by Denny Thomas) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Boeing | Bombardier | Canada | Government | Reuters | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Canada says Boeing is trusted partner despite Bombardier dispute OTTAWA (Reuters) - Canada's Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan said on Wednesday that Boeing Co will be a trusted military partner in the decades to come, even though the government has threatened to scrap plans to buy Boeing's fighter jets.. OTTAWA (Reuters) - Canada's Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan said on Wednesday that Boeing Co will be a trusted military partner in the decades to come, even though the government has threatened to scrap plans to buy Boeing's fighter jets.. In the prepared text of a speech, Sajjan called on Boeing to abandon an anti-dumping challenge it has launched against Canadian plane maker Bombardier Inc, saying Ottawa was disappointed by the U.S. firm's behavior. Earlier this month, in response to the trade challenge, Canada said it was reviewing the planned purchase of 18 Boeing Super Hornet jets. Boeing accuses Bombardier of selling airliners on the U.S. market at artificially low prices. Sajjan says the Super Hornets are needed as an interim measure until Ottawa can run a competition to replace its ageing fleet of CF-18 fighters. "The interim fleet procurement requires a trusted industry partner. For decades, Boeing has been an outstanding partner with the Canadian Armed Forces ... I expect that to be the case in the decades to come," he said. "However, our government is of the view that their action against Bombardier is unfounded. It is not the behavior we expect of a trusted partner, and we call on Boeing to withdraw it," he continued. (Reporting by David Ljunggren; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama; Editing by Denny Thomas) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Canada says Boeing is trusted partner despite Bombardier dispute OTTAWA (Reuters) - Canada's Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan said on Wednesday that Boeing Co will be a trusted military partner in the decades to come, even though the government has threatened to scrap plans to buy Boeing's fighter jets.. In the prepared text of a speech, Sajjan called on Boeing to abandon an anti-dumping challenge it has launched against Canadian plane maker Bombardier Inc, saying Ottawa was disappointed by the U.S. firm's behavior. Earlier this month, in response to the trade challenge, Canada said it was reviewing the planned purchase of 18 Boeing Super Hornet jets. Boeing accuses Bombardier of selling airliners on the U.S. market at artificially low prices. Sajjan says the Super Hornets are needed as an interim measure until Ottawa can run a competition to replace its ageing fleet of CF-18 fighters. "The interim fleet procurement requires a trusted industry partner. For decades, Boeing has been an outstanding partner with the Canadian Armed Forces ... I expect that to be the case in the decades to come," he said. "However, our government is of the view that their action against Bombardier is unfounded. It is not the behavior we expect of a trusted partner, and we call on Boeing to withdraw it," he continued. (Reporting by David Ljunggren; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama; Editing by Denny Thomas) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Spółka Greene, Tweed & Co. otrzymuje nagrodę Silver Boeing Performance Excellence Award KULPSVILLE, Pensylwania–(BUSINESS WIRE)–spółka Greene, Tweed & Co. otrzymała nagrodę 2016 Silver Boeing Performance Excellence Award, przyznawaną co roku przez spółkę Boeing najefektywniejszym dostawcom. Aby otrzymać nagrodę, spółka przez okres 12 miesięcy – od października 2015 r. do września 2016 r. – musiała utrzymywać wskaźnik terminowości dostaw na poziomie przynajmniej 98%. „Spółka Greene, Tweed & Co. jest niesamowicie dumna z otrzymania czwartej już nagrody Silver Boeing Performance Excellence Award. Dążymy do osiągania jak najlepszych wyników w oparciu o naszą ofertę innowacyjnych rozwiązań. Właśnie dzięki temu zaangażowaniu, popartemu niezmiennie doskonałą jakością obsługi naszych klientów i wysokim wskaźnikiem terminowości dostaw, udało nam się osiągnąć sukces na wymagającym rynku lotniczym” – oznajmił Gary Appleby, wiceprezes i dyrektor generalny Green, Tweed & Co. Spółka Green, Tweed & Co. jest dostawcą nowoczesnych systemów uszczelnienia i wysokosprawnych termoplastycznych elementów kompozytowych na potrzeby różnych maszyn konstruowanych przez Boeinga. Od ponad 50 lat znajduje się ona w czołówce dostawców z branży lotniczej, a produkowane przez nią elementy wykorzystywane są w ponad 90% maszyn komercyjnych i wojskowych na całym świecie. Greene, Tweed Greene, Tweed (http://www.gtweed.com/) wykorzystuje doświadczenie w zakresie różnych rynków i produktów, aby dostarczać klientom nowatorskie rozwiązania, dzięki którym mogą osiągać zakładane wyniki przy niższych kosztach operacyjnych. Za pośrednictwem swoich działów konstrukcyjnych, obsługowych i sprzedażowych w Ameryce Północnej i Południowej oraz Europie i Azji spółka dostarcza rozwiązania klienckie na całym świecie. Od ponad 50 lat wiedzie ona prym w dziedzinie innowacji, mogąc poszczycić się produktami o światowej renomie, takimi jak Chemraz®, Arlon®, Avalon® i WR® & AR®. Produkty Greene, Tweed & Co. znajdują się w sprzedaży i dystrybucji na całym świecie. Więcej informacji można uzyskać pod numerem +1.215.256.9521 albo na stronie www.gtweed.com. Oficjalną, obowiązującą wersję niniejszego zawiadomienia stanowi tekst oryginalny sporządzony w języku źródłowym. Tekst tłumaczenia służy wyłącznie celom orientacyjnym, został sporządzony wyłącznie dla celów ułatwienia zrozumienia zawiadomienia i należy interpretować go w odniesieniu do tekstu źródłowego, który jest jedyną wersją mającą skutki prawne. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Kessler Topaz – Important Deadline Reminder for Barrick Gold Corporation Shareholders Next PostNext Middle East and Africa Biostimulants Market Forecasts 2017-2022 – Research and Markets Search Recent Posts Pharmacy Automation Systems Market is expected to reach a CAGR of 6.7% during 2016 – 2026 PM O’Neill welcomes New World Bank Country Manager for PNG Paediatric Vaccine Market will increase at 14.4% CAGR during 2016-2026 Automotive Repair and Maintenance Services Market Poised to Rake US$ 750 Bn by the End of 2026 Global Cricket Balls Market 2017- Gray-Nicolls, Slazenge, Woodwor, Gunn & Moore, British Cricket Balls Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Canada: Boeing an ally but Bombardier petition disappointing By Reuters Published: 12:34 EDT, 31 May 2017 | Updated: 13:14 EDT, 31 May 2017 e-mail OTTAWA, May 31 (Reuters) - Canada's defence minister, Harjit Sajjan, said on Wednesday that Boeing Co will be a trusted military ally in decades to come, but that its anti-dumping petition against Bombardier Inc is not behavior expected of a partner. Sajjan called on Boeing to abandon the anti-dumping challenge it has launched against Canadian plane maker Bombardier, saying Ottawa was disappointed by the U.S. company's behavior. Canada has threatened to scrap plans to buy Boeing fighter jets over the dispute. "We have a longstanding relationship with Boeing, and as I stated, we're hoping that this can be resolved in a ... manner that respects everyone," Sajjan told reporters on the sidelines of a defence industry event in Ottawa. Boeing accuses Bombardier of selling airliners in the U.S. market at artificially low prices. In response to Sajjan's request to withdraw the petition, Boeing spokesman Dan Curran said by email that "this is a commercial matter that Boeing is seeking to address through the normal course for resolving such issues." Earlier this month, in response to Boeing's challenge at the U.S. International Trade Commission, Canada said it was reviewing the planned purchase of 18 Boeing Super Hornet jets. . When asked whether Ottawa would scrap the order if Boeing failed to drop its complaint, Sajjan said "we need to let the process take its course." The Super Hornets are needed as an interim measure until Ottawa can run a competition to replace its aging fleet of CF-18 fighters. "The interim fleet procurement requires a trusted industry partner. For decades, Boeing has been an outstanding partner with the Canadian Armed Forces ... I expect that to be the case in the decades to come," he said during a speech. "However, our government is of the view that their action against Bombardier is unfounded. It is not the behavior we expect of a trusted partner, and we call on Boeing to withdraw it." (Reporting by David Ljunggren in Ottawa Additional reporting by Allison Lampert in Montreal; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Matthew Lewis) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry': Tearful Ariana Grande reveals inspirational message mother of bombing victim said to her during Manchester concert PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bradley Cooper is seen cradling his newborn daughter Lea De Seine during stroll with Irina Shayk in LA Proud parents Sugar and spice: Rhian Sugden puts on a busty display in a candy cane swimsuit on holiday in Turkey as she gets intimate with fiancé Oliver Mellor Little Mix are criticised for their 'naked' stage outfits at family-friendly One Love benefit concert Divided opinion with their racy costumes Ariana Grande sparks engagement confusion with a rock on her left hand... as she is supported by boyfriend Mac Miller onstage at One Love Manchester 'I misjudged you': Piers Morgan apologises to 'admirable' Ariana Grande and praises her 'cracking voice'... after criticising her for jetting home following attack 'That was painful': Anthea Turner's ex-husband Grant Bovey told her he 'might' have stayed if they had been able to conceive together... despite FIVE failed bouts of IVF Curves ahead! Courtney Stodden reveals her bountiful bosom as she shimmies in LBD during racy video She's an expert at posting sensual selfies  Penny Lancaster, 47, shows off her famous model figure in a thigh-skimming crochet dress as she soaks up the sun on a yacht in Cannes with Rod Stewart, 72 England ace Raheem Sterling arrives in Jamaica with the stunning model he whisked away 'while his girlfriend was left at home with their baby' Forget something? Bella Thorne wears most daring look yet as she flaunts chest by going BRALESS under sheer top while out in LA That'll get his attention Pregnant Charlotte Church shows off her mum-to-be figure in fishnets and knee-high boots as she hits the stage AGAIN in tiny pants Liam Gallagher makes surprise appearance at One Love concert in Manchester... but fans are left disappointed as brother Noel doesn't join for Oasis reunion 'Love conquers fear and love conquers hate': Katy Perry sends a poignant message as she dresses in angelic all-white at One Love Manchester concert Justin Bieber is brought to tears as emotional One Love Manchester gig cracks his tough exterior onstage Heart-wrenching 'I was out of control': Louise Thompson flaunts her fit figure... as she reveals she's quit drinking for 'zen' life after 'jumping from one relationship to the next' 'Grow up!': Kim Kardashian RIPS Caitlyn Jenner's new memoir... as Kourtney claims Bruce borrowed money from her in KUWTK teaser Khloe Kardashian jets out of LA as her basketball beau Tristan Thompson prepares for big game in Oakland Radiated glamour and celeb status 'Cut her legs off, she crawls right back to me': Tyga seemingly mocks ex Kylie Jenner in new single Playboy Something for the ex-girlfriend? 'I missed my family and friends': Michelle Keegan cuts her 30th birthday cake as she's spoiled by Our Girl cast... while Mark Wright parties in Magaluf  What a pair! Kendall Jenner and Hailey Baldwin show off their trim figures in leggings in NYC Kendall, 21, went casual, Hailey smart Coldplay's Chris Martin is brought to his knees in emotionally-charged duet of Don't Look Back In Anger with Ariana Grande at Manchester gig Braless pop star Miley Cyrus praises 'role model' Ariana Grande as she puts on a leggy performance at inspiring One Love fundraiser Joined Pharrell onstage Robbie Williams finally reunites with Take That onstage - but NOT for a song - as both acts take the stage at Ariana Grande's One Love Manchester gig Will.i.am insists he MEANT to say hello to London at One Love gig as he hits back after awkwardly mistaking Manchester for the capital twice 'As a father, this has made me truly sad': Family man David Beckham pays tribute to his 'home' Manchester as he sends video to One Love gig Fergie spends family time in LA as Black Eyed Peas rock One Love Manchester without her The group took the stage to wow the crowd Keeping the faith! Selena Gomez keeps it casual in a hoodie and cropped jeans as she attends trendy Hillsong Church NYC Put romance aside Bella Hadid slips her impressively slim figure into racy cut-out swimsuit as she smoulders in another high profile sports campaign Hollywood's most eligible single! Jennifer Garner looks lovely as she takes baked goods to church... after it's claimed Affleck is already 'dating' The First couples Ivanka and Jared and Donald and Melania turn heads in their black-tie attire as they head to the Ford's Theatre Gala hand-in-hand with Jared Putting in the work! Hot and sweaty Kaley Cuoco is red-faced as she leaves LA gym after Sunday workout session Snapped leaving a fitness facility  'Happy Sunday everybody!!' Jennifer Lopez shares Instagram snap with Alex Rodriguez and children in pool Happy families Sophie Ellis-Sex-tor! Hitmaker dresses in uncharacteristically racy negligee to perform at Mighty Hoopla festival Murder On The Dancefloor singer Making them green with envy! Cynthia Nixon, 51, cuts a chic figure in lime frock at Drama Desk Awards She wore a green and grey frock 'I'm not afraid': Ashley James heads to Might Hoopla festival in rock-chic attire... as she shares her defiance against London attack Bold display Louisa Johnson flashes her toned midriff in sporty cropped tee and TINY denim hotpants as she parties the day away at the Mighty Hoopla festival  Bra-vo: Fleur East steals show at London festival in very revealing red fishnet blouse and tartan kilt ensemble Former X Factor runner-up Holding on to her man! Makeup-free Milla Jovovich is chic in big glasses as she giggles with husband Paul W.S. Anderson Cute twosome Showing her stripes (and abs): Single Olivia Munn flaunts her impressive stomach in crop top at LAX Strutted into Los Angeles International Airport  Dirty girl! Emily Ratajkowski allows a female friend to put mud on her bare bottom during trip to hot springs while enjoying Italian vacation 'I've been crying so much today': Pregnant Erin McNaught reveals her 'overwhelming deep sadness' after the London terror attacks Overwhelming sadness Spencer Matthews enjoys a laidback weekend with friends... while his bikini-clad girlfriend Vogue Williams lives it up in Marbella Time apart Coronation Street's Brooke Vincent indulges in a cigarette and a glass of rosé as she celebrates her 25th birthday with a knees-up in Manchester Genetically blessed family! Fergie rocks all-black outfit as she and Josh Duhamel take son Axl, three, to church Out for a family day as a threesome Leggy Laura Whitmore looks festival-ready in a plunging blouse and tiny shorts at Mighty Hoopla event Dared to show off more skin Britain's got talent, but there wasn't much in the BGT final: Claudia Connell reviews last weekend's TV  Summed up Saturday night's lacklustre viewing 'First official pool day!': Katherine Heigl matches her swimsuit to her lawn umbrella as she enjoys a relaxing Sunday with husband Josh What happened to her lips? Khloe Kardashian shows off a massive pout as she stuns in Snapchat image taken in her car Plump pout Underwear-free Lindsay Lohan dazzles in a thigh-skimming gold dress as she celebrates socialite BFF Hofit Golan's birthday Commanding attention Back to the family! Scott Disick enjoys Calabasas outing with Mason and Penelope... after partying with bikini babes in Europe Reunited Dean Gaffney's, 39, girlfriend Rebekah Ward, 23, goes braless in a summer top as they head home from British Soap Awards after he teases his soap return Hoping to join her? Hailey Baldwin flaunts toned tum in an Adidas sports bra... days after gal pal Kendall Jenner is named brand ambassador 'Barn life': Kristin Cavallari slips into her Daisy Dukes as she takes her family to feed chickens in the country Three kids Camden Jaxon and Saylor She has a sizzling Ora! Rita sends the temperature soaring as she flaunts her cleavage and toned waist in skimpy bikinis for VERY saucy beachwear shoot That's a stretch! Bethenny Frankel, 46, bends over backwards while showing off fit bod in new yoga photo Real Housewives Of New York City star   Is that you, Seal? Sonia Kruger shares incredible flashback snap of the singer with dreadlocks before he shaved his head in 1994 Who's that guy? They made a pretty girl! Daughter of Eddie Murphy and Nicole looks stunning in white as she hits Women Of Excellence Awards Gala in LA 'I had so much anxiety': Kim Zolciak reveals coping with son's ferocious dog attack got to her as she takes her family on bikini vacation Pippa Middleton and James Matthews return to civilisation after three days spotting crocodiles and kangaroos at a 'luxury wild bush' resort on whirlwind honeymoon The one lesson I've learned from life: Singer Corinne Bailey Rae on why we should all help others more Grammy award-winning British singer Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy 'will watch her mother give birth to twins so she doesn't feel left out' Want their five-year-old daughter Blue Ivy there SPOILER ALERT: Jack Branning breaks down as he prepares to give up stepson Matthew to Charlie Cotton as EastEnders tease sad farewell Cleaning up his act? Freshly shaven Tiger Woods is pictured for the first time since he was arrested for DUI while 'on four prescription pills' Rugby WAG Camilla Kerslake shows off her svelte figure in a pink and cream striped jumpsuit as she joins glamorous guests at restaurant event Back to school! Katie Holmes says she's 'excited' about having enrolled in Harvard University's Business Of Entertainment program Off-duty Lily Donaldson puts her feet up as she enjoys cocktails with a mystery male companion in Portofino A low key outing A hair-raising look! Gwen Stefani steps out in bizarre cropped trench coat with tulle finish for church trip with her kids Family time Hilar-ious: Hilary Duff rocks geek chic glasses while having a laugh with a friend after brunch in New York City The 29-year-old strolled with a friend Kendall Jenner reveals a little TOO much as she goes braless in a semi-sheer corset dress while strolling through New York Attention-grabbing Legs out for The Weeknd! Selena Gomez oozes sex appeal in two clingy thigh-skimming dresses as she enjoys night out in New York Third time's a charm? Dragon's Den star Duncan Bannatyne, 68, marries fiancee Nigora Whitehorn, 38, at intimate beach ceremony in Portugal Bonding time! Ashley Benson and Shay Mitchell match in black as they enjoy girls' night out with Pretty Little Liars creator while leaving a restaurant Keeping it brief! Leggy Kendall Jenner accidentally flashes her UNDERWEAR in leafy green mini-dress at star-studded Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic Siren... with a heart! Ariel Winter models white tank top as she speaks out against testing on animals She takes time out for causes she believes in 'Take a picture while we joking': Jay Z caught faking candid photo with Kevin Hart... but comedian insists 'it came out dope as hell' Staging a photo Yellow fever! Rhian Sugden puts on an eye-popping display in a tiny canary bikini in Turkey... and jokingly poses in belly dancing outfit with fiancé Oliver Mellor The morning after the night before: Make-up free Coronation Street star Lucy Fallon looks sheepish after looking worse for wear at British Soap Awards afterparty Spanish fashion designer David Delfin dies at age 46 after battle with cancer Delfin 'was one of the most charismatic designers in Spain' The graduate! Eva Longoria receives honorary degree from Knox College... then treats herself to a Dairy Queen dessert Honorary degree They could be sisters! Reese Witherspoon glows in floral dress as she poses next to 'best friend forever' Shannon Rotenberg Bright and beautiful  Ariana Grande's brother Frankie meets fans as he arrives at Old Trafford cricket ground ahead of the star-studded benefit concert in aid of Manchester terror attack victims Love is blind! Single KUWTK star Jonathan Cheban wears statement shirt in Beverly Hills after splitting from Anat Popovsky last year Mommy and me! Minnie Driver goes makeup-free with stylish hat as she takes her son Henry shopping in Malibu Family outing New father Shayne Ward goes arm-in-arm with girlfriend Sophie Austin at British Soap Awards five months after birth of their baby New parents Jacqueline Jossa and Dan Osborne are glued to their phones inside British Soap Awards... but Catherine Tyldesley and Faye Brookes can't stop gossiping 'It's been a heartbreaking time': Coronation Street actress Catherine Tyldesley pays tribute to the Manchester bombing victims with symbolic bee clutch bag Love Island's Olivia Buckland threatens to spill out of her skimpy bikini top... as she packs on the PDA with fiancé Alex Bowen during getaway to Cape Verde Not her usual style! Nicole Kidman wears a mustard yellow sports jersey as she watches a hockey match with husband Keith Urban PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Welcome to my world! Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn enjoy their morning coffee as she takes him home to Nashville 'Missing my pink hair!': Kylie Jenner shares flashback photo with a snake... after sister Kendall possibly outed the teen as a smoker Raheem Sterling, 22, 'jetted off to Jamaica with model, 23, a day after taking teenage PC World worker back to his hotel after shisha bar date' Absolutely quacked! Guy Ritchie and Tom Hardy 'storm out of Chinese restaurant after they're denied Peking Duck dish'  Restaurant row Still going strong! Balthazar Getty poses with wife Rosetta and kids at Chrysalis Ball... as it's been nearly 10 years since Sienna Miller affair Happy anniversary! Lindsay Price and Curtis Stone beam at Chrysalis Ball as they prepare to celebrate four years of marriage Tied the knot in 2013 Eric Dane makes first public appearance after break to cope with depression as he joins wife Rebecca Gayheart and kids at Chrysalis Ball His biggest fan! Gavin Rossdale, 51, is supported by stunning new love interest Sophie Thomalla, 27, as he rocks out on stage in Las Vegas 'She has no idea how anyone got hold of them': Corrie's Kym Marsh 'upset and shocked after intimate photos were leaked online ahead of British Soap Awards triumph' 'We have spoken about it': Liam Payne, 23, reveals he and girlfriend Cheryl, 33, plan to expand family... as he admits fatherhood has 'changed' him Bust have been a good night! Scott Disick cuddles up to a topless beauty as he enjoys a raucous evening with woman number NINE during trip to London Catherine Tyldesley leads eye-popping style in sizzling slinky floor-length gown alongside Nikki Sanderson and Stephanie Waring at the British Soap Awards Pianist Tokio Myers is crowned the winner of BGT after being inspired to enter by 'big sister' Amy Winehouse... as he beats child magician Issy Simpson in final 'Deeply uncomfortable viewing': BGT viewers are outraged by child comic Ned Woodman, 9, as he savages the judges and stars in action-packed final  'Is she getting married?' BGT's Amanda Holden shocks viewers AGAIN with bridal inspired gown as Alesha Dixon puts on a VERY leggy display 'The money has gone to her head': Pirates of the Caribbean star Kaya Scodelario 'REFUSES to pay for sick grandmother in Brazil' Looking bow-tiful: Ashley James puts on a leggy display in a monochrome mini dress at the British Soap Awards after party Braless Lottie Moss shows off her model figure in a plunging floral knotted crop top and matching shorts as she lunches with her mother in Chelsea Geordie Shore star Marnie Simpson flashes her legs in a colourful minidress as she continues her book signing tour in Sheffield 'F*** them all': Alec Baldwin defends Kathy Griffin in a series of tweets and insists 'no one believes you intended to threaten Trump' 'Internet shopping like a self-pity fiend': Lena Dunham reveals how she's coping after endometriosis treatment as she's spotted in PAJAMAS Make-up free Chloe Khan shows off her plump pout as she strips off to flaunt her pert derriere during chilled out beach day in Barbados 'It's been incredible fun!' Thomas Cocquerel discusses playing the 'incredibly complex' Hollywood star Errol Flynn in new biopic Nothing but praise 'Today was a good day': Former Bachelorette Trista Sutter posts loved-up snap with husband Ryan after suffering a scary seizure in Croatia Looking good in her Blue Jeans! Lana Del Rey cuts a casual cool figure in black polo with skinny trousers while out in LA Emmerdale sweeps the board at the British Soap Awards 2017 with SIX gongs including Best Soap as EastEnders go home virtually empty handed 'I'm going home to my family': Katie Price looks shaken as she is escorted out of G-A-Y nightclub after cancelling performance in wake of London terror attack 'I don't give two ****s!' Defiant Tina Malone, 54, confirms surrogacy plans after revealing ambitions for third child... and she will CHOOSE the sex of baby Coronation star Lucy Fallon appears worse for wear following the British Soap Awards afterparty after losing out on Best Actress gong  Cher joins mourners as 'Ramblin Man' Greg Allman is laid to rest in the same cemetery he used to write songs 'She was standing there and I fell in love with her': Willie Aames reveals the incredible story of meeting his pen friend of 30 YEARS, Winnie Hung, who became his wife Richard Branson pays for hen party who were chucked off a flight because they were wearing 'B****es on tour' T-shirts to go on 'dream holiday' to Las Vegas David and Victoria Beckham are 'ripping out' their £5 million country estate... because 'the roof colours don't match' Princess Charlene exudes glamour in scarlet lipstick as she turns out to support Lycra-clad husband Prince Albert for water bike challenge in Nice Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk leave the baby at home for a low-key date night in Santa Monica Issy Simpson, eight, scolds Ant McPartlin after he gets the magician's name wrong during Britain's Got Talent final 'My marriage was a Greek tragedy': Prince Charles's astonishing hand-written letters to Nancy Reagan reveal his anguish over his split from Diana  Prince Harry tucks into a traditional iftar feast of porridge and dates with young Singaporeans to celebrate the breaking of the fast during Ramadan Girl done good! Natalie Portman 'snaps up $6.5million four bedroom Santa Barbara mansion with 10.4 acres of land and stunning views of the Pacific' Lionel Richie's bassist Ethan Farmer 'hospitalised after he repeatedly stabbed himself following a horrific reaction to marijuana-filled snacks' Giggly Keri Russell glows in a summery peplum skirt and white top as she attends Polo event with long-term partner Matthew Rhys Heavily pregnant Chelsee Healey cradles her baby bump in clingy scarlet jumpsuit as she rocks the red carpet at the British Soap Awards 2017 Sealed with a kiss! Strictly champ Ore Oduba and his wife Portia pack on PDA as they can't keep their hands off each other at the British Soap Awards  Something getting you down? Eastenders actress Jacqueline Jossa looks stony-faced at the British Soap Awards afterparty with fiancé Dan Osborne Chained to the rhythm! Katy Perry will perform at The Voice Australia grand final as she returns Down Under for Witness concert tour Live shows have begun GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Pippa's new husband breaks with posh tradition by donning a wedding ring Unlike other high-society husbands Amy Childs shows off her slender post-baby body in chic blouse and skinny jeans as she cradles newborn baby Polly on morning stroll New mum 'Men and religion are worthless': Bette Midler speaks out as stars from Ariana Grande to Khloe Kardashian support London terror attack victims 'You just proved how powerful music is': Alesha Dixon bursts into tears as the Missing People Choir leave the judges overwhelmed in Britain's Got Talent final Girls' vacation! Kourtney Kardashian opens up her photo album as she shares flashback snaps from roadtrip with Kim and Khloe 'That's the fun part!' Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles buys her grandchildren 'drum sets'... to 'get my kids back' Tearful Kym Marsh dedicates her Best Female Dramatic Performance win at the British Soap Awards 2017 to her late son Archie  'This one's for you, angel': Zoe Ball returns to Radio 2 for the first time since her lover was found dead by dedicating to him the song Do I Love You (Indeed I Do) 'You're in with a shot tonight': Simon Cowell praises MerseyGirls as they wow at BGT final... and confirms he'll fund £78,000 life-changing spine surgery for teen dancer Julia Carlile Khloe Kardashian's Good American fashion line hits back at accusations from independent designer that reality star copied her work Stunning in Soho! Selena Gomez shows off her toned stomach in a crop top and high-waisted jeans as she spends the day with friends Who is Ruairi Luke? Meet the busty Australian model who was spotted partying TOPLESS with Scott Disick and another man on a London balcony in the early hours  Stunning in silver! Halle Berry, 50, wows in sequined dress with matching jacket for the Chrysalis Butterfly Ball The diet worked! Molly Sims flaunts her svelte frame on date night after ten-week bikini after baby plan Just do it! Bella Hadid embraces a sporty look as she flaunts her midriff in Nike sports bra with coordinating bottoms Top of the crops Busted! Kendall Jenner shares photo of sister Kylie holding a cigarette while bragging about photography skills The 21-year-old stunner is enjoying life GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Lady Mary partied so hard at Noel Gallagher's epic 50th birthday party she has been bedridden ever since It was a two-day rave Who IS the murderer on the Orient Express? The line-up of suspects from the new eagerly anticipated film based on Agatha Christie's novel Coronation Street's Lucy Fallon dazzles in a plunging peach gown at Soap Awards... after leaving Corrie viewers 'heartbroken' with grooming storyline 'Brunettes have fun too!' Paris Hilton ditches her blonde locks for a brown wig as she plays dress up on Snapchat She switched up her game 'No hair, no makeup, no nothing': Jennifer Lopez, 47, looks half her age in bare-faced glimpse at her pre-show ritual Natural Shop til you drop! Sofia Vergara looks effortlessly elegant in slim floral pants as she hits the shops in Beverly Hills Broadway star Laura Bell Bundy marries longtime love Thom Hinkle in country themed nuptials at horse track Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Spółka Greene, Tweed & Co. otrzymuje nagrodę Silver Boeing Performance Excellence Award May 31, 2017 12:23 PM Eastern Daylight Time KULPSVILLE, Pensylwania--(BUSINESS WIRE)--spółka Greene, Tweed & Co. otrzymała nagrodę 2016 Silver Boeing Performance Excellence Award, przyznawaną co roku przez spółkę Boeing najefektywniejszym dostawcom. Aby otrzymać nagrodę, spółka przez okres 12 miesięcy - od października 2015 r. do września 2016 r. - musiała utrzymywać wskaźnik terminowości dostaw na poziomie przynajmniej 98%. „Spółka Greene, Tweed & Co. jest niesamowicie dumna z otrzymania czwartej już nagrody Silver Boeing Performance Excellence Award. Dążymy do osiągania jak najlepszych wyników w oparciu o naszą ofertę innowacyjnych rozwiązań. Właśnie dzięki temu zaangażowaniu, popartemu niezmiennie doskonałą jakością obsługi naszych klientów i wysokim wskaźnikiem terminowości dostaw, udało nam się osiągnąć sukces na wymagającym rynku lotniczym” - oznajmił Gary Appleby, wiceprezes i dyrektor generalny Green, Tweed & Co. Spółka Green, Tweed & Co. jest dostawcą nowoczesnych systemów uszczelnienia i wysokosprawnych termoplastycznych elementów kompozytowych na potrzeby różnych maszyn konstruowanych przez Boeinga. Od ponad 50 lat znajduje się ona w czołówce dostawców z branży lotniczej, a produkowane przez nią elementy wykorzystywane są w ponad 90% maszyn komercyjnych i wojskowych na całym świecie. Greene, Tweed Greene, Tweed (http://www.gtweed.com/) wykorzystuje doświadczenie w zakresie różnych rynków i produktów, aby dostarczać klientom nowatorskie rozwiązania, dzięki którym mogą osiągać zakładane wyniki przy niższych kosztach operacyjnych. Za pośrednictwem swoich działów konstrukcyjnych, obsługowych i sprzedażowych w Ameryce Północnej i Południowej oraz Europie i Azji spółka dostarcza rozwiązania klienckie na całym świecie. Od ponad 50 lat wiedzie ona prym w dziedzinie innowacji, mogąc poszczycić się produktami o światowej renomie, takimi jak Chemraz®, Arlon®, Avalon® i WR® & AR®. Produkty Greene, Tweed & Co. znajdują się w sprzedaży i dystrybucji na całym świecie. Więcej informacji można uzyskać pod numerem +1.215.256.9521 albo na stronie www.gtweed.com. Oficjalną, obowiązującą wersję niniejszego zawiadomienia stanowi tekst oryginalny sporządzony w języku źródłowym. Tekst tłumaczenia służy wyłącznie celom orientacyjnym, został sporządzony wyłącznie dla celów ułatwienia zrozumienia zawiadomienia i należy interpretować go w odniesieniu do tekstu źródłowego, który jest jedyną wersją mającą skutki prawne. Contacts Greene, Tweed & Co. Chris Aldred Dział marketingu Numer do biura: +1-267-932-5389 e-mail: caldred@gtweed.com Contacts Greene, Tweed & Co. Chris Aldred Dział marketingu Numer do biura: +1-267-932-5389 e-mail: caldred@gtweed.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to sidebar News National More Defence minister says Boeing’s complaint about Bombardier means it’s no longer a ‘trusted partner’ David Pugliese, Ottawa Citizen  05.31.2017 The Liberal government announced earlier this year a plan to purchase "interim" Super Hornets form Boeing. Minister of National Defence Harjit Sajjan rises during Question Period in the House of Commons on Parliament Hill, Friday, April 7, 2017 in Ottawa. The Boeing F-18 Super Hornet performs during its demonstration flight, on the first day of the 47th Paris Air Show in Le Bourget, north of Paris on June 18, 2007. ShareAdjustCommentPrint Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan suggested Wednesday that Boeing, the U.S. aerospace firm from whom the government is considering purchasing billions of dollars worth of fighter jets, can no longer be considered a trusted partner. And though he stopped short of cancelling the Liberal government’s plan to purchase 18 Super Hornet fighters from Boeing, Sajjan said company has damaged its relationship with Canada. Boeing has complained to the U.S. government that Canadian aerospace firm Bombardier is receiving subsidies, allowing it to sell its C-Series aircraft at below-market prices. Boeing convinced the U.S. Commerce Department and International Trade Commission to launch an investigation into Bombardier. “It is not the behaviour of a trusted partner,” Sajjan told industry representatives Wednesday at the CANSEC defence trade show in Ottawa. He called on Boeing to withdraw its complaint, saying Canada requires “trusted industry partners.” Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland also recently chastened Boeing for its actions. But industry representatives consider Sajjan’s dressing down of the company in such a high-profile forum unprecedented. The Liberals are now reviewing the Super Hornet jet proposal and whether they should continue with it. “We are continuing our discussions with the U.S. government and we continue to do that,” Sajjan said. Canada, however, is no longer talking to Boeing officials. Canada has not yet signed the deal to acquire the Super Hornets. It was expected to do so by the end of this year or early next. If it proceeds, the Super Hornet purchase is expected to cost between $5 billion and $7 billion.  It is now unclear when the deal might proceed, or if it will be scuttled if Boeing does not withdraw its complaint against Bombardier. Other aerospace firms are in the wings ready to offer Canada new aircraft, including Lockheed Martin with its F-35 fighter jet. Sajjan said Canada has had a good relationship with Boeing over the decades but is now reviewing all procurement with that company. The defence minister’s dig at Boeing comes as the U.S. firm prepares to announce its industry team members for the Super Hornet interim fighter jet project. That announcement is expected to come at CANSEC on Thursday. On Wednesday the Boeing team used the defence industry trade show to highlight the company’s long-term commitment to Canada. The U.S. investigation into Bombardier will examine the dumping of commercial aircraft into the U.S. market. “The U.S. market is the most open in the world, but we must take action if our rules are being broken,” U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said in a statement after the hearing into Boeing’s claim. • Email: dpugliese@postmedia.com | Twitter: davidpugliese Comments We encourage all readers to share their views on our articles and blog posts. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion, so we ask you to avoid personal attacks, and please keep your comments relevant and respectful. If you encounter a comment that is abusive, click the "X" in the upper right corner of the comment box to report spam or abuse. We are using Facebook commenting. Visit our FAQ page for more information. x Share Defence minister says Boeing’s complaint about Bombardier means it’s no longer a ‘trusted partner’ Email Twitter Facebook Pinterest Google Linkedin Video Today's National News Best of Postmedia B.C. dog lovers looking abroad for rescue petsWhen he was found outside a convenience store in a seaside village in Hua Hin, Thailand, the dog was a pitiful, mangy bag of fur and bones with a rusted collar around his neck. He had two mangled front legs and his days on the streets were numbered.  Today, Bones, as named by his rescuers, is […] Ed Willes: Alexander gives Lions a token of gratitude for shot to shineKAMLOOPS — Frank Alexander is a 6-5, 275-pound defensive lineman who was a fourth-round pick in the National Football League draft and spent three seasons with the Carolina Panthers. Before that, he played four years at Oklahoma where he was voted the Big 12’s co-defensive player of the year and made the All-Conference team in […] Mike Smyth: Will Clark take defeat with dignity or try a last-minute trick?Columnist Mike Smyth comments on the next steps in B.C.'s unfolding political drama. Columnists Ian Mulgrew: Mining firm's SLAPP at environmental protest to get public airingA landmark provincial defamation case that scrutinizes big business’s use of SLAPP suits to suppress... Vaughn Palmer: Horgan could be B.C. premier by early JulyWhile wheels were set in motion this week for transition to a new government, it is still not clear ... Vaughn Palmer: Horgan's Hydro dealings promise to be riveting power playThough NDP Leader John Horgan still has to clear a hurdle or two before becoming premier, he’s already... Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy
Monday, June 5, 2017  |  Ramadan 10, 1438 Business Things to do today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Sign In Edit Profile Sign Out UAE World Business Sport Arts & Life Opinion Blogs Personal Finance Aviation Banking Economy Energy The Life Markets Media Property Retail Technology Telecoms Travel & Tourism U.S. Navy Super Hornets leave after receiving fuel from a KC-135 Stratotanker. Canada is reconsidering an order for the fighter jets from Boeing but says the firm remains a close partner. AP / US air force, Staff Sgt Shawn Nickel Boeing still Canada’s friend despite Bombardier spat May 31, 2017 Updated: May 31, 2017 06:51 PM Related Boeing dogfight with Bombardier goes to next level Plane maker Bombardier’s chairman bows to pressure and quits Embraer’s biggest ever jet takes to skies ahead of schedule Bombardier says business jet sales set to rebound Related Boeing dogfight with Bombardier goes to next level Plane maker Bombardier’s chairman bows to pressure and quits Embraer’s biggest ever jet takes to skies ahead of schedule Bombardier says business jet sales set to rebound Canada’s defence minister Harjit Sajjan said on Wednesday that Boeing will be a trusted military partner in the decades to come, even though the government has threatened to scrap plans to buy Boeing’s fighter jets. In the prepared text of a speech, Mr Sajjan called on Boeing to abandon an anti-dumping challenge it has launched against Canadian plane maker Bombardier, saying Ottawa was disappointed by the US firm’s behaviour. Earlier this month, in response to the trade challenge, Canada said it was reviewing the planned purchase of 18 Boeing Super Hornet jets. Boeing accuses Bombardier of selling airliners on the US market at artificially low prices. Mr Sajjan said the Super Hornets were needed as an interim measure until Ottawa can run a competition to replace its ageing fleet of CF-18 fighters. "The interim fleet procurement requires a trusted industry partner. For decades, Boeing has been an outstanding partner with the Canadian Armed Forces … I expect that to be the case in the decades to come," he said. "However, our government is of the view that their action against Bombardier is unfounded. It is not the behavior we expect of a trusted partner, and we call on Boeing to withdraw it," he continued. * Reuters business@thenational.ae Follow The National’s Business section on Twitter Pages: Add your comment View all comments More Aviation Extended travel ban on electronic devices likely to hit demand for EU and US carriers Emirates shows a clean pair of heels on jet cleaning Executive travel: Business class experience in economy while on Emirates flight to Budapest More turbulence ahead for loss-making Air India MOST VIEWED Business | All Emirates shows a clean pair of heels on jet cleaning Statement saying GFH Financial Group pulling out of merger talks with Shuaa Capital removed from bourse site More turbulence ahead for loss-making Air India Executive travel: Business class experience in economy while on Emirates flight to Budapest Extended travel ban on electronic devices likely to hit demand for EU and US carriers Need a plumber or a handyman? These online service shops have the answer New Dubai mom worried about visa deadline for newborn; Abu Dhabi resident has expired passport Oil producing Gulf to gain from US-China solar row F&B outlet space in UAE set to grow and beat global average Robin Mills: Climate villain stuck on 1950s economic vision More Most Viewed Qatar needs to address its policy contradictions Shah Rukh Khan fumes over Ramez Galal’s Ramadan TV prank Dubai Ruler meets Queen Elizabeth at Epsom Derby - in pictures Woman ‘embezzles Dh11m to buy luxury gifts to woo potential boyfriend’ Dubai Ruler hosts iftar reception for UAE leaders - in pictures Emirates shows a clean pair of heels on jet cleaning Baby rescued from burning flat in Dubai Lions and dangerous snakes among exotic animals confiscated in Sharjah Qatar should stop funding terrorism, says leading opposition figure More Most Viewed Back to the top EDITOR'S PICKS The Debt Panel: Philip King on avoiding the debt trap – video The Debt Panel: Gaurav Bhalla on helping people manage their debt – video Where Abu Dhabi rents have risen and fallen, Q1 2017 – in pictures Where Dubai rents have risen and fallen, Q1 2017 – in pictures FOLLOW US Tweets by @TheNationalUAE SPOTLIGHT Haftar’s forces establish control in southern Libya New Dubai mom worried about visa deadline for newborn; Abu Dhabi resident has expired passport Switch to Mobile Site About us Contact us Work with us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Advertise with us Subscribe Sitemap super.ae alittihad.ae thenational.ae anazahra.com ngalarabiya.com adtv.ae adradio.ae admedia.ae
Global Aerospace Titanium Fasteners Market: Key Regions and Forecasts by Technavio Technavio has published a new report on the global aerospace titanium fasteners market from 2017-2021. (Photo: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Technavio has published a new report on the global aerospace titanium fasteners market from 2017-2021. (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail May 31, 2017 11:03 AM Eastern Daylight Time LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--The global aerospace titanium fasteners market is expected to grow at a CAGR of almost 7% during the forecast period, according to Technavio’s latest market research. In this market research report, Technavio covers the market outlook and growth prospects of the global aerospace titanium fasteners market for 2017-2021. The market is further categorized into two application segments comprising of military aerospace and commercial aerospace, of which the military aerospace segment accounted for more than 61% of the market share in 2016. “With the transformation of the aerospace industry, titanium fasteners have evolved to be prominently used in the aircraft manufacturing and assembly processes. These systems play a significant role in defining the design philosophy, longevity, and structural integrity of a number of aircraft metallic structures,” says Avimanyu Basu, a lead aerospace components research expert from Technavio. Technavio’s research analysts segment the global aerospace titanium fasteners market into the following regions: Americas EMEA APAC Aerospace titanium fasteners market in the Americas The Americas is home to few of the world's most renowned commercial aircraft and business jet manufacturers, which include Boeing, Bombardier, Gulfstream, and Embraer. Companies such as Boeing often engage in R&D projects with the manufacturers of aerospace fasteners. The US is making substantial investments in producing advanced fastening systems, which will be integrated across modern fighter jets and MEA such as Boeing 787. North America extensively invests in aerospace titanium fasteners, and thus generates a very high demand for these fastening systems. Although, Brazil and Canada make some investments in the development of these fastening systems, yet the market is primarily dominated by the US. This report is available at a USD 1,000 discount for a limited time only: View market snapshot before purchasing Buy 1 Technavio report and get the second for 50% off. Buy 2 Technavio reports and get the third for free. Aerospace titanium fasteners market in EMEA Europe has been at the forefront of commercial aviation innovations, particularly with the recent nanotechnology-based innovations depicting the lightweight and energy-efficiency characteristics for metal-based components. This presents a number of opportunities for the local manufacturers and stakeholders of aerospace fasteners. It develops advanced aerospace fasteners by unifying metallurgy with aeronautical excellence. Although the European aviation sector is growing at a slower rate than in emerging economies, the region had a total of 4,610 commercial aircraft in 2015. In the next 20 years, these aircraft will be replaced by 7,570 aircraft. Similarly, due to a significant growth in passenger traffic, the Middle East is likely to have more than 3,310 aircraft deliveries by 2035. The growth in this region is provided primarily by the top four airlines, namely Emirates, Qatar, Etihad, and Saudia, which together account for 63% of the Middle East airlines market. “The demand for aerospace titanium fasteners is anticipated to increase in proportion with the growth in aircraft fleet,” says Avimanyu. Aerospace titanium fasteners market in APAC The market in APAC is expected to witness steady growth during the forecast period owing to an increase in number of new aircraft and growing passenger traffic. Significant economic growth during 2011-2016, has resulted in several new airline companies coming into service in the region. In addition, major aircraft manufacturers such as Airbus and Boeing too, are expected to set up manufacturing facilities in this region. Moreover, India and China, have initiated the planning and development of the fifth and sixth-generation fighter aircraft programs, such as the Tejas, Chengdu J-20, and the Shenyang J-31. Such initiatives will call for the increased development and procurement of titanium fasteners for both commercial and military aerospace. The top vendors in the global aerospace titanium fasteners market as highlighted in this market research analysis are: Alcoa B&B Specialties Cherry Aerospace LISI AEROSPACE Browse Related Reports: Global Precision Runway Monitoring (PRM) System Market 2017-2021 Global Aviation Actuation System Market 2017-2021 Global Airport Walkway Market 2017-2021 Become a Technavio Insights member and access all three of these reports for a fraction of their original cost. As a Technavio Insights member, you will have immediate access to new reports as they’re published in addition to all 6,000+ existing reports covering segments like space, aerospace, and defense. This subscription nets you thousands in savings, while staying connected to Technavio’s constant transforming research library, helping you make informed business decisions more efficiently. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, re-sellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. Contacts Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media & Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com Release Summary The global aerospace titanium fasteners market is expected to grow at a CAGR of almost 7% during the forecast period, according to Technavio’s latest market research. #Hashtags #Research #Technavio #aerospacetitaniumfasteners #AerospaceComponents Contacts Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media & Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Aerospace Titanium Fasteners Market: Key Regions and Forecasts by Technavio LONDON–(BUSINESS WIRE)–The global aerospace titanium fasteners market is expected to grow at a CAGR of almost 7% during the forecast period, according to Technavio’s latest market research. In this market research report, Technavio covers the market outlook and growth prospects of the global aerospace titanium fasteners market for 2017-2021. The market is further categorized into two application segments comprising of military aerospace and commercial aerospace, of which the military aerospace segment accounted for more than 61% of the market share in 2016. “With the transformation of the aerospace industry, titanium fasteners have evolved to be prominently used in the aircraft manufacturing and assembly processes. These systems play a significant role in defining the design philosophy, longevity, and structural integrity of a number of aircraft metallic structures,” says Avimanyu Basu, a lead aerospace components research expert from Technavio. Technavio’s research analysts segment the global aerospace titanium fasteners market into the following regions: Americas EMEA APAC Aerospace titanium fasteners market in the Americas The Americas is home to few of the world’s most renowned commercial aircraft and business jet manufacturers, which include Boeing, Bombardier, Gulfstream, and Embraer. Companies such as Boeing often engage in R&D projects with the manufacturers of aerospace fasteners. The US is making substantial investments in producing advanced fastening systems, which will be integrated across modern fighter jets and MEA such as Boeing 787. North America extensively invests in aerospace titanium fasteners, and thus generates a very high demand for these fastening systems. Although, Brazil and Canada make some investments in the development of these fastening systems, yet the market is primarily dominated by the US. This report is available at a USD 1,000 discount for a limited time only: View market snapshot before purchasing Buy 1 Technavio report and get the second for 50% off. Buy 2 Technavio reports and get the third for free. Aerospace titanium fasteners market in EMEA Europe has been at the forefront of commercial aviation innovations, particularly with the recent nanotechnology-based innovations depicting the lightweight and energy-efficiency characteristics for metal-based components. This presents a number of opportunities for the local manufacturers and stakeholders of aerospace fasteners. It develops advanced aerospace fasteners by unifying metallurgy with aeronautical excellence. Although the European aviation sector is growing at a slower rate than in emerging economies, the region had a total of 4,610 commercial aircraft in 2015. In the next 20 years, these aircraft will be replaced by 7,570 aircraft. Similarly, due to a significant growth in passenger traffic, the Middle East is likely to have more than 3,310 aircraft deliveries by 2035. The growth in this region is provided primarily by the top four airlines, namely Emirates, Qatar, Etihad, and Saudia, which together account for 63% of the Middle East airlines market. “The demand for aerospace titanium fasteners is anticipated to increase in proportion with the growth in aircraft fleet,” says Avimanyu. Aerospace titanium fasteners market in APAC The market in APAC is expected to witness steady growth during the forecast period owing to an increase in number of new aircraft and growing passenger traffic. Significant economic growth during 2011-2016, has resulted in several new airline companies coming into service in the region. In addition, major aircraft manufacturers such as Airbus and Boeing too, are expected to set up manufacturing facilities in this region. Moreover, India and China, have initiated the planning and development of the fifth and sixth-generation fighter aircraft programs, such as the Tejas, Chengdu J-20, and the Shenyang J-31. Such initiatives will call for the increased development and procurement of titanium fasteners for both commercial and military aerospace. The top vendors in the global aerospace titanium fasteners market as highlighted in this market research analysis are: Alcoa B&B Specialties Cherry Aerospace LISI AEROSPACE Browse Related Reports: Become a Technavio Insights member and access all three of these reports for a fraction of their original cost. As a Technavio Insights member, you will have immediate access to new reports as they’re published in addition to all 6,000+ existing reports covering segments like space, aerospace, and defense. This subscription nets you thousands in savings, while staying connected to Technavio’s constant transforming research library, helping you make informed business decisions more efficiently. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, re-sellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Dutch Boy® Paints Debuts Platinum® Plus 100% Acrylic Interior Paint + Primer with Stain-Shield Technology Next PostNext HealthFitness Announces New Partnership with Fusionetics Search Recent Posts Pharmacy Automation Systems Market is expected to reach a CAGR of 6.7% during 2016 – 2026 PM O’Neill welcomes New World Bank Country Manager for PNG Paediatric Vaccine Market will increase at 14.4% CAGR during 2016-2026 Automotive Repair and Maintenance Services Market Poised to Rake US$ 750 Bn by the End of 2026 Global Cricket Balls Market 2017- Gray-Nicolls, Slazenge, Woodwor, Gunn & Moore, British Cricket Balls Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
399938 3497 sfoglia le notizie Newsletter Chi siamo METEO Milano Roma Torino Napoli ◄ ► SEGUI IL TUO OROSCOPO Menù Immediapress Home Fatti Cronaca Politica Esteri Regioni e Province Video News Tg AdnKronos Soldi Finanza Economia Euro Fondi News Italia Economia Lavoro Norme Dati Sindacato Professionisti Previdenza Start up Made in Italy Cerco lavoro Multimediale Salute Sanità Medicina Farmaceutica Doctor's Life Salus tg Salus tv Sport Risultati Live calcio Gol Serie A Gol Coppa Italia Cultura Musei On Line Musa TV Intrattenimento Spettacolo Rotocalco Automotive Weekend Magazine Speciali Benessere Cybernews Moda Meteo Turismo Sostenibilità Risorse World in Progress Tendenze Csr In Pubblico In Privato Best Practices Appuntamenti Normativa Dalla A alla Z Focus Professioni Prometeo TV Immediapress Agricoltura e Allevamento Alimentazione Ambiente Architettura e Edilizia Arredamento e Design Auto e Motori Chimica e Farmacia Cultura e Tempo Libero Economia e Finanza Energia Formazione e Lavoro Ict Meccanica Media e Pubblicita Moda Politica e PA Salute e Benessere Sport Terzo Settore Trasporti e Logistica Turismo PR Newswire Multimedia Video News Tg AdnKronos Fotogallery Salus TG Salus TV Rotocalco AdnKronos – Governo Informa Musa TV Italia Economia Prometeo TV Gastronomia Automotive Weekend Audio News GrAudio AKI Politica Economia Sicurezza Cultura e Media Religione Agricoltura e Allevamento Alimentazione Ambiente Architettura e Edilizia Arredamento e Design Auto e Motori Chimica e Farmacia Cultura e Tempo Libero Economia e Finanza Energia Formazione e Lavoro Ict Meccanica Media e Pubblicita Moda Politica e PA Salute e Benessere Sport Terzo Settore Trasporti e Logistica Turismo PR Newswire Home . Immediapress . Trasporti e Logistica . Hainan Airlines unveils third Kung Fu Panda-themed plane as part of collaboration with DreamWorks Animation Hainan Airlines unveils third Kung Fu Panda-themed plane as part of collaboration with DreamWorks Animation TRASPORTI E LOGISTICA Tweet Condividi su WhatsApp Pubblicato il: 31/05/2017 12:47 The plane featuring a design by young American designer Hannah Foss takes its inaugural flight, in celebration of the Chinese airline's 24 th anniversary BEIJING, May 31, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- A Hainan Airlines' Dreamliner, adorned with Po, the main character in the Kung Fu Panda film, and the famous panda's friends, took off on the inaugural flight for its new service HU7181, from Haikou to Beijing, on the morning of May 29, 2017. As the Chinese airline's third Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner in the fleet to receive the "King Fu Panda" makeover, the eye-catching yellow-colored airplane started its maiden flight to the cheers of the crowd. The flight carried a special passenger, Hannah Foss, a young designer from the state of Alaska. When Hannah Foss submitted her "Kung Fu Panda"-themed Dreamliner design last September, she was one of nearly 3,000 online entries that all shared the same dream: To have their design painted on a real-life, Hainan Airlines Boeing 787 Dreamliner. That dream started several months ago when Hainan, Boeing and DreamWorks announced a partnership that would include the introduction of six specially-painted Dreamliners over the next two years, featuring characters and scenes from the popular animated franchise. "I have loved painting and designing since I was a child. I have designed a dinosaur exhibition for a museum and depicted the Northern lights around the Arctic Circle in my artwork. But I never thought that my design would be painted on a plane someday. It feels amazing! This is the first time that I have come to China, taken a Boeing Dreamliner and witnessed the process of the painting of a plane. I really appreciate these "firsts" that Hainan Airlines has offered to me," Ms. Foss said as part of a speech she gave over the plane's announcement system during which she shared her thrilling story with the over 200 passengers on the flight. "This is an exceptional journey for me, giving many Americans like myself the opportunity to learn about Hainan Airlines and better understand the distinguished Chinese company's idea of cherishing every person's dream in addition to its ongoing commitment to fulfilling dreams." Hannah grew up in Adelaide, South Australia and moved to Alaska in 2008.    Some of her adventures include spending several years as a paleontological artist, CGI-animating a couple of museum films, constructing a 16-ft long dinosaur puppet called Snaps, eating tasty muktuk, snow-machining on the Chukchi Sea and meeting a polar bear. In addition to having her design painted on a Dreamlinerand to be part of this amazing journey, Hannah won two round-trip, business class tickets to China, as well as a weeks' accommodations at a luxury hotel. The "Kung Fu Panda" story is deeply rooted in traditional Chinese culture and history. Hannah's design wove together popular characters like Po and Tigress, with traditional Chinese "chops" and a painted sunrise. The design was awarded the top prize based on its originality, creativity, humor, its reflection of Chinese culture, and its wow factor. When Hannah's design is painted onto the new Dreamliner, the airplane will fly several of Hainan's more than 40 nonstop routes between China and North America. It will join two other specially painted airplanes, the first of which touched down at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport last year. That airplane carried over 100 students and teachers from Lincoln High School in Tacoma, WA, who were returning from a life-changing, 11-day trip to China. Hainan Airlines is proud to partner with DreamWorks and Boeing to bring the "Kung Fu Panda" franchise to Hainan's elite service and premier experience. Look forward for more partnerships like this in the future, and be sure to keep an eye out for #TheFlyingPanda throughout our North American network! Hainan Airlines has continued with its strategy of working hand-in-hand with the Chinese government's One Belt, One Road initiative as part of its overall plan to aggressively expand its presence in international markets. Nevertheless, despite the complexities of operating in the highly competitive international markets, the airline has never wavered from its original set of goals of consistently combining the brand's unique Oriental hospitality with modern service standards, a concept which is embodied in the Kung Fu Panda planes. The airline has promoted its image in the global aviation market through the cooperation with DreamWorks, demonstrating the newfound stature of Chinese companies on the world stage while allowing travelers everywhere to gain a better understanding of Chinese culture and its richness.     Photo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/517732/3rd_Kung_Fu_Panda_themed_plane.jpgPhoto - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/517733/Hannah_Foss.jpgPhoto - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/517731/Hannah_Foss_with_crew.jpg   Tweet Condividi su WhatsApp TAG: Immediapress, comunicati, aziende informano, press release Commenti Per scrivere un commento è necessario registrarsi ed accedere: ACCEDI oppure REGISTRATI Il rifornimento in volo 'mozza il fiato' Cerca Notizie Più Cliccate 1. Milano choc, sesso in strada in pieno giorno 2. Malore durante rapina, banditi soccorrono direttrice Poste 3. Real campione d'Europa: Juve travolta 4-1 4. Napoli, 50enne freddato in strada davanti a moglie e figlio 5. Ilva, c'è una nuova offerta Video Nuovo test per la tavola volante di Franky Zapata Gb, Ecco 'cheeserolling' la folle corsa dalla collina Il rifornimento in volo 'mozza il fiato' Baby elefante orfano 'scortato' dal branco Roma, rapina farmacia con fucile da sub: arrestato Stan, il robot autonomo che parcheggia l'auto Ecco il filtro ammazza batteri Modena, volontari salvano piccolo 'cerbiatto' 'Ndrangheta, il baciamano al boss dopo l'arresto In Evidenza Esperti, nuove prospettive di cura per l'ipoparatiroidismo /Video Asco 2017, super Pc Watson si dimostra alleato nella lotta al cancro Il sistema aeroportuale italiano: cardine e protagonista dello scenario socio-economico del Paese Asi e Unicef uniti in progetto Scuola per portare 'Fair play' tra ragazzi /Video Prevenire è meglio che curare: quanto ne siamo consapevoli quando parliamo di animali? Gli italiani e le merendine Nel primo trimestre del 2017 +18,5% di occupati tramite agenzia Milano, in Triennale la meraviglia del corpo umano tra arte e scienza /Video Al museo Explora di Roma il riciclo della plastica è a misura di bambino /Video Confagricoltura, focus su ambiente e lavoro Aism, Settimana Nazionale della Sclerosi Multipla Tech Care: una maratona per “hackerare” la sclerosi multipla La sindrome dell’intestino irritabile: tra complessità terapeutiche, innovazione e sostenibilità BNL Wired Next Fest 2017 A Roma l'Assemblea nazionale di Federmanager La Bpco non 'viaggia' mai sola, più malattie complicano la gestione delle cure FT Circular Economy Summit Italiani bocciati all'interrogazione di asma, per 1 su 2 si guarisce Il sogno prima della retribuzione, così i Millennials valutano le aziende Spaces sbarca in Italia e punta su Milano per business community /Video Regolamento europeo sulla protezione dei dati Bologna Award 2017, premio internazionale per la sostenibilità agroalimentare Continental partecipa a salone Autopromotec di Bologna Trainline, italiani più felici la domenica sera se hanno viaggiato nel weekend /Video Al Policlinico Gemelli di Roma 'La gestione del paziente con Emofilia A Acquisita' Creative Mornings, colazione e talk per condividere talenti e creatività La crociera? La vacanza più trendy per i giovani viaggiatori Lifting senza bisturi con una 'mappa' del volto, tecnica dal Brasile Nordic Tales fa tappa a San Lazzaro di Savena, camminata contro la sclerosi multipla ‘Diritti in Salute’ di Altroconsumo Al via la campagna di sensibilizzazione 'Chirurgia senza brivido' 'Nei panni' dei malati di spondilite anchilosante, al via campagna di informazione /Video Fisioanalisi, dalla giusta postura l’evoluzione umana Incontro con il Gse sui certificati bianchi, aperte le iscrizioni ai soci Fire Tonno Callipo una storia che arriva dal mare   Seguici 399938 3497 Fatti Soldi Lavoro Salute Sport Cultura Intrattenimento Magazine Sostenibilità Immediapress Multimedia AKI Chi siamo Palazzo dell'Informazione © 2014 GMC S.A.P.A. di G.P. Marra - Piazza Mastai, 9 - 00153 Roma partita IVA 01145141006 - codice fiscale e Registro Imprese di Roma 02981990589 copyright - disclaimer - privacy - gruppo adnkronos - contatti - archivio - cookie
Home Italia Economia Politica Esteri Spettacoli Personaggi Sport Salute Altro Libero Shopping Libero TV Libero Edicola METEO Pubblica Fullscreen Cerca newsletter Carrello Svuota Vai alla cassa Home Italia Economia Politica Esteri Spettacoli Personaggi Sport Salute Altro Home / Comunicati Immediapress comunicati Hainan Airlines unveils third Kung Fu Panda-themed plane as part of collaboration with DreamWorks Animation 31 Maggio 2017 0 - BEIJING, May 31, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- A Hainan Airlines' Dreamliner, adorned with Po, the main character in the Kung Fu Panda film, and the famous panda's friends, took off on the inaugural flight for its new service HU7181, from Haikou to Beijing, on the morning of May 29, 2017. As the Chinese airline's third Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner in the fleet to receive the "King Fu Panda" makeover, the eye-catching yellow-colored airplane started its maiden flight to the cheers of the crowd. The flight carried a special passenger, Hannah Foss, a young designer from the state of Alaska. When Hannah Foss submitted her "Kung Fu Panda"-themed Dreamliner design last September, she was one of nearly 3,000 online entries that all shared the same dream: To have their design painted on a real-life, Hainan Airlines Boeing 787 Dreamliner. That dream started several months ago when Hainan, Boeing and DreamWorks announced a partnership that would include the introduction of six specially-painted Dreamliners over the next two years, featuring characters and scenes from the popular animated franchise. "I have loved painting and designing since I was a child. I have designed a dinosaur exhibition for a museum and depicted the Northern lights around the Arctic Circle in my artwork. But I never thought that my design would be painted on a plane someday. It feels amazing! This is the first time that I have come to China, taken a Boeing Dreamliner and witnessed the process of the painting of a plane. I really appreciate these "firsts" that Hainan Airlines has offered to me," Ms. Foss said as part of a speech she gave over the plane's announcement system during which she shared her thrilling story with the over 200 passengers on the flight. "This is an exceptional journey for me, giving many Americans like myself the opportunity to learn about Hainan Airlines and better understand the distinguished Chinese company's idea of cherishing every person's dream in addition to its ongoing commitment to fulfilling dreams." Hannah grew up in Adelaide, South Australia and moved to Alaska in 2008.    Some of her adventures include spending several years as a paleontological artist, CGI-animating a couple of museum films, constructing a 16-ft long dinosaur puppet called Snaps, eating tasty muktuk, snow-machining on the Chukchi Sea and meeting a polar bear. In addition to having her design painted on a Dreamlinerand to be part of this amazing journey, Hannah won two round-trip, business class tickets to China, as well as a weeks' accommodations at a luxury hotel. The "Kung Fu Panda" story is deeply rooted in traditional Chinese culture and history. Hannah's design wove together popular characters like Po and Tigress, with traditional Chinese "chops" and a painted sunrise. The design was awarded the top prize based on its originality, creativity, humor, its reflection of Chinese culture, and its wow factor. When Hannah's design is painted onto the new Dreamliner, the airplane will fly several of Hainan's more than 40 nonstop routes between China and North America. It will join two other specially painted airplanes, the first of which touched down at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport last year. That airplane carried over 100 students and teachers from Lincoln High School in Tacoma, WA, who were returning from a life-changing, 11-day trip to China. Hainan Airlines is proud to partner with DreamWorks and Boeing to bring the "Kung Fu Panda" franchise to Hainan's elite service and premier experience. Look forward for more partnerships like this in the future, and be sure to keep an eye out for #TheFlyingPanda throughout our North American network! Hainan Airlines has continued with its strategy of working hand-in-hand with the Chinese government's One Belt, One Road initiative as part of its overall plan to aggressively expand its presence in international markets. Nevertheless, despite the complexities of operating in the highly competitive international markets, the airline has never wavered from its original set of goals of consistently combining the brand's unique Oriental hospitality with modern service standards, a concept which is embodied in the Kung Fu Panda planes. The airline has promoted its image in the global aviation market through the cooperation with DreamWorks, demonstrating the newfound stature of Chinese companies on the world stage while allowing travelers everywhere to gain a better understanding of Chinese culture and its richness.     Photo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/517732/3rd_Kung_Fu_Panda_themed_plane.jpgPhoto - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/517733/Hannah_Foss.jpgPhoto - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/517731/Hannah_Foss_with_crew.jpg   Condividi le tue opinioni su Libero Quotidiano Testo Caratteri rimanenti: 400 I video standard Panico a Torino durante la partita, la piazza diventa una trappola   Terrore a Londra, attacchi nella notte: sangue e orrore in strada   Attentato a Londra, panico al pub: la gente si rifugia sotto i tavoli   "Quanti soldi faccio con la droga": il fesso si vanta su Facebook, arrestato in diretta   i più letti standard L'eco-menzogna più grande Zichichi, la bomba su Trump: "Ha ragione lui. E la Terra..."   "Un mare di fuoco, come Hiroshima, la catastrofe" Kim, le prove della mattanza   Toh, guardate un po' dove nuota questa "risorsa": foto-vergogna, così umilia gli italiani / Guarda   sondaggi Secondo voi la Juve, dopo la sconfitta in finale di Champions...? Vota subito! Appendino, ieri sera doveva stare a Cardiff o a Torino? Vota subito! media standard Il vestito di Kate Middleton in vendita: una cifra impressionante   Attarversa parlando al cellulare, l'orrore per strada: l'impatto spaventoso   Gregoraci, tacchi sul tavolo e il vestito va giù: tsunami erotico   Il (toccante) addio degli astronauti allo spazio: come si congedano   La bestia: come riduce questa ragazza, davanti al figlio   La Buccino esce dall'acqua e svela il seno, così   Renzi se la ride? Al Colle ha appena umiliato Gentiloni   Sri Lanka, 20 balene spiaggiate a causa del ciclone Mora   Buongiorno? Non proprio: si sveglia e trova un orso sulla veranda    Colpo Milan: si chiama Irene. Sapete di chi è la fidanzata?    Nato, la festa per i 50 anni della base di Brunssum con il generale Farina e il Re d'Olanda   Elettra Lamborghini fuori controllo: baci lesbo, seno nudo, in doccia e...   Bionde, molto sexy, in posa. Il "dettaglio": la foto diventa virale   "Sesso con 20 poliziotti, ma loro...": la biondina li umilia in tribunale    La super-star dello sport (italiana) si spoglia: fisico pazzesco, lato B da leggenda. Chi è?   Sfoglia l'edizione Acquista l'edizione IL TUO QUOTIDIANO DOVE E QUANDO VUOI Note informative Contatti Pubblicità Credits Libero TV Libero Shopping Libero Edicola Editoriale Libero S.r.l. - Sede Legale: Viale Luigi Majno 42, 20129 Milano - Registro Imprese di Milano: C.F. e P.IVA 06823221004 - R.E.A.  Milano n. 1690166 Cap. Soc. € 400.000,00 i.v. - Tutti i diritti riservati - ISSN (sito web): 2531-6370
Greene, Tweed, premiada con el Silver Boeing Performance Excellence Award May 31, 2017 10:13 AM Eastern Daylight Time KULPSVILLE, Pensilvania--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Greene, Tweed & Co. ha recibido el Silver Boeing Performance Excellence Award 2016 de Boeing Company, que entrega anualmente el premio en reconocimiento a los proveedores que han mostrado una excelente capacidad de distribución. Para poder ser premiado con este galardón, Greene, Tweed ha mantenido al menos una entrega puntual de un 98%, durante un periodo de operación de 12 meses, desde octubre de 2015 a septiembre de 2016. "Greene, Tweed está muy orgulloso de recibir el Silver Boeing Performance Excellence Award por cuarta vez", confirma Gary Appleby, vicepresidente y director general de la división aeroespacial de Greene, Tweed. "Nos esforzamos por conseguir un excelente rendimiento con nuestra innovadora cartera de soluciones y este compromiso está respaldado por una sólida excelencia en el servicio de atención al cliente y una distribución puntual, que han sido clave para nuestro éxito en el exigente mercado aeroespacial". Greene, Tweed suministra sistemas de sellado avanzado y componentes compuestos termoplásticos de alto rendimiento para una variedad de programas de aeronaves de Boeing. Greene, Tweed ha sido líder en el sector aeroespacial durante más de 50 años, y sus componentes se utilizan en más del 90% de los aviones militares y comerciales del mundo. About Greene, Tweed Greene, Tweed optimiza su experiencia en una variedad de mercados y productos para ofrecer a los clientes soluciones innovadoras para hacer frente a los retos de rendimiento y reducir el coste total de operación. Con equipos de ingeniería, ventas y soporte en todo el continente americano, en Europa y en Asia, Greene, Tweed ofrece soluciones a aplicaciones de clientes a escala mundial. Durante más de 150 años, Greene, Tweed ha estado a la vanguardia de la innovación y está orgulloso de ofrecer productos líderes, incluidos Chemraz®, Arlon®, Avalon®, y WR® & AR®, que se venden en todo el mundo. Los productos de Greene, Tweed se venden y distribuyen en todo el mundo. Para más información, llame al +1 215-256-9521 o visite nuestro sitio web www.gtweed.com. El comunicado en el idioma original, es la versión oficial y autorizada del mismo. La traducción es solamente un medio de ayuda y deberá ser comparada con el texto en idioma original, que es la única versión del texto que tendrá validez legal. Contacts Greene, Tweed & Co. Chris Aldred Marketing corporativo Office: +1-267-932-5389 caldred@gtweed.com Contacts Greene, Tweed & Co. Chris Aldred Marketing corporativo Office: +1-267-932-5389 caldred@gtweed.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Monday 5 Jun 2017 / Tehran - 09:00 / GMT - 04:30 Old FNA Old FNA                 Advanced Search Ar  | En  | Fa  | Tr Home Politico-Defense Politics  - Foreign Policy  - Defense  - Nuclear   Economy Society & Culture Society  - Sport  - Culture  - Art  - Life Style   Sci-Tech Space  - Nano  - Medicine  - Technology  - Earth   World Interviews & Commentaries Interviews  - Commentaries   Multimedia Photo  - Video   All Stories Economy http://fna.ir/BAYIQE Wed May 31, 2017 6:52 Official: Any Restriction on Sales of Passenger Planes to Iran Violates N. Deal Tweet TEHRAN (FNA)- Head of the Public Relations at Iran's Civil Aviation Organization Reza Jafarzadeh warned Washington that any restriction on Tehran's purchase of passenger planes would violate the 2015 nuclear deal. "Any restriction on the sales of airplanes to Iran violates the nuclear deal by the US," Jafarzadeh said on Wednesday. Stressing that the European governments do not agree with imposition of restrictions on the sales of passenger planes to Iran, he said that they will not allow the US to do so because the interests of their companies will be at risk. On Tuesday, the Iranian government warned the foreign states and companies which have signed contracts to sell passenger planes to Tehran of the country's reciprocal moves if the other parties defy their undertakings. "If any measure is taken in violation of the contract to purchase planes, we will reciprocate," Government Spokesman Mohammad Baqer Nobakht told reporters in his weekly press conference in Tehran. His remarks came after US Secretary of Treasury Steven Mnuchin announced last week that the department is reviewing licenses for Boeing and Airbus to sell aircraft to Iran, telling lawmakers he would increase sanctions pressure on Iran. Mnuchin did not elaborate on the review of the licenses, which were issued under a 2015 agreement between Tehran and world powers to lift sanctions in return for curbs on Iran’s nuclear activities. The review suggests that Trump’s support for Boeing’s defense and jetliner businesses could have political limits. Iran has said that halting the airplane deals would breach the 2015 nuclear agreement. For Boeing, losing the Iran Air deal could affect 777 production, since 15 of the wide-body jetliners are included in the first approved batch of Boeing aircraft due for delivery to Iran Air by 2020. Deliveries start in May next year. Boeing said in December it would cut 777 output by 40% this year under plans that include Iran Air’s still-tentative order. Iran's National Flag Carrier, Iran Air, has agreed to buy 200 US and European passenger aircraft worth up to $37 billion at list prices, though such deals typically include big discounts. They include 80 jets from Boeing, 100 from Airbus and 20 turboprops from Franco-Italian ATR. All the aircraft need US licenses because of their reliance on US parts. Meantime, Managing Director of Iran Air Farhad Parvaresh announced late in March that the giant aviation company Airbus has delivered the third passenger plane to the country. "The third Airbus, an A330, landed at Tehran's Mehrabad airport," Parvaresh said at the time. He noted that the A330 plane which has 32 business class and 206 economy class seats is suitable for long-distance flights.         Related News Iran Issues Stern Warning over Passenger Planes Contracts  LATEST STORIES (8) Syrian Army Controls 22 Villages, Farms near Maskan in Eastern Aleppo Homs: Army Forces Claim More Territory in Syria's Desert Iraqi Volunteer Forces Capture Ba'aj West of Mosul from ISIL Iraqis Leave Zanjili Neighborhood as Security Forces Continue Fighting ISIL in Western Mosul Iraqi Popular Forces Continue Pounding ISIL with Rockets in Syrian Border Region Syria: Army Soldiers Recapture Maskana's Water Pumping Station in Eastern Aleppo 7 Dead, 48 Injured in London Attacks Damascus: Inside Syrian Army's Tank Factory US-Backed Militants Take Control of Syria's 3rd largest Dam as Kurds Allow ISIL to Withdraw from Raqqa Syrian Soldiers Expel ISIL from Aleppo; Maskana Freed Envoy: Iran to Continue Supporting Syria in Anti-Terror Fight Iran Condemns Terrorist Attack in UK Iran Warns Against Terrorist Plots to Undermine Security in Region Iran: Paris Deal Withdrawal Shows US Irresponsibility Towards Int'l Community Dara'a: Syrian Army Kills Tens of Al-Nusra Terrorists, 3 Commanders Syrian Army Controls 22 Villages, Farms near Maskan in Eastern Aleppo TEHRAN (FNA)- Syrian army managed to capture 22 villages and farms near Maskana and eventually forced the ISIL terrorists to retreat from its last stronghold in Aleppo province, the town of Maskana, towards Raqqa province. [VIDEO] Homs: Army Forces Claim More Territory in Syria's Desert TEHRAN (FNA)- The Syrian army continued anti-ISIL operations in Eastern Homs, advancing in more areas towards Tadmur (Palmyra) and the province's oil fields and retaking control of several points. [VIDEO] Iraqi Volunteer Forces Capture Ba'aj West of Mosul from ISIL TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraq's Popular Forces captured the town of Ba'aj and its vicinity from the ISIL terror group, further shrinking the Northern region under their control as part of a comprehensive campaign to retake the city of Mosul. [PHOTOS] Iraqis Leave Zanjili Neighborhood as Security Forces Continue Fighting ISIL in Western Mosul TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraqi families left the Zanjili neighborhood in Western Mosul, as security forces continue offensive to retake the city from ISIL terrorists. [PHOTOS] Iraqi Popular Forces Continue Pounding ISIL with Rockets in Syrian Border Region TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraqi Popular Forces continue pounding ISIL positions in border regions with Syria and managed to fully liberate al-Ba’aj District in Nineveh Province from the grip of the terrorist group. [VIDEO] Syria: Army Soldiers Recapture Maskana's Water Pumping Station in Eastern Aleppo TEHRAN (FNA)- The Syrian Army troops continued their advances against ISIL near Lake Assad in Eastern Aleppo, and seized control over the Maskana's water pumping station before capturing the town of Maskana hours later. [VIDEO] 7 Dead, 48 Injured in London Attacks TEHRAN (FNA)- Seven people were killed and dozens more injured as three knife-wielding assailants sped across London Bridge in a white van, ramming numerous pedestrians, before emerging with large hunting knives for a stabbing spree in the capital’s Borough Market, a popular and crowded night spot. [PHOTOS] Damascus: Inside Syrian Army's Tank Factory TEHRAN (FNA)- Syrian engineers and workers mount the repaired engines of army tanks and military vehicles at a workshop of a plant for repairing and rebuilding armored vehicles in Damascus. [PHOTOS] US-Backed Militants Take Control of Syria's 3rd largest Dam as Kurds Allow ISIL to Withdraw from Raqqa TEHRAN (FNA)- The predominately Kurdish Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) continued the fourth phase of their Euphrates Rage Operation in Raqqa province and managed to take control of al-Ba'ath dam, the third largest water reservoir in the country. Syrian Soldiers Expel ISIL from Aleppo; Maskana Freed TEHRAN (FNA)- The Syrian army captured the strategic town of Maskana as the last ISIL stronghold in Aleppo province. Envoy: Iran to Continue Supporting Syria in Anti-Terror Fight TEHRAN (FNA)- Iranian Ambassador to Damascus Javad Torkabadi renewed his country's support for the Syrian government and nation against terrorist and extremist groups. Iran Condemns Terrorist Attack in UK TEHRAN (FNA)- Iranian Foreign Ministry Spokesman Bahram Qassemi condemned the Saturday's terrorist attack in London. Iran Warns Against Terrorist Plots to Undermine Security in Region TEHRAN (FNA)- Iranian Foreign Ministry Spokesman Bahram Qassemi warned against the rising terrorist attacks aimed at undermining regional security. Iran: Paris Deal Withdrawal Shows US Irresponsibility Towards Int'l Community TEHRAN (FNA)- Iranian Foreign Ministry Spokesman Bahram Qassemi underlined that a sudden decision by US President Donald Trump to pull his country out of the Paris agreement on climate change shows Washington's lack of accountability towards the international community. Dara'a: Syrian Army Kills Tens of Al-Nusra Terrorists, 3 Commanders TEHRAN (FNA)- The Syrian army continued it military operations against Al-Nusra Front (also known as Fatah al-Sham Front or the Levant Liberation Board) in Dara'a province, killing tens of terrorists, including several senior commanders. ﻿ ﻿ Sections Home World Politico-Defense Interviews Economy Multimedia Society & Culture All Stories Sci-Tech About us Contact us Fars News Agency Fars News Agency. All rights reserved 2017 ©
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Hamilton Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg News Weather National Video Contests Traffic TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos TV Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local News Weather National Video Contests Traffic Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Canada May 31, 2017 10:28 am Harjit Sajjan blasts Boeing over trade spat By Mike Blanchfield The Canadian Press ; What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen OTTAWA – Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan used a major speech Wednesday to the defence industry to blast American firm Boeing for picking a trade spat with Bombardier. Sajjan said Canada is disappointed by the “unfounded” action by one of its major partners in the defence industry and he delivered that message to hundreds at a breakfast speech at a major trade show for military contractors. Boeing has petitioned the U.S. Commerce Department and the U.S. International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies for Bombardier’s CSeries aircraft that it says have allowed the Canadian company to export planes at well below cost. WATCH: ‘There will be consequences’ for Boeing, says Freeland   Story continues below Sajjan said Boeing is not behaving like a “trusted partner” and the government wants the company to withdraw the complaint. He repeated the Canadian government’s thinly veiled retaliation threat to scrap the planned purchase of 18 Super Hornet fighter jets from Boeing. “A productive relationship between industry and government is crucial,” the minister said. “That is why our government — and I stress this — our government is disappointed in the action of one of our leading industry partners. “We strongly disagree with the decision of the United States Commerce Department to initiate a trade remedy case in response to Boeing’s petition against Bombardier.” Sajjan also said the defence policy review that he will unveil next week will be linked to the government’s broader innovation agenda. READ MORE: Court filings show why Boeing filed complaint against Bombardier He said the military wants to help foster a partnership with the defence industry that allows for the development of cutting-edge equipment for Canadian soldiers. Sajjan also made a pitch for the defence industry to help Canada with its broader agenda with the U.S. — keeping borders open to trade in the face of possible protectionist action by the Donald Trump administration. READ MORE: Chrystia Freeland promises consequences for Boeing amid aerospace trade spat “We call on all of our industry partners to speak with one voice about the interconnectedness of the defence industry supply chain between Canada and the United States,” Sajjan said. “We need your help in making the clear case of ensuring goods continue to flow freely across our two countries. We need your voices to articulate the consequences should our borders be closed. The government will continue to deliver this same message.” Report an error Boeing Boeing Bombardier Bombardier Bombardier Inc. Harijit Sajjan Boeing Harjit Sajjan Superhornets Canada Trade Editor's Picks Politics Donald Trump's Paris pull-out would put Justin Trudeau, Canadian businesses on alert, critics warn Money New GDP numbers could be bad news for Canadians with debt Canada Who wins and who loses in Ontario's decision to raise minimum wage to $15 an hour? BC election 2017 'Is John Horgan B.C.'s premier now?' And other questions, answered Canada Ontario vs. Alberta smackdown: Which will lead Canadian growth this year? Lifestyle What is sologamy and why are women doing it? Politics Canada won't stop sharing intelligence with the U.S. – but should they? FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Want to discuss? Please read our Commenting Policy first. Popular Now Brits find comic relief in images of man calmly clutching pint after London attacks 3477 Donald Trump on London attack: 'this bloodshed must end, this bloodshed will end' 1271 Huge crowds converge in Portland for Donald Trump rally, protest 903 This family of 4 is travelling the world on business class through travel rewards 416 B.C. woman identified as Canadian who died in London terror attack 344 Sponsored content Popular Videos New issues raised about new home occupancy in another Ontario community WATCH NOW Viewer Video: Tornado seen near Three Hills, Alberta WATCH NOW Ariana Grande changes One Love Manchester set for victim who died in attack WATCH NOW Family of baby boy found dead in Edmonton speak out WATCH NOW London police chief commends “extraordinary” courage of officers and victims WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Hamilton Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us @ Newsletter Youtube Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
× Like what you're reading? Never miss a thing with the HuffPost Canada Politics newsletter!   Sign me up for the Daily Brief, too. Newsletter may include personalized content. Learn more. View mobile site Canada Politics Edition: ca Show/Hide عربي (Arabic) AR Australia AU Brasil BR Canada CA Deutschland DE España ES France FR Ελλάδα (Greece) GR India IN Italia IT 日本 (Japan) JP 한국 (Korea) KR Maghreb MG México MX South Africa ZA United Kingdom UK United States US Region: ALL Show/Hide All Canada Alberta British Columbia Québec (en français) Follow Newsletters Get Canada PoliticsNewsletters Email address Enter Email Address iOS app Android app More Desktop Alerts $USERNAME Desktop Notifications Profile Settings Logout FRONT PAGE Politics Theresa May Promises New Strategy To Fight Terrorism In Britain 1 Trump Goes After London Mayor Sadiq Khan After Terror Attack 16 London Terror Attacks: Canadians Urged To Be Cautious, Trudeau Sends Message Of Support 3 Go to Politics More in Politics Althia Raj Bill C-51 Salute Politics Videos You Might Also Like US Politics UK Politics Business The Home Stretch: Why Hiring A Random Guy Off The Street Is Not A Sound Renovation Strategy 0 Go to Business More in Business Working Poor Joint Venture Sunny Freeman Business Videos You Might Also Like Tech TechCrunch WorldPost Syrian Women Have A Message: Drop Earrings, Not Bombs 0 Go to WorldPost More in WorldPost Foreign Affairs World Elections Arab Uprising Afghanistan War Syria Crisis You Might Also Like Travel Impact Parents Twin Baby Names: Unique Ideas For Monikers That Don't Start With The Same Letter 0 Go to Parents More in Parents Apparently Parents Videos You Might Also Like Healthy Inspiration Recipes Women Sex & Relationships Weddings Living Ariana Grande Manchester Fundraiser: Justin Bieber Delivers Emotional Speech, Sings 'Cold Water' At Concert 0 Go to Living More in Living 2 Minutes To Transform Apparently I'm Sold Canada Say it. Make it. Eat it. Like A Tourist Living Videos You Might Also Like Healthy Inspiration Recipes Women Sex & Relationships Style An Important Lesson About Jeans For Men 0 Go to Style More in Style Style Videos Beauty Fashion Celeb Style Wedding Style Best And Worst Dressed Skincare You Might Also Like Style (U.S.) Weddings Entertainment Ben Stiller And Christine Taylor Split After 17 Years Of Marriage 0 Kumail Nanjiani Tells Grads To ‘Have Sex With An Immigrant’ 0 A 'Pirates Of The Caribbean' Set Features Around $2 Million In Snacks 0 Channing Tatum And Adam Driver Are Your New Favorite Criminals 0 Eddie Vedder And Guns N' Roses Pay Tribute To Chris Cornell During Europe Concerts 0 Go to Entertainment You Might Also Like Music Celebrity TV Moviefone Arts Hogwarts: A History Of 'Harry Potter' Theories 0 J.K. Rowling Echoes Brutal Message To Our Climate Change Ignorant President 0 24 'Harry Potter' Superfans Share The Stories Behind Their Magical Ink 0 9 Other Superheroines Who Deserve Their Own Movie Adaptations 0 Lawsuit Accuses Glass Artist Dale Chihuly Of Plagiarizing Work 0 Go to Arts You Might Also Like Books Black Voices Latino Voices Gay Voices Religion Alberta 'Leakless' Pipeline Could Be The Safest Way To Transport Oil 0 Alberta Tornado Can't Keep This Dad From His Chores 0 Go to Alberta More in Alberta Alberta Politics Alberta Business Rachel Notley Calgary Edmonton BC Vancouver Aquarium Treating Rescued Seal Pups 4 Go to BC More in BC B.C. Politics B.C. Business B.C. Good News B.C. RCMP Vancouver Vancouver Housing You Might Also Like B.C.Videos All Sections News Canada Politics Canada Business US Politics US Business World Media Sports Education Crime Weird News Good News Daily Finance Entertainment Entertainment Music TV Celebrity Comedy Arts Books Moviefone Life & Style Living Style Home Healthy Living Taste Weddings Travel Parents Divorce HuffPost 50 OWN Quiet Revolution Tech & Science Tech Science Green Techcrunch Engadget TUAW Joystiq Voices Impact Women Black Voices Latino Voices Queer Voices Religion College Teen Outspeak Local Quebec (French) Calgary Montreal Ottawa Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg Mapquest Patch.com Our Mobile Apps: iPhone iPad Android Phone Android Tablet Politics Althia Raj Bill C-51 Politics Videos Parliament of Canada Althia Raj on Facebook UK Politics US Politics Bieber Delivers Emotional Message At Ariana Grande Fundraiser 'Enough Is Enough': Britain Promises New Strategy To Fight Terrorism Trump Goes After 'Politically Correct' London Mayor After Attack 'Leakless' Pipeline Could Be The Safest Way To Transport Oil Canadian Victim Of London Attack 'Had Room In Her Heart For Everyone' Alberta Tornado Can't Keep This Dad From His Chores Canadians Urged To Be Cautious After London Attacks Previous Story Next Story Harjit Sajjan Hammers Boeing For Picking Fight With Bombardier CP  |  By Mike Blanchfield, The Canadian Press Posted: 05/31/2017 10:04 am EDT Updated: 05/31/2017 2:45 pm EDT Share Tweet Email Comment tumblr reddit ADVERTISEMENT OTTAWA — Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan used a major speech Wednesday to the defence industry to blast American firm Boeing for picking a trade spat with Bombardier. Sajjan said Canada is disappointed by the "unfounded" action by one of its major partners in the defence industry and he delivered that message to hundreds at a breakfast speech at a major trade show for military contractors. Boeing has petitioned the U.S. Commerce Department and the U.S. International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies for Bombardier's CSeries aircraft that it says have allowed the Canadian company to export planes at well below cost. Sajjan said Boeing is not behaving like a "trusted partner" and the government wants the company to withdraw the complaint. Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan speaks at the Canadian Association of Defence and Security conference in Ottawa on May 31, 2017. (Photo: Adrian Wyld/The Canadian Press) He repeated the Canadian government's thinly veiled retaliation threat to scrap the planned purchase of 18 Super Hornet fighter jets from the Boeing. "A productive relationship between industry and government is crucial," the minister said. "That is why our government — and I stress this — our government is disappointed in the action of one of our leading industry partners. "We strongly disagree with the decision of the United States Commerce Department to initiate a trade remedy case in response to Boeing's petition against Bombardier." Scott Day, a spokesman for Boeing, defended the company's trade action, suggesting it should not be linked to its military relationship with Canada. "It's more of a commercial issue with regard to the Bombardier case," he said. "We're going to continue working with the U.S. navy, providing information on the Super Hornet that will be provided to the government of Canada." "Our government — and I stress this — our government is disappointed in the action of one of our leading industry partners." Day said Boeing operations in Canada account for 14 per cent of the country's aerospace industry. That includes 560 companies that provide parts to Boeing commercial airplanes and 2,000 company workers in the country. "We value Canada as a supplier-partner." Sajjan also said the defence policy review that he will unveil next week will be linked to the government's broader innovation agenda. He said the military wants to help foster a partnership with the defence industry that allows for the development of cutting-edge equipment for Canadian soldiers. Partners should speak with one voice Sajjan also made a pitch for the defence industry to help Canada with its broader agenda with the U.S. — keeping borders open to trade in the face of possible protectionist action by the Donald Trump administration. "We call on all of our industry partners to speak with one voice about the interconnectedness of the defence industry supply chain between Canada and the United States," Sajjan said. "We need your help in making the clear case of ensuring goods continue to flow freely across our two countries. We need your voices to articulate the consequences should our borders be closed. The government will continue to deliver this same message." Also on HuffPost: Close  Current MPs With Military Experience (2016) of   Party: Liberal Riding: Vancouver South, British Columbia Military Organization and Past Titles: Commandant, British Columbia Regiment; Lieutenant-Colonel, Canadian Forces; Aide de Camp, Lieutenant Governor of British Columbia Party: Liberal Riding: Aurora--Oak Ridges--Richmond Hill, Ontario Military Organization and Titles: Logistics Officer, Canadian Forces (Air Force), retiring with the rank of Captain Party: Liberal Riding: Orléans, Ontario Military Organization and Past Titles: Chief of Transformation, Canadian Forces; Chief of Staff, Canadian Forces (Army); Deputy Commander, International Security Assistance Force in Kabul, Afghanistan; Commander, Land Force Doctrine and Training System; Commander, Land Force Command; Director of Command, Control, Communications and Computer Systems, Canadian Forces; Commander, 1st Canadian Mechanized Brigade Group; Colonel, Canadian Forces (Army); Member, 1st Field Regiment, Royal Canadian Horse Artillery; Member, 30th Field Artillery Regiment Party: NDP Riding: Abitibi--Témiscamingue, Quebec Military Organization and Past Titles: Officer Cadet, Canadian Forces (Army), and Corporal, 52nd Field Ambulance Party: Conservative Riding: Durham, Ontario Military Organization and Past Titles: Member, Canadian Forces; Officer, Royal Canadian Air Force; Officer, Royal Canadian Air Force 8 Wing (Trenton, Ontario); Air Navigator, Royal Canadian Air Force 17 Wing (Winnipeg, Manitoba); Captain, Royal Canadian Air Force 423 Squadron (Shearwater, Nova Scotia); Training Officer, Royal Canadian Air Force 406 Squadron (Reserve) Party: Conservative Riding: Beauport--Limoilou, Quebec Military Organization and Past Title: Master Bombardier, 6th Field Artillery Brigade Party: Bloc Quebecois Riding: Terrebonne, Quebec Military Organization and Past Titles: Infantry Officer, Royal 22e Régiment Party: Conservative Riding: Charlesbourg--Haute-Saint-Charles, Quebec Military Organization and Past Titles: Commandant, Regiment de la Chaudière, and Officer, Canadian Forces (Reserve) Party: Liberal Riding: Kelowna--Lake Country, British Columbia Military Organization and Past Titles: Flight Commander, Canadian Forces Instrument Check Pilot School; Officer, 2nd Canadian Forces Flight Training School; Major, 1st Canadian Air Division; Flight instructor, Canadian Forces (Air Force) Party: Liberal Riding: Westmount--Ville-Marie, Quebec Military Organization and Past Titles: Captain, Canadian Forces (Navy) and Combat Systems Engineer, Canadian Forces (Navy) Party: Liberal Riding: Winnipeg Centre, Manitoba Military Organization and Past Titles: Petty Officer 2nd class, Royal Canadian Navy; Sergeant-at-Arms, 5th Valcartier Field Ambulance, Member, Canadian Forces (Navy Reserve) Party: Liberal Riding: Winnipeg North, Manitoba Military Organization and Past Titles: Air Traffic Controller, Canadian Forces (Air Force) Party: Liberal Riding: Kanata--Carleton, Ontario Military Organization and Past Titles: Lieutenant-Colonel, 429 Transport Squadron; Air Navigator, Canadian Forces (Air Force); Member, Windsor Regiment (RCAC) and Royal Canadian Army Cadets Party: Liberal Riding: Pitt Meadows--Maple Ridge, British Columbia Military Organization and Past Titles: Member, Canadian Army Reserve Force Party: Liberal Riding: Ville-Marie--Le Sud-Ouest--Île-des-Soeurs, Quebec Military Organization and Past Titles: Commander, Canadian Infantry Party: Liberal Riding: Brampton Centre, Ontario Military Organization and Past Titles: Member, Indian Air Force UP NEXT: Unseen Sides Of The Afghan War Check out a selection of photographs from Razistan below showing the unseen sides of the war. Mussa Ahmadi, an 18-year-old heroin addict in Kabul. Photo: Sandra Calligaro A refugee camp on the outskirts of Kabul. Photo: Jonte Wentzel Outdoor school for children in eastern Afghanistan. Photo: Jacob Simkin Afghan National Army recruits on a night-time training exercise. Photo: Joel van Houdt Fahim Bash rehearses in his studio in Kabul's musicians' neighborhood on Koche Kharabat Road. Photo: Lorenzo Tugnoli Audience members at Afghan Star, a popular Afghan television show. Photo: John Wendle A Pashtun man and his wife visit the doctor. Photo: Mikhail Galustov Soldier in a sandstorm in Northern Afghanistan. Photo: Joel van Houdt The cast and crew of the production "Doste" film a scene on the outskirts of Kabul. Photo: Jonathan Saruk/Getty Images An Afghan commando on patrol in Helmand Province. Photo: Pieter ten Hoopen  Share  Tweet  ✖ Advertisement Share this ✖ close Current Slide More: cp Harjit Sajjan harjit sajjan boeing harjit sajjan bombardier harjit sajjan defence speech harjit sajjan bombardier trade spat video politics video Suggest a correction   Click here to view Conversations Conversations Suggested For You FOLLOW HUFFPOST Email Email Address Please check the checkbox to indicate your consent Options HuffPost Daily Brief Politics Get top stories and blog posts emailed to me each day.. Facebook HuffPost Politics Twitter HuffPost Follow Politics Follow Google Plus HuffPost Politics RSS The Huffington Post Politics All RSS / Feeds Phone Available on the App Store Android App on Google Play Get it at Blackberry App World advertise make HuffPost your home page RSS careers FAQ user agreement privacy policy comment policy about us about our ads contact us Archive Copyright ©2017 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved. 2017© Part of HuffPost Politics Use this form to alert a HuffPost editor about a factual or typographical error in this story. Notify message * Required * * * What kind of error is this? Choose an option Factual or typographical Comment moderation problem Rights and permissions Other * What is the correction? 0 count Describe the error here (1,000 character limit) * Type the words below so we know you are not a cyborg Sign me up for The Huffington Post's Daily Brief Thanks for your report!
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Monday 05 Jun 2017 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment Boeing chooses Triumph for V-22 support contract By Gulli Arnason in Air and Travel · May 31, 2017 Berwyn, Pennsylvania-based Triumph Group, Inc. (NYSE:TGI) has been selected by Boeing to support the V-22 Osprey Multiyear 3 contract, once approved, the company said. The contract is expected to be negotiated before the end of 2017 between Bell Boeing and the US Navy. The agreement extends the statement of work Triumph currently has on the V-22 Multiyear 2 contract, and also reinstates work that was previously awarded to Triumph in the first multiyear order, but was not renewed for the second. Triumph´s Aerospace Structures site in Red Oak, Texas, and its Precision Components site in Milledgeville, Georgia, will extend deliveries of empennage, elevator, ramp extensions, ramp mounted weapons system floor boards, main landing gear doors and sponsons for the V-22 through 2024 in support of the third multiyear order. Triumph will also manufacture cargo ramps and doors included in the renewed statement of work. Triumph deliveries in support of the Multiyear 3 contract will begin in 2019 and extend through 2024. Triumph Group designs, engineers, manufactures, repairs, and overhauls a broad portfolio of aircraft structures, components, accessories, subassemblies and systems. The company serves a global spectrum of the aviation industry, including original equipment manufacturers of commercial, regional, business and military aircraft and aircraft components, as well as commercial and regional airlines and air cargo carriers. Related posts Airborne Wireless Network performs proof of concept flight test June 2, 2017 Airborne Wireless Network (OTC QB: ABWN) has completed its proof of concept flight tests in... United Airlines plans nonstop service between LA, Singapore June 2, 2017 United Airlines (NYSE: UAL) will introduce daily nonstop flights between its Los Angeles International Airport... Orbit tracks Irkut on MC-21 maiden flight June 2, 2017 Orbit Communications Systems Ltd. (TASE: ORBI), a provider of precision tracking-based communications solutions and airborne... Harris to supply Boeing with launchers for Maritime Patrol Aircraft June 2, 2017 Harris Corporation (NYSE: HRS) has been awarded contracts to provide Boeing (NYSE: BA) with sonobuoy... Air Transport Services Group prices secondary public offering by stockholder June 2, 2017 Air Transport Services Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: ATSG) has priced an underwritten secondary offering by one... Leave a comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « CTS wins award for sensor technology Northrop Grumman awards Orbital ATK with USD 90m B-2 composite structures contract » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 May 2017 M T W T F S S « Apr   Jun » 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2017 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Greene, Tweed, premiada con el Silver Boeing Performance Excellence Award KULPSVILLE, Pensilvania–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Greene, Tweed & Co. ha recibido el Silver Boeing Performance Excellence Award 2016 de Boeing Company, que entrega anualmente el premio en reconocimiento a los proveedores que han mostrado una excelente capacidad de distribución. Para poder ser premiado con este galardón, Greene, Tweed ha mantenido al menos una entrega puntual de un 98%, durante un periodo de operación de 12 meses, desde octubre de 2015 a septiembre de 2016. „Greene, Tweed está muy orgulloso de recibir el Silver Boeing Performance Excellence Award por cuarta vez”, confirma Gary Appleby, vicepresidente y director general de la división aeroespacial de Greene, Tweed. „Nos esforzamos por conseguir un excelente rendimiento con nuestra innovadora cartera de soluciones y este compromiso está respaldado por una sólida excelencia en el servicio de atención al cliente y una distribución puntual, que han sido clave para nuestro éxito en el exigente mercado aeroespacial”. Greene, Tweed suministra sistemas de sellado avanzado y componentes compuestos termoplásticos de alto rendimiento para una variedad de programas de aeronaves de Boeing. Greene, Tweed ha sido líder en el sector aeroespacial durante más de 50 años, y sus componentes se utilizan en más del 90% de los aviones militares y comerciales del mundo. About Greene, Tweed Greene, Tweed optimiza su experiencia en una variedad de mercados y productos para ofrecer a los clientes soluciones innovadoras para hacer frente a los retos de rendimiento y reducir el coste total de operación. Con equipos de ingeniería, ventas y soporte en todo el continente americano, en Europa y en Asia, Greene, Tweed ofrece soluciones a aplicaciones de clientes a escala mundial. Durante más de 150 años, Greene, Tweed ha estado a la vanguardia de la innovación y está orgulloso de ofrecer productos líderes, incluidos Chemraz®, Arlon®, Avalon®, y WR® & AR®, que se venden en todo el mundo. Los productos de Greene, Tweed se venden y distribuyen en todo el mundo. Para más información, llame al +1 215-256-9521 o visite nuestro sitio web www.gtweed.com. El comunicado en el idioma original, es la versión oficial y autorizada del mismo. La traducción es solamente un medio de ayuda y deberá ser comparada con el texto en idioma original, que es la única versión del texto que tendrá validez legal. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Cellulase Market Latest Innovations, Drivers and Industry Key Events 2016 – 2026 Next PostNext Total Solar Eclipse T-shirts & Mugs Moon-Earth-Sun Correct Image Artwork Released Search Recent Posts Pharmacy Automation Systems Market is expected to reach a CAGR of 6.7% during 2016 – 2026 PM O’Neill welcomes New World Bank Country Manager for PNG Paediatric Vaccine Market will increase at 14.4% CAGR during 2016-2026 Automotive Repair and Maintenance Services Market Poised to Rake US$ 750 Bn by the End of 2026 Global Cricket Balls Market 2017- Gray-Nicolls, Slazenge, Woodwor, Gunn & Moore, British Cricket Balls Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
MON, JUN 05, 2017 | 13 °C Partly cloudy Full Text Archive Danger Zone: Vaccination in Hamilton schools Spec 170th anniversary Spec Auctions Readers' Choice Columns Wellness Subscription Today's Paper In Your Neighbourhood Home & Garden Newsroom Insider podcast Event listings 3DownNation Hot topics Newspaper in Education Top Employers Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news business sports what's on opinion community Living Obituaries Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs CRIME LOCAL ONTARIO CANADA WORLD BUSINESS 2 hours ago Twelve arrested in London’s night of terror; Islamic State claims attack that killed 7 British police arrested a dozen people Sunday in a widening terrorism... Latest News SEE MORE Christine Archibald identified as Canadian victim in London terror attack Spike in violent Hamilton home invasions tied to drugs Christie nearing settlement in nurse’s Ebola quarantine Business Links HamiltonBusiness.com , Young Professionals , Economic Development , Steeltown Jun 02, 2017 Stelco Decision day for 1005 is Tuesday United Steelworkers Local 1005 members weigh in on restructuring plan for... Latest Business News SEE MORE Hamilton company gets federal money for vehicle emissions technology Google’s Chrome browser to block some ads starting next year Panelists announced for LRT seminar LOCAL McMaster-university athletics End to End blog BULLDOGS - OHL Sports TV Listings TICATS - CFL SCRATCHING POST UREPORT Drew Edwards Steve Milton Teri Pecoskie Scott Radley Calendar Olympics 1 hour ago Mississippi State ousts South Alabama from NCAAs, 7-3 Mississippi State ousts South Alabama from NCAAs, 7-3 Latest Sports News SEE MORE Louisville holds off Xavier 8-7 to win regional championship Baseball Capsules Davidson ousts UNC, wins regional in 1st NCAA Tournament Contests Hamilton Events Burlington Events Movie news+reviews Movie Listings Art Arts & Entertainment BOOKS MUSIC RESTAURANT REVIEWS Television TV LIstings Theatre Wow Celebrity 4 hours ago Art Gallery of Burlington features mid-century Canadian kitchen pottery Exhibition focuses on an especially creative period in Canadian functional... Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE Wonder Woman conquers milestone with $100.5-million debut Bill Maher apologizes for using racial slur on ‘Real Time’ Harry Styles asked to be brand ambassador for SheWee Editorial Commentary Letters Columnists Cartoons Blogs Commenting Guidelines May 31, 2017 The Spectator's view: Papal apology worth asking for Forgive us our sins. Forgive us our trespasses. Inside Opinion: Spec viewpoint and community analysis VIEW MORE OPINION Contests Spec 170 Your Stories Eye on the Area Eye on the Area Photo Submissions Newspaper in Education Commenting Guidelines Power of the Pen Community Partnerships Family Legal Matters Money Matters Top Employers Canada 150 Home and Garden Environment Jun 02, 2017 2017 Kia Optima earns highest safety marks from IIHS The 2017 Kia Optima has earned an IIHS Top Safety Pick+ award. Latest Community Stories SEE MORE Signpost Burlington CNC manufacturer celebrates 6,000th router table sale 'Ribbon of Asphalt' irresistible for drivers, cyclists, runners Wheels.ca Family & Parenting Food Health & Fitness Home and Garden Home Style Travel 4 hours ago The Big Dig at the Gage Park Tropical Greenhouse They started lining up at 7 a.m. with their tubs, pots, blue boxes and... Latest Living Stories SEE MORE A baby girl. A baffling disease. And the only way to help her is to hurt her Teach your kids about Ramadan with these books At 75, Dale Chihuly discusses struggles with mental health Announcements Autos Real Estate Rentals Eye on the Area Spectator Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Spectator Recruitment Advertising 905-526-3200 YourClassifieds.ca 63% off Photo Prints discount: 63% | value: $122.00 | You Save: $77.00 Time Remaining: 2 Days How do immediate dentures work and why should you get them? Local Ads Business Listings Coupons Deals Flyers In Your Neighbourhood Readers' Choice Winners SpecStore.ca Taste of Your Neighbourhood 63% off Photo Prints discount: 63% | value: $122.00 | You Save: $77.00 Time Remaining: 2 Days Dealing with the truck driver shortage Home News Business Sajjan blasts Boeing over trade spat | May 31, 2017  |  Vote 0    0 Sajjan blasts Boeing over trade spat Sajjan blasts Boeing over trade spat-Image1 The Canadian Press, 2017 Minister of National Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan speaks at the Canadian Association of Defence and Security conference in Ottawa, Wednesday May 31, 2017. Sajjan used a major speech Wednesday to the defence industry to blast American firm Boeing for picking a trade spat with Bombardier. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Adrian Wyld next play/pause pre OTTAWA — As he highlighted the defence industry as a driver of economic growth, Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan also used a major speech Wednesday to blast American firm Boeing for picking a trade spat with Bombardier. Sajjan said Canada is disappointed by the "unfounded" action by one of its major partners in the defence industry and he delivered that message to hundreds at a breakfast speech at a major trade show for military contractors in Ottawa. Boeing has petitioned the U.S. Commerce Department and the U.S. International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies for Bombardier's CSeries aircraft that it says have allowed the Canadian company to export planes at well below cost. Sajjan said Boeing is not behaving like a "trusted partner" and the government wants the company to withdraw the complaint. The minister stressed the military's links with industry in a speech that also gave new details about the defence policy review that he will unveil next week — it will be linked to the government's broader innovation agenda. He said the military wants to help foster a partnership with the defence industry that allows for the development of cutting-edge equipment for Canadian soldiers. He identified four areas of focus: alternative fuels, surveillance tools, remotely piloted systems and systems to counter IEDs. "We will establish world-class research clusters, comprised of academics, industry leaders, government scientists," Sajjan said, adding that cutting edge research and development "will determine the outcome of tomorrow's conflicts." The Canadian Forces will help companies field test new products to ensure they meet military needs. "It means we give business the experience and exposures they can use to pursue opportunities in global markets." The military's newly installed second-in-command, Lt.-Gen. Alain Parent, said the Canadian Forces will make innovation a priority because it is a "strategic imperative" in the world's complex security environment. "To prevail in that environment, we need to exploit every decisive advantage over potential adversaries," Parent told the same large CANSEC military trade show. Innovation Minister Navdeep Bains, in a separate CANSEC speech, underlined the contribution of the defence industry to the Canadian economy — $9 billion a year of economic activity and 63,000 skilled jobs in small and large firms. "To remain competitive, Canada must be committed to innovation," Bains said. "I appreciate this industry's long history of finding new and better ways to accomplish the mission." Boeing, however, was singled out for pointed criticism. Sajjan repeated the Canadian government's thinly veiled retaliation threat to scrap the planned purchase of 18 Super Hornet fighter jets from the Boeing. "A productive relationship between industry and government is crucial," Sajjan said. "That is why our government — and I stress this — our government is disappointed in the action of one of our leading industry partners. "We strongly disagree with the decision of the United States Commerce Department to initiate a trade remedy case in response to Boeing's petition against Bombardier." Scott Day, a spokesman for Boeing, defended the company's trade action, suggesting it should not be linked to its military relationship with Canada. "It's more of a commercial issue with regard to the Bombardier case," he said. "We're going to continue working with the U.S. navy, providing information on the Super Hornet that will be provided to the government of Canada." Day said Boeing operations in Canada account for 14 per cent of the country's aerospace industry. That includes 560 companies that provide parts to Boeing commercial airplanes and 2,000 company workers in the country. "We value Canada as a supplier-partner." Sajjan also made a pitch for the defence industry to help Canada with its broader agenda with the U.S. — keeping borders open to trade in the face of possible protectionist action by the Donald Trump administration. "We call on all of our industry partners to speak with one voice about the interconnectedness of the defence industry supply chain between Canada and the United States," Sajjan said. "We need your help in making the clear case of ensuring goods continue to flow freely across our two countries. We need your voices to articulate the consequences should our borders be closed. The government will continue to deliver this same message." By Mike Blanchfield, The Canadian Press | (1) Comments By wayne | MAY 31, 2017 10:12 AM thanks for giving us these liberals Canada and Ontario. We are quickly becoming the biggest joke and economic nightmare of the world. 2   0 Report as Offensive ( Page 1 of 1 ) Join The Conversation Sign Up Login Latest News Local  Spike in violent Hamilton home invasions tied to drugs Snapshot Local  Hamilton police search for answers in weekend homicide Snapshot Canada  Ottawa vigilant as Canada 150 birthday party looms after London attack: mayor Snapshot World  Christine Archibald identified as Canadian victim in London terror attack Snapshot PHOTOS AND VIDEOS View All Photos View All Videos Local VIDEO: Battle of Stoney Creek re-enactment Local VIDEO: The Tenors preform at RBG Local CityLife: Buskers infest Dundas Local Video: Over the edge The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE Hamilton police search for answers in weekend homicide Two Hamilton residents among three charged in Peace Bridge drug bust Hamilton firefighters battle two blazes, including one at former Embassy nightclub ‘I think I dated a serial killer!’ says Saskatchewan woman who knew Elizabeth Wettlaufer Police seek missing Burlington man who made alarming text messages In Your Neighbourhood Today Help with dealing with the details following a funeral service Dignity Memorial in Hamilton knows that the funeral is only one important part of the process when... Canada’s best mid-size city deserves the best Condos Strategically placed in the centre of the Golden Horseshoe, Burlington has been ranked the best... Stone and rubble foundations: What to do if there’s a leak The experts at H&N Basement Worx in Hamilton want to share some information about stone and rubble... Make summertime bugs buzz off with this planter Throughout the winter we long for warmer months. We would give anything to trade snow and ice for... How much of your investment returns do you really keep? How much of your investment returns do you really keep? Here's why every investor needs to know... Saving Matters: For the Full-Time Family Getting the kids ready for school in the morning is a full-time job, while you get ready to head to... Make an air plant work of art If you’ve ever wanted to reap the benefits of plants in your home, but don’t want to deal with the... Early orthodontic care can benefit your child for life Braces are a great tool for correcting bite problems and tooth alignment in adults, but kids can... Scenic Trails offers a truly unique approach to resort living Offering a serene entrance for an exclusive resort living lifestyle, Scenic Trails condominium by... Legal Matters: Keep your family safe poolside this summer Question: I am planning on installing a pool in my fenced backyard. What steps can I take to... 5 tips to make your rental living room Pinterest-worthy You may think beautiful living rooms in small living spaces exist only in magazines, but think... Natural gas: Why it’s a home heating star A-Plus Air in Stoney Creek is an HVAC specialist with over 20 years of experience in heating and... You can win big at the area's biggest bingo hall If you don't think you can win a lot of cash playing bingo, then you've never been to Six Nations... Putting more found money in your pocket It’s a feeling so many of us are familiar with. On a cold fall day, you pull your winter coat... Local boutique offers designer shopping experience without brand name prices Closet Addiction ladies’ consignment store in Dundas specializes in high-quality previously loved... Canadian Tire Hamilton Centre makes playtime for everybody All Canadian sports and pastimes come to life with the great sporting goods and leisure products at... Brushing up on the causes of tooth sensitivity If you're one of the many people who have sensitive teeth, even though you take care of your oral... Making children smile is local dental office's specialty Your child's world is made up of first experiences, and Eastgate Dental Centre in Hamilton wants... Legal Matters: Can I be legally fired while on maternity leave? Question: I am three months into my pregnancy leave and my employer just fired me. Is that legal?... Cleaner air with Terra Greenhouses Bringing nature into our homes has never been easier with the help of TERRA Greenhouses. With the... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   Up to 71% off Fireworks $20 View Deal 95% off Prescription Eyeglasses $15 View Deal Up to 48% off Salt Cave Sessions $15 View Deal 58% off Chicken Strips $25 View Deal 50% off an Italian Dinner for 2 People $55 View Deal 53% off Exterior Window Cleaning $59 View Deal 50% off Indian Cuisine $10 View Deal 40% off Breaded Chicken Parmesan $27 View Deal View All Deals MORE BUSINESS Five things to watch for in Canadian business Stelco Decision day for 1005 is Tuesday Hamilton company gets federal money for vehicle emissions technology Morneau to meet with US counterpart next week Google’s Chrome browser to block some ads starting next year PreviousNext Fraud charge stayed against Ancaster contractor Softwood aid package coming Thursday TheSpec Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Policy Advertise With Us Become a Carrier Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Contact Us Corporate Sales Eye on the Area Photo Submissions FAQ Manage My Subscription Mobile Newsletter Signup Print Editions Sitemap SpecStore.ca Staff Directory Today's Paper Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BramptonGuardian.com BrantNews.com CambridgeTimes.ca FlamboroughReview.com GuelphMercuryTribune.com HamiltonNews.com InsideHalton.com Mississauga.com NiagaraThisWeek.com NorfolkNews.ca Sachem.ca TheRecord.com Resources GoldBook.ca InsuranceHotline.com LeaseBusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
e-Edition Obituaries Special Sections Special Occasions Contact Subscribe Paywall Login Login to Comment Register June 4th, 2017 Menu Home News Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Commentary Local News Provincial News National News World News Sajjan blasts Boeing in defence industry speech over trade spat with Bombardier Poll Do you think e-cigarette fluids with names and labels that appeal to children should be banned? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Follow @LethHerald on twitter By Mike Blanchfield, The Canadian Press on May 31, 2017. Minister of National Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan speaks at the Canadian Association of Defence and Security conference in Ottawa, Wednesday May 31, 2017. Sajjan used a major speech Wednesday to the defence industry to blast American firm Boeing for picking a trade spat with Bombardier. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Adrian Wyld OTTAWA – Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan used a major speech Wednesday to the defence industry to blast American firm Boeing for picking a trade spat with Bombardier. Sajjan said Canada is disappointed by the “unfounded” action by one of its major partners in the defence industry and he delivered that message to hundreds at a breakfast speech at a major trade show for military contractors. Boeing has petitioned the U.S. Commerce Department and the U.S. International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies for Bombardier’s CSeries aircraft that it says have allowed the Canadian company to export planes at well below cost. Sajjan said Boeing is not behaving like a “trusted partner” and the government wants the company to withdraw the complaint. He repeated the Canadian government’s thinly veiled retaliation threat to scrap the planned purchase of 18 Super Hornet fighter jets from the Boeing. “A productive relationship between industry and government is crucial,” the minister said. “That is why our government – and I stress this – our government is disappointed in the action of one of our leading industry partners. “We strongly disagree with the decision of the United States Commerce Department to initiate a trade remedy case in response to Boeing’s petition against Bombardier.” Sajjan also said the defence policy review that he will unveil next week will be linked to the government’s broader innovation agenda. He said the military wants to help foster a partnership with the defence industry that allows for the development of cutting-edge equipment for Canadian soldiers. Sajjan also made a pitch for the defence industry to help Canada with its broader agenda with the U.S. – keeping borders open to trade in the face of possible protectionist action by the Donald Trump administration. “We call on all of our industry partners to speak with one voice about the interconnectedness of the defence industry supply chain between Canada and the United States,” Sajjan said. “We need your help in making the clear case of ensuring goods continue to flow freely across our two countries. We need your voices to articulate the consequences should our borders be closed. The government will continue to deliver this same message.” 000000 000000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Facebook Twitter YouTube ePaper Login Subscribe Subscription Services Archive About Us The Lethbridge Herald Other Publications Food For Thought Contact Careers Contact the Lethbridge Herald 504 - 7th Street South Lethbridge, AB T1J 3Z7 [P] (403) 328-4411 [F] (403)328-4536 Print Advertising: (403) 328-4410 National Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Online Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Classifieds: (403) 328-4433 © 1996-2017 The Lethbridge Herald, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy
    Sign In Account Sign Out Subscribe Authors Watch our videos Education hub Our Archives The Canada Project Contact us Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe Authors Brian Bethune Mark Brown Meagan Campbell Joe Castaldo Terra Ciolfe James Cowan Prajakta Dhopade Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti John Geddes Charlie Gillis Scott Gilmore Murad Hemmadi Aaron Hutchins Brian D. Johnson Adnan R. Khan Anne Kingston Jason Kirby Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Catherine McIntyre Leah McLaren Shannon Proudfoot Jennifer Robson Graham Scott Evan Solomon Liz Sullivan Nick Taylor-Vaisey David Thomas Paul Wells Watch our videos Education hub Our Archives The Canada Project Contact us News Politics Economy Education Culture Society Work Multimedia Follow Us Twitter Facebook Tumblr Instagram LinkedIn Google+ Share YouTube Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti John Geddes Scott Gilmore Aaron Hutchins Anne Kingston Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Evan Solomon Paul Wells All Authors Brian Bethune Mark Brown Meagan Campbell Joe Castaldo Terra Ciolfe James Cowan Prajakta Dhopade Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti John Geddes Charlie Gillis Scott Gilmore Murad Hemmadi Aaron Hutchins Brian D. Johnson Adnan R. Khan Anne Kingston Jason Kirby Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Catherine McIntyre Leah McLaren Shannon Proudfoot Jennifer Robson Graham Scott Evan Solomon Liz Sullivan Nick Taylor-Vaisey David Thomas Paul Wells Brian Bethune Mark Brown Meagan Campbell Joe Castaldo Terra Ciolfe James Cowan Prajakta Dhopade Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti John Geddes Charlie Gillis Scott Gilmore Murad Hemmadi Aaron Hutchins Brian D. Johnson Adnan R. Khan Anne Kingston Jason Kirby Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Catherine McIntyre Leah McLaren Shannon Proudfoot Jennifer Robson Graham Scott Evan Solomon Liz Sullivan Nick Taylor-Vaisey David Thomas Paul Wells Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Reddit Email   0 Sajjan takes aim at Boeing in major speech Sajjan repeated the government’s thinly veiled threat to scrap the purchase of 18 Boeing-made Super Hornet fighter jets The Canadian Press May 31, 2017 Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Reddit Email   Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan speaks during a conference on foreign affairs in Ottawa on Friday, Jan. 29, 2016. (Sean Kilpatrick/CP) OTTAWA – Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan used a major speech Wednesday to the defence industry to blast American firm Boeing for picking a trade spat with Bombardier. Sajjan said Canada is disappointed by the “unfounded” action by one of its major partners in the defence industry and he delivered that message to hundreds at a breakfast speech at a major trade show for military contractors. Boeing has petitioned the U.S. Commerce Department and the U.S. International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies for Bombardier’s CSeries aircraft that it says have allowed the Canadian company to export planes at well below cost. Sajjan said Boeing is not behaving like a “trusted partner” and the government wants the company to withdraw the complaint. He repeated the Canadian government’s thinly veiled retaliation threat to scrap the planned purchase of 18 Super Hornet fighter jets from the Boeing. “A productive relationship between industry and government is crucial,” the minister said. “That is why our government – and I stress this – our government is disappointed in the action of one of our leading industry partners. “We strongly disagree with the decision of the United States Commerce Department to initiate a trade remedy case in response to Boeing’s petition against Bombardier.” Sajjan also said the defence policy review that he will unveil next week will be linked to the government’s broader innovation agenda. He said the military wants to help foster a partnership with the defence industry that allows for the development of cutting-edge equipment for Canadian soldiers. Sajjan also made a pitch for the defence industry to help Canada with its broader agenda with the U.S. – keeping borders open to trade in the face of possible protectionist action by the Donald Trump administration. “We call on all of our industry partners to speak with one voice about the interconnectedness of the defence industry supply chain between Canada and the United States,” Sajjan said. “We need your help in making the clear case of ensuring goods continue to flow freely across our two countries. We need your voices to articulate the consequences should our borders be closed. The government will continue to deliver this same message.” Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Reddit Email   Filed under: Boeing bombardier F-18 Super Hornet Harjit Sajjan Advertisement Advertisement    Post navigation Previous Donald Trump’s vulgar reply to the London attacks Next The London attack and Britain’s shattered illusion of immunity Leave a comment Hide comments Cancel reply Sign in to comment. You're logged in as . Logout. Loading profile... Unexpected error. Please try again. Notice: Your email may not yet have been verified. Please check your email, click the link to verify your address, and then submit your comment. If you can't find this email, access your profile editor to re-send the confirmation email. You must have a verified email to submit a comment. Once you have done so, check again. Your comment Related stories Is Ottawa's review of Boeing contracts related to its spat with Bombardier? Parliamentary budget office digging into Super Hornet jet costs Canadian peacekeepers on hold amidst uncertainty over Trump Are Canadian troops in Iraq threatened by Trump travel ban? National security concern not reason for officer's suspension, says Sajjan Popular on Maclean's   1 of 2   Why a $15 minimum wage is good for business 9 comments If you’ve ever smoked marijuana, beware of the U.S. border 4 comments Donald Trump’s farewell tour 18 comments How the B.C. Liberals squandered their chance to keep power Donald Trump changes the climate game 26 comments Donald Trump’s vulgar reply to the London attacks 1 comment For sale: A fixer-upper on the U.S.-Canada border 9 comments A new survey explores what makes us Canadian 6 comments Fifty-two months of torture and the four men responsible 42 comments Why corporate America thumbed its nose at Trump over the climate deal 14 comments Top Twitter Facebook Tumblr Instagram LinkedIn Google+ Share YouTube Resources About Us Advertising Contact Us Site Map Subscribe Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Subscribe to Macleans.ca newsletters Need to know Essential reading on the national conversation. Sign up for a daily dose of news, commentary and analysis from the always thought-provoking Maclean's newsroom.† Storyline Every Saturday, we'll send you our editor's picks of the best stories on Macleans.ca† From our partners Yes! I would like Maclean's to send me alerts, information, event notifications, special deals and promotions from our carefully screened partners that they feel may be of interest to me.† By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} © 2001-2017 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity Aircraft Interiors IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Aircraft & Engines > Airframes > Ryanair in talks to accelerate fleet growth Ryanair in talks to accelerate fleet growth May 31, 2017 Victoria Moores EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Ryanair Related Media Gallery: Irkut MC-21's first flight Advertisement Irish low-cost carrier (LCC) Ryanair is in talks with Boeing and its lessors to secure extra capacity for 2018 and 2019, as the airline continues its growth strategy. “We continue to juggle more opportunities for 2018 and 2019 than our existing fleet growth can accommodate. Accordingly, we are engaged in a fleet review with Boeing, and are taking up opportunities to accelerate fleet growth in 2018 and 2019 by extending 10 of our planned lease returns in these years, and adding selectively to our current order where Boeing may have some delivery opportunities over the next 24 months,” Ryanair said at the release of its 2016-17 full-year results. Speaking during the question and answer session of the results briefing in London, Ryanair CFO Neil Sorahan said talks are underway to extend leased aircraft into 2018 and into the summer of 2019. New aircraft are also an option, as is retaining older aircraft that were slated to be sold and leave the fleet post 2020-21. “We’ve said to Boeing that if they have two or three aircraft at the right price, we would be more than happy to pick up those slots,” Sorahan said. “We’re in negotiations; we are not over the line yet.” This will give Ryanair “more firepower” for opportunities created by “deep restructuring” at competitor airlines, such as Etihad equity partners Alitalia and airberlin, which Ryanair chief marketing officer Kenny Jacobs said “will continue to get smaller.” “We are aware of the need to have additional short-haul aircraft to respond quickly as these unique growth opportunities arise,” Ryanair said. Ryanair also named Poland and Romania as other targets. One area for fleet growth will be Ryanair’s new Polish charter airline, Ryanair Sun. This airline will launch in summer 2018 under its own air operator’s certificate with a fleet of five aircraft, growing to 15 aircraft by summer 2019. Sorahan told ATW  the new charter airline is purely a niche market opportunity in Eastern Europe—it is unrelated to Brexit and does not form part of a wider plan. Over the last five weeks, Ryanair CCO David O’Brien said the team has met with 180 airports, all of which were willing to improve their proposals to attract Ryanair growth. Ryanair posted a 94% average load factor for 2016-17, demonstrating to airports that the LCC is a “reliable partner” when it comes to delivering aircraft filled with passengers, O’Brien said. Under the existing fleet plan, Ryanair will grow its fleet to 427 aircraft by March 2018. In 2019 the fleet will total 448 aircraft, growing to 481 in 2020, 516 aircraft in 2021, 540 in 2022, 575 in 2023 and 585 in 2024. Ryanair already has Boeing 737 MAXs on order, which will begin arriving in autumn 2019. Victoria Moores victoria.moores@penton.com Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Aer Lingus eyes accelerated growth   Finnair prepares for rapid growth   Interview - Aer Lingus CEO Stephen Kavanagh Ryanair likely to firm all 100 Boeing 737 MAX options   Ryanair mulls MS-21 or C919 order   Blogs & Commentary Jun 1, 2017 blog Trump’s withdrawal from Paris is bad news for the ICAO emissions deal The hard truth is that CORSIA 'complements' Paris. The two agreements are inexorably linked....More May 29, 2017 blog The bigger questions of British Airways’ IT meltdown As with all disasters, natural or man-made, there comes a time for mopping up, analysis and self- examination. What was learned? How can this be avoided again? That’s where British Airways sits now, as schedules return to normal after the IT meltdown that essentially shut down its London Heathrow and Gatwick operations over the weekend....More May 25, 2017 blog Just get it right ​ Every day there is a new headline about an airline getting it wrong, but a recent study revealed that North American passengers are apparently happier than ever....More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location IATA AGM coverage brought to you by:  Jun 2, 2017 Article IATA: Cheap airfares & better global economy boost demand World demand for air travel rose sharply in April, thanks to global economic activity and lower airfares, IATA data for the month show....More Jun 1, 2017 Article United’s Munoz among speakers at IATA AGM next week United Airlines CEO Oscar Munoz will be a panelist during sessions programmed for the IATA AGM that opens in Cancun Sunday....More Jun 1, 2017 Article IATA proposes alternative solutions to carry-on electronics ban Additional security and screening measures at airports, including the use of sniffer dogs, are being proposed to US and UK authorities in an attempt to ward off a wider implementation of the laptop carry-on bans, IATA said Thursday....More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Monday 05 Jun 2017 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment Orbital ATK OBV rocket, ICBM target complete missile defense interceptor test By Gulli Arnason in Air and Travel · May 31, 2017 Orbital ATK (NYSE: OA) has successfully launched and tested its Orbital Boost Vehicle (OBV) rocket for the US Missile Defense Agency (MDA) as part of the Ground-based Midcourse Defense (GMD) FTG-15 Flight Test, the company said. The company also supplied its Intercontinental Ballistic Missile (ICBM) target rocket for this national security system test. Orbital ATK provides the OBV to MDA as part of an industry team led by The Boeing Company (NYSE: BA). Orbital ATK´s missile defense interceptors and related target vehicles are primarily produced at the company´s engineering and manufacturing facility in Chandler, Arizona, with solid rocket motor propulsion manufactured in Magna, Utah, and its vehicle assembly and integration facilities at Vandenberg Air Force Base, California, and Huntsville, Alabama. The OBV mission was executed under the GMD Development and Sustainment Contract, which continues through at least 2018. Orbital ATK developed the OBV under a multi-year contract with Boeing that began in 2002. Together the OBV and the EKV comprise the GBI, which is assembled by Boeing. The ICBM target was provided under the Intermediate Range Ballistic Missile contract, which continues at least thru 2019 with options for additional target vehicles and launches. Orbital ATK, a global leader in aerospace and defense technologies, designs, builds and delivers space, defense and aviation systems for customers around the world, both as a prime contractor and merchant supplier. The company employs approximately 12,000 people in 18 states across the US and in several international locations. Related posts Airborne Wireless Network performs proof of concept flight test June 2, 2017 Airborne Wireless Network (OTC QB: ABWN) has completed its proof of concept flight tests in... United Airlines plans nonstop service between LA, Singapore June 2, 2017 United Airlines (NYSE: UAL) will introduce daily nonstop flights between its Los Angeles International Airport... Orbit tracks Irkut on MC-21 maiden flight June 2, 2017 Orbit Communications Systems Ltd. (TASE: ORBI), a provider of precision tracking-based communications solutions and airborne... Harris to supply Boeing with launchers for Maritime Patrol Aircraft June 2, 2017 Harris Corporation (NYSE: HRS) has been awarded contracts to provide Boeing (NYSE: BA) with sonobuoy... Air Transport Services Group prices secondary public offering by stockholder June 2, 2017 Air Transport Services Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: ATSG) has priced an underwritten secondary offering by one... Leave a comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « SpaceX warns Central Florida residents may experience sonic boom during upcoming mission CTS wins award for sensor technology » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 May 2017 M T W T F S S « Apr   Jun » 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2017 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlook Autos Markets Markets Home Stocks India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities India Elections Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Canada - Boeing an ally but Bombardier petition disappointing Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Money News | Wed May 31, 2017 | 10:46pm IST Canada - Boeing an ally but Bombardier petition disappointing left right The logo of Dow Jones Industrial Average stock market index listed company Boeing (BA) is seen in Los Angeles, California, United States, April 22, 2016. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson/Files 1/2 left right People attend the Bombardier stand during the European Business Aviation Convention & Exhibition (EBACE) at Cointrin airport in Geneva, Switzerland, May 22, 2017. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse/Files 2/2 OTTAWA Canada's defence minister, Harjit Sajjan, said on Wednesday that Boeing Co will be a trusted military ally in decades to come, but that its anti-dumping petition against Bombardier Inc is not behavior expected of a partner. Sajjan called on Boeing to abandon the anti-dumping challenge it has launched against Canadian plane maker Bombardier, saying Ottawa was disappointed by the U.S. company's behavior. Canada has threatened to scrap plans to buy Boeing fighter jets over the dispute. "We have a longstanding relationship with Boeing, and as I stated, we're hoping that this can be resolved in a ... manner that respects everyone," Sajjan told reporters on the sidelines of a defence industry event in Ottawa. Boeing accuses Bombardier of selling airliners in the U.S. market at artificially low prices. In response to Sajjan's request to withdraw the petition, Boeing spokesman Dan Curran said by email that "this is a commercial matter that Boeing is seeking to address through the normal course for resolving such issues." Earlier this month, in response to Boeing's challenge at the U.S. International Trade Commission, Canada said it was reviewing the planned purchase of 18 Boeing Super Hornet jets.. When asked whether Ottawa would scrap the order if Boeing failed to drop its complaint, Sajjan said "we need to let the process take its course." The Super Hornets are needed as an interim measure until Ottawa can run a competition to replace its aging fleet of CF-18 fighters. "The interim fleet procurement requires a trusted industry partner. For decades, Boeing has been an outstanding partner with the Canadian Armed Forces ... I expect that to be the case in the decades to come," he said during a speech. "However, our government is of the view that their action against Bombardier is unfounded. It is not the behavior we expect of a trusted partner, and we call on Boeing to withdraw it." (Reporting by David Ljunggren in Ottawa Additional reporting by Allison Lampert in Montreal; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Matthew Lewis) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Money News JSW steel raises bid for Italy's troubled Ilva steel plant ROME A consortium led by JSW Steel raised its bid for Italy's troubled Ilva steel plant, a statement said on Saturday, in a challenge to a group that was declared the winner of the tender process last month, but whose offer faces labour union opposition. Exclusive: Trump administration concerned about U.S. firms giving financial "lifeline" to Venezuela WASHINGTON The Trump administration is concerned about any action by U.S. companies that provides a financial lifeline to Venezuela's government, senior White House officials told Reuters, after Goldman Sachs Group Inc came under fire for purchasing $2.8 billion of state oil company bonds at a steep discount. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Editor's Pick London attackers kill seven, PM May says "enough is enough" Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Monday 5 Jun 2017 / Tehran - 09:00 / GMT - 04:30 Old FNA Old FNA                 Advanced Search Ar  | En  | Fa  | Tr Home Politico-Defense Politics  - Foreign Policy  - Defense  - Nuclear   Economy Society & Culture Society  - Sport  - Culture  - Art  - Life Style   Sci-Tech Space  - Nano  - Medicine  - Technology  - Earth   World Interviews & Commentaries Interviews  - Commentaries   Multimedia Photo  - Video   All Stories Economy http://fna.ir/OZ7446 Wed May 31, 2017 5:29 Official: Iran's Aseman Airlines Inks MoU to Buy 30 Boeing Passenger Planes Tweet TEHRAN (FNA)- Iran's Aseman Airlines has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with giant US aviation company, Boeing, to purchase 30 passenger planes, an official announced on Wednesday. "Aseman Airlines has recently signed an MoU with the Boeing company to buy 30 Boeing 737 planes but finalization of the contract depends on permission of OFAC (the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the US Department of the Treasury)," Secretary of Iranian Airlines Association Maqsoud Asa'adi Samani said. CEO of Iran's national flag carrier, Iran Air, Farhad Parvaresh announced in April that Boeing will deliver its first passenger plane to the country early next year. "The first Boeing 777 jumbo jet will be handed over to Iran in April 2018," Parvaresh told reporters. In a relevant development in early April, Iran signed a new agreement with Boeing to purchase several twinjet narrow-body passenger planes. The agreement was signed between Iran's Aseman Airlines and Boeing and involves the purchase of 30 Boeing 737 MAX planes. The agreement came after almost a year of negotiations between Aseman Airlines and Boeing. Boeing is to provide 50 planes of the same type to Iran Air through a similar agreement. The overall value of Iran Air’s order that also involves 30 long-range wide-body 777 aircraft is estimated to be $16.6 billion. The planes are expected to be delivered to Aseman Airlines from 2019. The Iranian airline is expected to receive at least five of the purchased aircraft during the same year. Boeing 737 MAX planes - that would enter service in the second half of 2017 – have a passenger capacity of 130 people and are specifically adequate for domestic and regional flights. The planes that Aseman Airlines has purchased from Boeing would increase the company’s passenger transportation capacity to above 8,000 seats. Iran Air said in December 2016 that it had finalized an agreement with Boeing to buy 80 new planes. The company accordingly announced that Boeing would start to deliver the planes in 2018 and the deliveries would be completed within 10 years. Iran has already received the first three of a total of 100 Airbus planes that it has purchased from the European company through an agreement worth around $18 billion. More deliveries are expected to take place over the next months.         LATEST STORIES (8) Syrian Army Controls 22 Villages, Farms near Maskan in Eastern Aleppo Homs: Army Forces Claim More Territory in Syria's Desert Iraqi Volunteer Forces Capture Ba'aj West of Mosul from ISIL Iraqis Leave Zanjili Neighborhood as Security Forces Continue Fighting ISIL in Western Mosul Iraqi Popular Forces Continue Pounding ISIL with Rockets in Syrian Border Region Syria: Army Soldiers Recapture Maskana's Water Pumping Station in Eastern Aleppo 7 Dead, 48 Injured in London Attacks Damascus: Inside Syrian Army's Tank Factory US-Backed Militants Take Control of Syria's 3rd largest Dam as Kurds Allow ISIL to Withdraw from Raqqa Syrian Soldiers Expel ISIL from Aleppo; Maskana Freed Envoy: Iran to Continue Supporting Syria in Anti-Terror Fight Iran Condemns Terrorist Attack in UK Iran Warns Against Terrorist Plots to Undermine Security in Region Iran: Paris Deal Withdrawal Shows US Irresponsibility Towards Int'l Community Dara'a: Syrian Army Kills Tens of Al-Nusra Terrorists, 3 Commanders Syrian Army Controls 22 Villages, Farms near Maskan in Eastern Aleppo TEHRAN (FNA)- Syrian army managed to capture 22 villages and farms near Maskana and eventually forced the ISIL terrorists to retreat from its last stronghold in Aleppo province, the town of Maskana, towards Raqqa province. [VIDEO] Homs: Army Forces Claim More Territory in Syria's Desert TEHRAN (FNA)- The Syrian army continued anti-ISIL operations in Eastern Homs, advancing in more areas towards Tadmur (Palmyra) and the province's oil fields and retaking control of several points. [VIDEO] Iraqi Volunteer Forces Capture Ba'aj West of Mosul from ISIL TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraq's Popular Forces captured the town of Ba'aj and its vicinity from the ISIL terror group, further shrinking the Northern region under their control as part of a comprehensive campaign to retake the city of Mosul. [PHOTOS] Iraqis Leave Zanjili Neighborhood as Security Forces Continue Fighting ISIL in Western Mosul TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraqi families left the Zanjili neighborhood in Western Mosul, as security forces continue offensive to retake the city from ISIL terrorists. [PHOTOS] Iraqi Popular Forces Continue Pounding ISIL with Rockets in Syrian Border Region TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraqi Popular Forces continue pounding ISIL positions in border regions with Syria and managed to fully liberate al-Ba’aj District in Nineveh Province from the grip of the terrorist group. [VIDEO] Syria: Army Soldiers Recapture Maskana's Water Pumping Station in Eastern Aleppo TEHRAN (FNA)- The Syrian Army troops continued their advances against ISIL near Lake Assad in Eastern Aleppo, and seized control over the Maskana's water pumping station before capturing the town of Maskana hours later. [VIDEO] 7 Dead, 48 Injured in London Attacks TEHRAN (FNA)- Seven people were killed and dozens more injured as three knife-wielding assailants sped across London Bridge in a white van, ramming numerous pedestrians, before emerging with large hunting knives for a stabbing spree in the capital’s Borough Market, a popular and crowded night spot. [PHOTOS] Damascus: Inside Syrian Army's Tank Factory TEHRAN (FNA)- Syrian engineers and workers mount the repaired engines of army tanks and military vehicles at a workshop of a plant for repairing and rebuilding armored vehicles in Damascus. [PHOTOS] US-Backed Militants Take Control of Syria's 3rd largest Dam as Kurds Allow ISIL to Withdraw from Raqqa TEHRAN (FNA)- The predominately Kurdish Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) continued the fourth phase of their Euphrates Rage Operation in Raqqa province and managed to take control of al-Ba'ath dam, the third largest water reservoir in the country. Syrian Soldiers Expel ISIL from Aleppo; Maskana Freed TEHRAN (FNA)- The Syrian army captured the strategic town of Maskana as the last ISIL stronghold in Aleppo province. Envoy: Iran to Continue Supporting Syria in Anti-Terror Fight TEHRAN (FNA)- Iranian Ambassador to Damascus Javad Torkabadi renewed his country's support for the Syrian government and nation against terrorist and extremist groups. Iran Condemns Terrorist Attack in UK TEHRAN (FNA)- Iranian Foreign Ministry Spokesman Bahram Qassemi condemned the Saturday's terrorist attack in London. Iran Warns Against Terrorist Plots to Undermine Security in Region TEHRAN (FNA)- Iranian Foreign Ministry Spokesman Bahram Qassemi warned against the rising terrorist attacks aimed at undermining regional security. Iran: Paris Deal Withdrawal Shows US Irresponsibility Towards Int'l Community TEHRAN (FNA)- Iranian Foreign Ministry Spokesman Bahram Qassemi underlined that a sudden decision by US President Donald Trump to pull his country out of the Paris agreement on climate change shows Washington's lack of accountability towards the international community. Dara'a: Syrian Army Kills Tens of Al-Nusra Terrorists, 3 Commanders TEHRAN (FNA)- The Syrian army continued it military operations against Al-Nusra Front (also known as Fatah al-Sham Front or the Levant Liberation Board) in Dara'a province, killing tens of terrorists, including several senior commanders. ﻿ ﻿ Sections Home World Politico-Defense Interviews Economy Multimedia Society & Culture All Stories Sci-Tech About us Contact us Fars News Agency Fars News Agency. All rights reserved 2017 ©
Skip Navigation Jump to Main Main navigation and Meta Navigation To Home Meta Main Navigation Watch TV Content Search OpenAll Sections All SectionsClose Section Navigation Title Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary OpenAll Sections Now Reading Canada: Boeing is trusted partner despite Bombardier dispute Toggle share menu Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail Jump to top Search OpenAll Sections Main Navigation Section Navigation Title Home Watch TV Compact Layout All Sections Close Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary Videos Catch-up TV TV Schedule Special Reports Singapore Parliament Weather PSI Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Play Store App Store Search Close Search Search Term Search Term Clear search input Search Canada: Boeing is trusted partner despite Bombardier dispute close breaking news Advertisement Business Canada: Boeing is trusted partner despite Bombardier dispute Canada's Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan said on Wednesday that Boeing Co will be a trusted military partner in the decades to come, even though the government has threatened to scrap plans to buy Boeing's fighter jets. The Boeing Company logo is projected on a wall at the "What's Next?" conference in Chicago, Illinois, U.S., October 4, 2016. REUTERS/Jim Young 2 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery. 31 May 2017 08:50PM Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail OTTAWA: Canada's Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan said on Wednesday that Boeing Co will be a trusted military partner in the decades to come, even though the government has threatened to scrap plans to buy Boeing's fighter jets. In the prepared text of a speech, Sajjan called on Boeing to abandon an anti-dumping challenge it has launched against Canadian plane maker Bombardier Inc, saying "it is not the behavior we expect of a trusted partner". (Reporting by David Ljunggren; Editing by Denny Thomas) Source: Reuters Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail More stories for you More information about Channel News Asia jump to top of page Sections Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary About Us About Channel NewsAsia Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Advertise with us Contact Sales Online Advertising TV Advertising Get the news that matters in your inbox every morning! Next try Plese enter your Email-address I consent to the use of my personal data by Mediacorp and the Mediacorp group of companies (collectively "Mediacorp") to send me marketing and advertising materials in relation to goods and services of Mediacorp and its business partners and for research and analysis SUBSCRIBE Follow our news Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Experience news with our apps Play Store App Store Copyright© Mediacorp 2017. Mediacorp Pte Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement
Executive Mosaic GovCon Wire ExecutiveBiz GovCon Executive GovCon Exec Magazine POC Executive Gov Latest News Acquisition & Procurement Civilian Agencies Defense & National Security Technology Health IT Profiles About Us Contact Us Home / Latest News / Lt. Gen. Arnold Bunch: Air Force to Get KC-46 Tanker Program Schedule Update in June Lt. Gen. Arnold Bunch: Air Force to Get KC-46 Tanker Program Schedule Update in June Jane Edwards May 31, 2017 Latest News, Resources 116 Views Lt. Gen. Arnold Bunch, military deputy of the U.S. Air Force’s acquisition office, has said Boeing has begun a schedule risk evaluation and will update the service branch by the first week of June whether the KC-46 tanker aircraft program will face another phase of schedule delays, Defense News reported Tuesday. “Boeing’s design of several subsystems and production of conformed hardware are still pending [Federal Aviation Administration] approval, which is slowing flight test execution,” Bunch said in a written testimony Thursday before a House Armed Services subpanel. He noted that several test planes are still integrating design changes and that Boeing is likely to hand over the first aircraft by Sept. 12. Bunch also called on lawmakers to support further modernization work on the KC-135 aircraft and provide sufficient funds for the development of KC-Y and KC-Z planes as follow-on aircraft programs to KC-46A since the 179 new tankers will only replace less than half of the Air Force’s existing fleet of KC-135 and KC-10 aircraft. His testimony came two months after the Government Accountability Office released a report, which showed a 14-month delay in the delivery of the first 18 KC-46 tanker planes and nine air refueling pods. Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Pinterest Tags Arnold Bunch Boeing FAA featured GAO govcon KC-10 KC-135 kc-46 KC-Y KC-Z schedule delay schedule risk assessment tanker aircraft U.S. Air Force Related Articles Thomas Zacharia Named Director of DOE’s Oak Ridge National Laboratory June 2, 2017 Corey duBrowa Joins Salesforce as EVP and Chief Communications Officer June 2, 2017 Trump Withdraws U.S. from the Paris Climate Accord June 2, 2017 Check Also GAO: Most Participating Agencies Met Spending Requirements Under Small Business R&D Programs The Government Accountability Office has found that most agencies met spending requirements under two small business … Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Newsletter Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Recent Posts Thomas Zacharia Named Director of DOE’s Oak Ridge National Laboratory Corey duBrowa Joins Salesforce as EVP and Chief Communications Officer Trump Withdraws U.S. from the Paris Climate Accord GAO: Most Participating Agencies Met Spending Requirements Under Small Business R&D Programs GAO: FDIC Should Further Implement Information Security Program, Address Configuration Mgmt Gaps Archives Archives Select Month June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 GovConWire Mitre General Counsel, Corporate Secretary Julie Bowen Takes SVP Role Parsons to Provide Construction, Program Mgmt Support to NNSA; Carey Smith Comments DXC to Provide PIV Services, USAccess Support Under $150M GSA Deal; Marilyn Crouther Comments CACI Hires Former Lockheed, BAE Exec as President of US Operations; Ken Asbury Comments CACI Unveils Expanded COO Role for John Mengucci; Ken Asbury Comments Unisys Federal Names BD Executive for DHS Programs; PV Puvvada Comments SAIC to Provide IT Services to EPA Under $320M Task Order; Bob Genter Comments AT&T Secures $119M GSA Task Order for Updates to CDC Comms Systems; Mike Leff Comments Jacobs Secures $130M Contract to Support Army Electronic Proving Ground; Darren Kraabel Comments SAP NS2’s Mark Testoni Urges Better Protection, Management of Legacy Systems Sponsor About ExecutiveGov ExecutiveGov, published by Executive Mosaic, is a site dedicated to the news and headlines in the federal government. ExecutiveGov serves as a news source for the hot topics and issues facing federal government departments and agencies such as Gov 2.0, cybersecurity policy, health IT, green IT and national security. We also aim to spotlight various federal government employees and interview key government executives whose impact resonates beyond their agency. ExecutiveBiz Mitre General Counsel, Corporate Secretary Julie Bowen Takes SVP Role Parsons to Provide Construction, Program Mgmt Support to NNSA; Carey Smith Comments DXC to Provide PIV Services, USAccess Support Under $150M GSA Deal; Marilyn Crouther Comments CACI Hires Former Lockheed, BAE Exec as President of US Operations; Ken Asbury Comments CACI Unveils Expanded COO Role for John Mengucci; Ken Asbury Comments Unisys Federal Names BD Executive for DHS Programs; PV Puvvada Comments @Follow Me .@Boeing taps Germany-based #COTESA for Chinook helicopter parts #GovCon https://t.co/tvWL8pfeNy2 hours ago Energy Department Announces Additional $20 Million in Research Awards https://t.co/8qaxfyKVPg #ARPA-E #DOE4 hours ago .@HIIndustries hands over USS Gerald R. Ford aircraft carrier to @USNavy #GovCon https://t.co/lCiHFKycSM4 hours ago Part of Executive Mosaic Network © Copyright 2017, All Rights Reserved
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Global Aerospace Winglets Market Anticipated to Grow at a CAGR of 9.7% During 2017 to 2022 and Reach $559 Million; Advanced Technology Winglet Likely to be the Fastest Growing Winglet Type Over the Next Five Years News provided by Stratview Research 31 May, 2017, 07:30 ET Share this article DETROIT, May 31, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Stratview Research  announces the launch of a new research report on Global Aerospace Winglets Market by Aircraft Type (Narrow-Body Aircraft, Wide-Body Aircraft, Very Large Aircraft, Regional Aircraft, and General Aviation), by Platform Type (B737, B747, B777, B787, A320 Family, A330/A340, A350XWB, A380, B737 Max, B777x, A320neo, E 175, C Series, and Others), by Winglet Type (Blended Winglets, Sharklets, Raked Wingtips, Split Scimitar Winglets, Wingtip Fences, Advanced Technology Winglets, Elliptical Winglets, and Others), by Manufacturing Process (Hand Layup Process, Automated Process, and Others), and by Region (North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and RoW), Trend, Forecast, Competitive Analysis, and Growth Opportunity: 2017-2022.      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160831/402975LOGO ) This 202-pages strategic report, from Stratview Research, studies the winglets market in the global aerospace industry over the period 2011 to 2022. The report provides detailed insights on the market dynamics to enable informed business decision making and growth strategy formulation based on the opportunities present in the market. Winglets Market in the Global Aerospace Industry: Highlights  As per Stratview Research, the global aerospace winglets market offers a healthy growth opportunity of 9.7% CAGR during the forecast period of 2017 to 2022 and reach an estimated $559 million in 2022. The author of the report stated that increasing production rate of commercial and regional aircraft, certification of winglets as a standard equipment in the variants of the best-selling aircraft, such as B737 Max and A320neo family, increasing adoption rate of winglets by airlines in both the new as well as retrofit installations, winglet technology advancement, and increasing fleet size are the key drivers of the global aerospace winglets market. The research's findings suggest that narrow-body aircraft is likely to remain the largest and the fastest-growing segment of the global aerospace winglets market during the forecast period of 2017 - 2022. B737 and A320 along with their recently launched variants would remain the growth engines of the winglets market in the narrow-body aerospace industry over the next five years.  In terms of winglet type, blended winglet dominates    the global aerospace winglets market, propelled by its certification in Boeing's best-selling aircraft program B737, however, advanced technology winglet is projected to witness the highest growth during the forecast period of 2017 - 2022. Blended winglets offer 3% to 5% increase in fuel efficiency as compared to the aircraft without the winglets. As per the study, North America is projected to remain the largest market for winglets during the forecast period, driven by the presence of assembly plants of Boeing and Bombardier. The region is also manufacturing capital of the aerospace industry with the presence of major composite part fabricators and raw material suppliers. Asia-Pacific is the fastest-growing winglets market over the next five years, driven by upcoming commercial and regional aircraft with winglets as an option and high commercial aircraft fleet size.  The key winglet manufacturers are FACC AG, Korean Air Aerospace Division, RUAG Aerostructures, GKN Aerospace, Winglet Technology LLC, and BLR Aerospace LLC. New product development, collaboration with OEMs, and formation of long-term contracts with OEMs are the key strategies adopted by the key players to gain a competitive edge in the market.  Click Here and Ask for Free Sample on 202 Pages Aerospace Winglets Market Report Report Features  This report provides market intelligence in the most comprehensive way. The report structure has been kept such that it offers maximum business value. It provides critical insights on the market dynamics and will enable strategic decision making for the existing market players as well as those willing to enter the market. The following are the key features of the report: Market structure: Overview, industry life cycle analysis, supply chain analysis. Market environment analysis: Growth drivers and constraints, Porter's five forces analysis, SWOT analysis. Market trend and forecast analysis. Market segment trend and forecast. Competitive landscape and dynamics: Market share, product portfolio, product launches, etc. Attractive market segments and associated growth opportunities. Emerging trends. Strategic growth opportunities for the existing and new players. Key success factors. This report studies the winglets market in the global aerospace industry and has segmented the market in five ways, keeping in mind the interest of all the stakeholders across the value chain. The following are the five ways in which the market is segmented: Global Aerospace Winglets Market by Aircraft Type:  Narrow-Body Aircraft Wide-Body Aircraft Very Large Aircraft Regional Aircraft General Aviation  Global Aerospace Winglets Market by Platform Type:  B737 B747 B777 B787 A320 Family A330 / A340 A350XWB A380 B737 Max B777x A320neo Family E175 C Series Others  Global Aerospace Winglets Market by Winglet Type  Advanced Technology Winglets Blended Winglets Elliptical Winglets Raked Winglets Sharklet Winglets Split Scimitar Winglets Wingtip Fence Winglets Others Global Aerospace Winglets by Manufacturing Process Type  Hand Layup Process Automated Process Other Process  Global Aerospace Winglets Market by Region   North America Europe Asia-Pacific Rest of the World  Stratview Research has number of high value market reports in the global aerospace & defense industry. Please refer to the following link to browse through our reports:   Click Here for Other Reports from Stratview Research in the Aerospace & Defense Industry Some of our other premium market reports in the aerospace & defense industry:  Global Aerospace & Defense Ducting Market by Aircraft Type, by Application, by Pressure Type, by Materials Type, and by Region, Trend, Forecast, Competitive Analysis, and Growth Opportunity: 2016 - 2021 Global aerospace & defense ducting market was estimated at $1.7 Billion in 2015, and is likely to grow with a CAGR of 5.9% over the next five years to reach $2.5 Billion by 2021. Increasing revenue per passenger kilometer due to growing worldwide economy and passenger traffic, increasing commercial and regional aircraft deliveries, increasing share of wide body aircraft in aircraft deliveries, and increasing commercial aircraft fleet size are some of the major growth drivers of the aerospace & defense ducting market. The market is moderately consolidated with more than two dozen players active in the market and top five players capturing close to 52% of the market in 2015. Global Aerospace Galley Trolley Market by Aircraft Type, by Platform Type, by Trolley Type, by Fit Type, by Region; Trend, Forecast, Competitive Analysis, and Growth Opportunity: 2016 - 2021 Global aerospace galley trolley market was estimated at $220 Million in 2015, and is likely to grow with a CAGR of 5.6% over the next five years to reach $322 Million by 2021. Increasing commercial and regional aircraft deliveries, increasing wide body aircraft share in the total commercial aircraft deliveries, and growing commercial aircraft fleet size are some of the major growth drivers of the aerospace galley trolley market. The global aerospace galley trolley market is highly consolidated with top 5 players captured 83% of the market in 2015. About Stratview Research   Stratview Research is a global market intelligence firm providing wide range of services including syndicated market reports, custom research and sourcing intelligence across industries, such as Advanced Materials, Aerospace & Defense, Automotive & Mass Transportation, Consumer Goods, Construction & Equipment, Electronics and Semiconductors, Energy & Utility, Healthcare & Life Sciences, and Oil & Gas. We have a strong team of industry veterans and analysts with an extensive experience in executing custom research projects for mid-sized to Fortune 500 companies, in the areas of Market Assessment, Opportunity Screening, Competitive Intelligence, Due Diligence, Target Screening, Market Entry Strategy, Go to Market Strategy, and Voice of Customer studies. Stratview Research is a trusted brand globally, providing high quality research and strategic insights that help companies worldwide in effective decision making.   For enquiries, Contact: Ritesh Gandecha Stratview Research E-mail: sales@stratviewresearch.com Direct: +1-313-307-4176 Feel free to drop an enquiry with us in the below page and our team will get back to you very soon: https://www.stratviewresearch.com/contact.html SOURCE Stratview Research 01 Jun, 2017, 08:30 ET Preview: Global Aerospace & Defense Connectors Market Poised to Grow at 5.1% CAGR During 2017 to 2022 and Reach $1.7 Billion in 2022, Signal Connector Likely to Remain the Most Dominant Product Type During the Forecast Period 09 May, 2017, 07:30 ET Preview: Global Composite Process Materials Market is Likely to Witness a Robust CAGR of 7.2% Over the Next Five Years and Reach US$ 1.2 Billion in 2022, Says a New Report From Stratview Research My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 09 May, 2017, 07:30 ET Global Aerospace & Defense Connectors Market Poised to Grow at... 09 May, 2017, 07:30 ET Global Composite Process Materials Market is Likely to Witness a... Explore More news releases in similar topics Automotive Aerospace & Defense Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global Aerospace Winglets Market Anticipated to Grow at a CAGR of 9.7% During 2017 to 2022 and Reach $559 Million; Advanced Technology Winglet Likely to be the Fastest Growing Winglet Type Over the Next Five Years News provided by Stratview Research 31 May, 2017, 07:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Greene, Tweed premiata con il Silver Boeing Performance Excellence Award KULPSVILLE, Pennsylvania–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Greene, Tweed & Co. ha ricevuto il 2016 Silver Boeing Performance Excellence Award, un riconoscimento conferito annualmente da Boeing ai fornitori che hanno conseguito risultati superiori nelle consegne. Greene, Tweed si è qualificata per il riconoscimento mantenendo una percentuale pari ad almeno il 98% di consegne puntuali durante il periodo di 12 mesi valutato per tale prestazione, da ottobre 2015 a settembre 2016. “Greene, Tweed è estremamente onorata di ricevere il Silver Boeing Performance Excellence Award per la quarta volta”, ha detto Gary Appleby, Vice President e General Manager della business unit aerospazio di Greene, Tweed. “Facciamo tutto il possibile per ottenere risultati superiori con il nostro portafoglio di soluzioni innovative, e sostenere questo impegno assicurando livelli costanti di eccellenza nel servizio clienti e nella tempestività delle consegne è stato cruciale per il nostro successo nel difficile settore aerospaziale.” Greene, Tweed fornisce sistema di tenuta avanzati e componenti in compositi termoplastici dalle prestazioni elevate per un’ampia gamma di programmi aeronautici di Boeing. Greene, Tweed è un leader nel settore aerospaziale da oltre 50 anni e i componenti che produce vengono utilizzati in oltre il 90% degli aerei commerciali e militari di tutto il mondo. Informazioni su Greene, Tweed Greene, Tweed mette a frutto la propria competenza in un ampio ventaglio di settori e prodotti per offrire ai clienti soluzioni innovative che li mettano in grado di far fronte ai problemi correlati alle prestazioni e ridurre il costo totale delle operazioni. Con stabilimenti di produzione, uffici vendite e una rete di assistenza nelle Americhe, in Europa e in Asia, Greene, Tweed garantisce soluzioni per le applicazioni dei clienti su scala globale. Da oltre 150 anni Greene, Tweed è all’avanguardia nell’innovazione ed è orgogliosa di fornire prodotti avanzati – Chemraz®, Arlon®, Avalon® e WR® & AR® – che trovano impiego nei cinque continenti. I prodotti Greene, Tweed vengono commercializzati e distribuiti ovunque nel mondo. Per maggiori informazioni, chiamare il numero +1.215.256.9521 o visitare il nostro sito web, www.gtweed.com. Il testo originale del presente annuncio, redatto nella lingua di partenza, è la versione ufficiale che fa fede. Le traduzioni sono offerte unicamente per comodità del lettore e devono rinviare al testo in lingua originale, che è l’unico giuridicamente valido. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Ultra-fine ATH Sales Market: Comprehensive Analysis, Perspective and Forecast, 2017 – 2022 Next PostNext Greene, Tweed Recebe Prêmio de Excelência em Desempenho Silver Boeing Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Greene, Tweed premiata con il Silver Boeing Performance Excellence Award KULPSVILLE, Pennsylvania–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Greene, Tweed & Co. ha ricevuto il 2016 Silver Boeing Performance Excellence Award, un riconoscimento conferito annualmente da Boeing ai fornitori che hanno conseguito risultati superiori nelle consegne. Greene, Tweed si è qualificata per il riconoscimento mantenendo una percentuale pari ad almeno il 98% di consegne puntuali durante il periodo di 12 mesi valutato per tale prestazione, da ottobre 2015 a settembre 2016. “Greene, Tweed è estremamente onorata di ricevere il Silver Boeing Performance Excellence Award per la quarta volta”, ha detto Gary Appleby, Vice President e General Manager della business unit aerospazio di Greene, Tweed. “Facciamo tutto il possibile per ottenere risultati superiori con il nostro portafoglio di soluzioni innovative, e sostenere questo impegno assicurando livelli costanti di eccellenza nel servizio clienti e nella tempestività delle consegne è stato cruciale per il nostro successo nel difficile settore aerospaziale.” Greene, Tweed fornisce sistema di tenuta avanzati e componenti in compositi termoplastici dalle prestazioni elevate per un’ampia gamma di programmi aeronautici di Boeing. Greene, Tweed è un leader nel settore aerospaziale da oltre 50 anni e i componenti che produce vengono utilizzati in oltre il 90% degli aerei commerciali e militari di tutto il mondo. Informazioni su Greene, Tweed Greene, Tweed mette a frutto la propria competenza in un ampio ventaglio di settori e prodotti per offrire ai clienti soluzioni innovative che li mettano in grado di far fronte ai problemi correlati alle prestazioni e ridurre il costo totale delle operazioni. Con stabilimenti di produzione, uffici vendite e una rete di assistenza nelle Americhe, in Europa e in Asia, Greene, Tweed garantisce soluzioni per le applicazioni dei clienti su scala globale. Da oltre 150 anni Greene, Tweed è all’avanguardia nell’innovazione ed è orgogliosa di fornire prodotti avanzati – Chemraz®, Arlon®, Avalon® e WR® & AR® – che trovano impiego nei cinque continenti. I prodotti Greene, Tweed vengono commercializzati e distribuiti ovunque nel mondo. Per maggiori informazioni, chiamare il numero +1.215.256.9521 o visitare il nostro sito web, www.gtweed.com. Il testo originale del presente annuncio, redatto nella lingua di partenza, è la versione ufficiale che fa fede. Le traduzioni sono offerte unicamente per comodità del lettore e devono rinviare al testo in lingua originale, che è l’unico giuridicamente valido. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Ultra-fine ATH Sales Market: Comprehensive Analysis, Perspective and Forecast, 2017 – 2022 Next PostNext Greene, Tweed Recebe Prêmio de Excelência em Desempenho Silver Boeing Search Recent Posts Tata Elxsi’s ‘AUTONOMAI’ Driverless Car Platform Selected by Leading OEM Pharmacy Automation Systems Market is expected to reach a CAGR of 6.7% during 2016 – 2026 PM O’Neill welcomes New World Bank Country Manager for PNG Paediatric Vaccine Market will increase at 14.4% CAGR during 2016-2026 Automotive Repair and Maintenance Services Market Poised to Rake US$ 750 Bn by the End of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Greene, Tweed reçoit le Silver Boeing Performance Excellence Award KULPSVILLE, Pennsylvanie–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Greene, Tweed & Co. a reçu le Prix argent d’excellence de performance de Boeing 2016, attribué par Boeing Company, qui décerne le prix chaque année pour récompenser les fournisseurs ayant fait preuve d’une excellente performance de livraison. Afin de se qualifier pour l’attribution du prix, Greene, Tweed a maintenu un taux de livraisons ponctuelles de 98% durant une période de 12 mois, d’octobre 2015 à septembre 2016. „Greene, Tweed est extrêmement fier de recevoir le Prix argent d’excellence de performance de Boeing pour la quatrième fois”, déclare Gary Appleby, vice-président et directeur général de l’activité aéronautique de Greene, Tweed. „Nous nous attelons à atteindre une performance supérieure grâce à notre portefeuille de solutions innovantes, en soutenant cet engagement avec une excellence permanente en matière de service client et le respect des délais a joué un rôle crucial pour notre réussite dans le très exigeant marché de l’aéronautique.” Greene, Tweed fournit des systèmes d’étanchéité avancés et des éléments composites thermoplastiques haute performance pour une variété de programmes d’avions Boeing. Greene, Tweed est un leader de l’industrie aéronautique depuis plus de 50 ans, et ses éléments sont utilisés dans plus de 90% des avions commerciaux et militaires du monde entier. À propos de Greene, Tweed Greene, Tweed met à profit son expertise dans une variété de marchés et de produits pour fournir à ses clients des solutions innovantes leur permettant de relever les défis en matière de performance et de réduire le coût total de fonctionnement. Avec des sites d’ingénierie, de ventes et d’assistance aux Amériques, en Europe et en Asie, Greene, Tweed fournit des solutions aux applications client à l’échelle mondiale. Depuis plus de 150 ans, Greene, Tweed est à l’avant-garde de l’innovation, et a la fierté de proposer des produits phares, notamment Chemraz®, Arlon®, Avalon® et WR® & AR®, vendus dans le monde entier. Les produits Greene, Tweed sont vendus et distribués dans le monde entier. Pour des informations supplémentaires, veuillez appeler le +1 215 256 9521, ou visiter notre site www.gtweed.com. Le texte du communiqué issu d’une traduction ne doit d’aucune manière être considéré comme officiel. La seule version du communiqué qui fasse foi est celle du communiqué dans sa langue d’origine. La traduction devra toujours être confrontée au texte source, qui fera jurisprudence. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Greene, Tweed Recebe Prêmio de Excelência em Desempenho Silver Boeing Next PostNext Time and Attendance Systems Market Report 2017: ADP, Kronos, Insperity, Ultimate Software Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Greene, Tweed reçoit le Silver Boeing Performance Excellence Award KULPSVILLE, Pennsylvanie–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Greene, Tweed & Co. a reçu le Prix argent d’excellence de performance de Boeing 2016, attribué par Boeing Company, qui décerne le prix chaque année pour récompenser les fournisseurs ayant fait preuve d’une excellente performance de livraison. Afin de se qualifier pour l’attribution du prix, Greene, Tweed a maintenu un taux de livraisons ponctuelles de 98% durant une période de 12 mois, d’octobre 2015 à septembre 2016. „Greene, Tweed est extrêmement fier de recevoir le Prix argent d’excellence de performance de Boeing pour la quatrième fois”, déclare Gary Appleby, vice-président et directeur général de l’activité aéronautique de Greene, Tweed. „Nous nous attelons à atteindre une performance supérieure grâce à notre portefeuille de solutions innovantes, en soutenant cet engagement avec une excellence permanente en matière de service client et le respect des délais a joué un rôle crucial pour notre réussite dans le très exigeant marché de l’aéronautique.” Greene, Tweed fournit des systèmes d’étanchéité avancés et des éléments composites thermoplastiques haute performance pour une variété de programmes d’avions Boeing. Greene, Tweed est un leader de l’industrie aéronautique depuis plus de 50 ans, et ses éléments sont utilisés dans plus de 90% des avions commerciaux et militaires du monde entier. À propos de Greene, Tweed Greene, Tweed met à profit son expertise dans une variété de marchés et de produits pour fournir à ses clients des solutions innovantes leur permettant de relever les défis en matière de performance et de réduire le coût total de fonctionnement. Avec des sites d’ingénierie, de ventes et d’assistance aux Amériques, en Europe et en Asie, Greene, Tweed fournit des solutions aux applications client à l’échelle mondiale. Depuis plus de 150 ans, Greene, Tweed est à l’avant-garde de l’innovation, et a la fierté de proposer des produits phares, notamment Chemraz®, Arlon®, Avalon® et WR® & AR®, vendus dans le monde entier. Les produits Greene, Tweed sont vendus et distribués dans le monde entier. Pour des informations supplémentaires, veuillez appeler le +1 215 256 9521, ou visiter notre site www.gtweed.com. Le texte du communiqué issu d’une traduction ne doit d’aucune manière être considéré comme officiel. La seule version du communiqué qui fasse foi est celle du communiqué dans sa langue d’origine. La traduction devra toujours être confrontée au texte source, qui fera jurisprudence. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Greene, Tweed Recebe Prêmio de Excelência em Desempenho Silver Boeing Next PostNext Time and Attendance Systems Market Report 2017: ADP, Kronos, Insperity, Ultimate Software Search Recent Posts Tata Elxsi’s ‘AUTONOMAI’ Driverless Car Platform Selected by Leading OEM Pharmacy Automation Systems Market is expected to reach a CAGR of 6.7% during 2016 – 2026 PM O’Neill welcomes New World Bank Country Manager for PNG Paediatric Vaccine Market will increase at 14.4% CAGR during 2016-2026 Automotive Repair and Maintenance Services Market Poised to Rake US$ 750 Bn by the End of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Greene, Tweed Recebe Prêmio de Excelência em Desempenho Silver Boeing KULPSVILLE, Pa.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Greene, Tweed & Co. recebeu o Prêmio de Excelência em Desempenho Silver Boeing 2016, concedido pela empresa Boeing que divulga o prêmio anualmente a fim de reconhecer fornecedores que tenham obtido desempenho superior em entregas. Para se qualificar ao prêmio, a Greene, Tweed manteve pelo menos 98% de entregas pontuais durante o período de desempenho de 12 meses, de outubro de 2015 a setembro de 2016. „A Greene, Tweed está incrivelmente orgulhosa de receber o Prêmio de Excelência em Desempenho Silver Boeing pela quarta vez,” disse Gary Appleby, Vice-Presidente e Gerente Geral de Negócios Aeroespaciais na Greene, Tweed. „Nos esforçamos por alcançar o desempenho superior com nosso portfólio inovador de soluções, sendo que apoiar este compromisso com excelência consistente na prestação de serviços a clientes e entregas pontuais foi crucial para nosso sucesso na demanda do mercado aeroespacial.” A Greene, Tweed fornece sistemas avançados de vedação e componentes de composto termoplástico de alto desempenho a uma variedade de programas de aviação da Boeing. A Greene, Tweed vem sendo líder na indústria aeroespacial por mais de 50 anos, sendo seus componentes utilizados em mais de 90% das aeronaves comerciais e militares do mundo. Sobre a Greene, Tweed Greene, Tweed alavanca a experiência em vários mercados e produtos para dar aos clientes soluções inovadoras a fim de satisfazer os desafios de desempenho e reduzir o custo total de operação. Com engenharia, vendas e suporte localizados em todas as Américas, Europa e Ásia, a Greene, Tweed fornece soluções para aplicações de clientes em uma escala global. Por mais de 150 anos, a Greene, Tweed tem estado na vanguarda da inovação e orgulhosa em fornecer os principais produtos, incluindo Chemraz®, Arlon®, Avalon® e WR® & AR®, que são vendidos mundialmente. Os produtos da Greene, Tweed são vendidos e distribuídos em todo o mundo. Para mais informação, ligue +1 215 256 9521 ou visite nosso site em www.gtweed.com. O texto no idioma original deste anúncio é a versão oficial autorizada. As traduções são fornecidas apenas como uma facilidade e devem se referir ao texto no idioma original, que é a única versão do texto que tem efeito legal. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Greene, Tweed premiata con il Silver Boeing Performance Excellence Award Next PostNext Greene, Tweed reçoit le Silver Boeing Performance Excellence Award Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Greene, Tweed Recebe Prêmio de Excelência em Desempenho Silver Boeing KULPSVILLE, Pa.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Greene, Tweed & Co. recebeu o Prêmio de Excelência em Desempenho Silver Boeing 2016, concedido pela empresa Boeing que divulga o prêmio anualmente a fim de reconhecer fornecedores que tenham obtido desempenho superior em entregas. Para se qualificar ao prêmio, a Greene, Tweed manteve pelo menos 98% de entregas pontuais durante o período de desempenho de 12 meses, de outubro de 2015 a setembro de 2016. „A Greene, Tweed está incrivelmente orgulhosa de receber o Prêmio de Excelência em Desempenho Silver Boeing pela quarta vez,” disse Gary Appleby, Vice-Presidente e Gerente Geral de Negócios Aeroespaciais na Greene, Tweed. „Nos esforçamos por alcançar o desempenho superior com nosso portfólio inovador de soluções, sendo que apoiar este compromisso com excelência consistente na prestação de serviços a clientes e entregas pontuais foi crucial para nosso sucesso na demanda do mercado aeroespacial.” A Greene, Tweed fornece sistemas avançados de vedação e componentes de composto termoplástico de alto desempenho a uma variedade de programas de aviação da Boeing. A Greene, Tweed vem sendo líder na indústria aeroespacial por mais de 50 anos, sendo seus componentes utilizados em mais de 90% das aeronaves comerciais e militares do mundo. Sobre a Greene, Tweed Greene, Tweed alavanca a experiência em vários mercados e produtos para dar aos clientes soluções inovadoras a fim de satisfazer os desafios de desempenho e reduzir o custo total de operação. Com engenharia, vendas e suporte localizados em todas as Américas, Europa e Ásia, a Greene, Tweed fornece soluções para aplicações de clientes em uma escala global. Por mais de 150 anos, a Greene, Tweed tem estado na vanguarda da inovação e orgulhosa em fornecer os principais produtos, incluindo Chemraz®, Arlon®, Avalon® e WR® & AR®, que são vendidos mundialmente. Os produtos da Greene, Tweed são vendidos e distribuídos em todo o mundo. Para mais informação, ligue +1 215 256 9521 ou visite nosso site em www.gtweed.com. O texto no idioma original deste anúncio é a versão oficial autorizada. As traduções são fornecidas apenas como uma facilidade e devem se referir ao texto no idioma original, que é a única versão do texto que tem efeito legal. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Greene, Tweed premiata con il Silver Boeing Performance Excellence Award Next PostNext Greene, Tweed reçoit le Silver Boeing Performance Excellence Award Search Recent Posts Tata Elxsi’s ‘AUTONOMAI’ Driverless Car Platform Selected by Leading OEM Pharmacy Automation Systems Market is expected to reach a CAGR of 6.7% during 2016 – 2026 PM O’Neill welcomes New World Bank Country Manager for PNG Paediatric Vaccine Market will increase at 14.4% CAGR during 2016-2026 Automotive Repair and Maintenance Services Market Poised to Rake US$ 750 Bn by the End of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Greene, Tweed erhält Silver Boeing Performance Excellence Award KULPSVILLE, Pennsylvania–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Greene, Tweed & Co. ist Empfänger des 2016 Silver Boeing Performance Excellence Award, mit dem die Boeing Company jedes Jahr diejenigen Zulieferer würdigt, die sich besonders hervorgetan haben. Mit der Auszeichnung wurde anerkannt, dass Greene, Tweed in dem Zwölfmonatszeitraum von Oktober 2015 bis September 2016 in mindestens 98 Prozent der Fälle zeitgerecht geliefert hat. „Greene, Tweed ist sehr stolz darauf, den Silver Boeing Performance Excellence Award bereits zum vierten Mal erhalten zu haben“, erklärte Gary Appleby, Vice President und General Manager der Luft- und Raumfahrt-Gruppe von Greene, Tweed. „Wir sind stets bestrebt, mit unserem innovativen Lösungsportfolio überlegene Leistungen zu erzielen, und wir untermauern dieses Engagement mit beständigen Spitzenleistungen im Kundendienst. Zeitgerechte Lieferung ist ein entscheidender Aspekt unseres Erfolgs im anspruchsvollen Luft- und Raumfahrtmarkt.“ Greene, Tweed liefert fortschrittliche Dichtungssysteme und leistungsstarke thermoplastische Verbundbauteile für diverse Boeing-Flugzeugprogramme. Greene, Tweed ist seit mehr als 50 Jahren ein führendes Unternehmen der Luftfahrtbranche und seine Bauteile kommen in über 90 Prozent der Verkehrs- und Militärflugzeuge weltweit zum Einsatz. Über Greene, Tweed Greene, Tweed nutzt langjährige Erfahrungen mit diversen Märkten und Produkten, um seinen Kunden innovative Lösungen bereitzustellen, mit denen diese ihre Leistungsherausforderungen bewältigen und die Gesamtbetriebskosten senken können. Das Unternehmen verfügt über technische, Vertriebs- und Supportmitarbeiter in allen Teilen Amerikas, Europa und Asien und ist damit in der Lage, auf globaler Ebene Lösungen für individuelle Anwendungen zu liefern. Greene, Tweed positioniert sich seit über 150 Jahren an der vordersten Front der Innovation und ist stolz darauf, führende Produkte anzubieten, beispielsweise Chemraz®, Arlon®, Avalon® und WR® & AR®, die weltweit im Handel sind. Die Produkte von Greene, Tweed werden in der ganzen Welt verkauft und vertrieben. Weitere Informationen erhalten Sie telefonisch unter der Rufnummer +1.215.256.9521 oder auf unserer Website unter www.gtweed.com. Die Ausgangssprache, in der der Originaltext veröffentlicht wird, ist die offizielle und autorisierte Version. Übersetzungen werden zur besseren Verständigung mitgeliefert. Nur die Sprachversion, die im Original veröffentlicht wurde, ist rechtsgültig. Gleichen Sie deshalb Übersetzungen mit der originalen Sprachversion der Veröffentlichung ab. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New Report of Cryogenic Equipment Market Share, Growth by Top Company, Region, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecasts by 2021 Next PostNext m-Xylene Market Analytical Overview, Growth Factors, Demand and Trends Forecast Report till 2022 Search Recent Posts Tata Elxsi’s ‘AUTONOMAI’ Driverless Car Platform Selected by Leading OEM Pharmacy Automation Systems Market is expected to reach a CAGR of 6.7% during 2016 – 2026 PM O’Neill welcomes New World Bank Country Manager for PNG Paediatric Vaccine Market will increase at 14.4% CAGR during 2016-2026 Automotive Repair and Maintenance Services Market Poised to Rake US$ 750 Bn by the End of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Greene, Tweed Receives Silver Boeing Performance Excellence Award KULPSVILLE, Pa.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Greene, Tweed & Co. received the 2016 Silver Boeing Performance Excellence Award, given by the Boeing Company who issues the award annually to recognize suppliers who have achieved superior delivery performance. To qualify for the award, Greene, Tweed maintained at least 98% on-time delivery during a 12-month performance period, from October 2015 to September 2016. “Greene, Tweed is incredibly proud to receive the Silver Boeing Performance Excellence Award for the fourth time,” says Gary Appleby, Vice President and General Manager of Greene, Tweed’s aerospace business. “We strive to achieve superior performance with our innovative portfolio of solutions, and supporting this commitment with consistent excellence in customer service and on-time delivery has been critical to our success in the demanding aerospace market.” Greene, Tweed supplies advanced sealing systems and high-performance thermoplastic composite components for a variety of Boeing aircraft programs. Greene, Tweed has been a leader in the aerospace industry for over 50 years, and its components are utilized in more than 90% of the world’s commercial and military aircraft. About Greene, Tweed Greene, Tweed leverages expertise in a variety of markets and products to give customers innovative solutions to meet performance challenges and reduce total cost of operation. With engineering, sales, and support located throughout the Americas, Europe, and Asia, Greene, Tweed delivers solutions to customer applications on a global scale. For over 150 years, Greene, Tweed has been at the forefront of innovation, and is proud to deliver leading products, including Chemraz®, Arlon®, Avalon®, and WR® & AR®, which are sold worldwide. Greene, Tweed products are sold and distributed worldwide. For additional information, call +1.215.256.9521, or visit our website at www.gtweed.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious m-Xylene Market Analytical Overview, Growth Factors, Demand and Trends Forecast Report till 2022 Next PostNext Acetone Market Latest Report 2021: Expert Predictions Are Unable To Keep Pace with Dramatic Rise in Acetone Industry Search Recent Posts Viamet Presents Phase 2b Results Demonstrating Unprecedented Efficacy of Oral VT-1161 in the Treatment of Recurrent Vulvovaginal Candidiasis New World Bank Project in Djibouti to Fund Electricity Connections for 14,000 of the Poorest Households Pieris Pharmaceuticals Announces Presentation of Clinical Data for Anemia Drug Candidate, PRS-080, at the 54th ERA-EDTA Congress UN chief strongly condemns terrorist attacks in London U.S. Asia-Pacific Presence ‘Healthy, Robust, Valuable,’ Dunford Says Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Events Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110+44 (0)20 7454 5110 Log In Sign Up News Products Contact Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web site Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government Labor & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Handicapped, Disabled Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Global Aerospace Winglets Market Anticipated to Grow at a CAGR of 9.7% During 2017 to 2022 and Reach $559 Million; Advanced Technology Winglet Likely to be the Fastest Growing Winglet Type Over the Next Five Years News provided by Stratview Research 31 May, 2017, 12:30 BST Share this article DETROIT, May 31, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Stratview Research  announces the launch of a new research report on Global Aerospace Winglets Market by Aircraft Type (Narrow-Body Aircraft, Wide-Body Aircraft, Very Large Aircraft, Regional Aircraft, and General Aviation), by Platform Type (B737, B747, B777, B787, A320 Family, A330/A340, A350XWB, A380, B737 Max, B777x, A320neo, E 175, C Series, and Others), by Winglet Type (Blended Winglets, Sharklets, Raked Wingtips, Split Scimitar Winglets, Wingtip Fences, Advanced Technology Winglets, Elliptical Winglets, and Others), by Manufacturing Process (Hand Layup Process, Automated Process, and Others), and by Region (North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and RoW), Trend, Forecast, Competitive Analysis, and Growth Opportunity: 2017-2022.      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160831/402975LOGO ) This 202-pages strategic report, from Stratview Research, studies the winglets market in the global aerospace industry over the period 2011 to 2022. The report provides detailed insights on the market dynamics to enable informed business decision making and growth strategy formulation based on the opportunities present in the market. Winglets Market in the Global Aerospace Industry: Highlights  As per Stratview Research, the global aerospace winglets market offers a healthy growth opportunity of 9.7% CAGR during the forecast period of 2017 to 2022 and reach an estimated $559 million in 2022. The author of the report stated that increasing production rate of commercial and regional aircraft, certification of winglets as a standard equipment in the variants of the best-selling aircraft, such as B737 Max and A320neo family, increasing adoption rate of winglets by airlines in both the new as well as retrofit installations, winglet technology advancement, and increasing fleet size are the key drivers of the global aerospace winglets market. The research's findings suggest that narrow-body aircraft is likely to remain the largest and the fastest-growing segment of the global aerospace winglets market during the forecast period of 2017 - 2022. B737 and A320 along with their recently launched variants would remain the growth engines of the winglets market in the narrow-body aerospace industry over the next five years.  In terms of winglet type, blended winglet dominates    the global aerospace winglets market, propelled by its certification in Boeing's best-selling aircraft program B737, however, advanced technology winglet is projected to witness the highest growth during the forecast period of 2017 - 2022. Blended winglets offer 3% to 5% increase in fuel efficiency as compared to the aircraft without the winglets. As per the study, North America is projected to remain the largest market for winglets during the forecast period, driven by the presence of assembly plants of Boeing and Bombardier. The region is also manufacturing capital of the aerospace industry with the presence of major composite part fabricators and raw material suppliers. Asia-Pacific is the fastest-growing winglets market over the next five years, driven by upcoming commercial and regional aircraft with winglets as an option and high commercial aircraft fleet size.  The key winglet manufacturers are FACC AG, Korean Air Aerospace Division, RUAG Aerostructures, GKN Aerospace, Winglet Technology LLC, and BLR Aerospace LLC. New product development, collaboration with OEMs, and formation of long-term contracts with OEMs are the key strategies adopted by the key players to gain a competitive edge in the market.  Click Here and Ask for Free Sample on 202 Pages Aerospace Winglets Market Report Report Features  This report provides market intelligence in the most comprehensive way. The report structure has been kept such that it offers maximum business value. It provides critical insights on the market dynamics and will enable strategic decision making for the existing market players as well as those willing to enter the market. The following are the key features of the report: Market structure: Overview, industry life cycle analysis, supply chain analysis. Market environment analysis: Growth drivers and constraints, Porter's five forces analysis, SWOT analysis. Market trend and forecast analysis. Market segment trend and forecast. Competitive landscape and dynamics: Market share, product portfolio, product launches, etc. Attractive market segments and associated growth opportunities. Emerging trends. Strategic growth opportunities for the existing and new players. Key success factors. This report studies the winglets market in the global aerospace industry and has segmented the market in five ways, keeping in mind the interest of all the stakeholders across the value chain. The following are the five ways in which the market is segmented: Global Aerospace Winglets Market by Aircraft Type:  Narrow-Body Aircraft Wide-Body Aircraft Very Large Aircraft Regional Aircraft General Aviation  Global Aerospace Winglets Market by Platform Type:  B737 B747 B777 B787 A320 Family A330 / A340 A350XWB A380 B737 Max B777x A320neo Family E175 C Series Others  Global Aerospace Winglets Market by Winglet Type  Advanced Technology Winglets Blended Winglets Elliptical Winglets Raked Winglets Sharklet Winglets Split Scimitar Winglets Wingtip Fence Winglets Others Global Aerospace Winglets by Manufacturing Process Type  Hand Layup Process Automated Process Other Process  Global Aerospace Winglets Market by Region   North America Europe Asia-Pacific Rest of the World  Stratview Research has number of high value market reports in the global aerospace & defense industry. Please refer to the following link to browse through our reports:   Click Here for Other Reports from Stratview Research in the Aerospace & Defense Industry Some of our other premium market reports in the aerospace & defense industry:  Global Aerospace & Defense Ducting Market by Aircraft Type, by Application, by Pressure Type, by Materials Type, and by Region, Trend, Forecast, Competitive Analysis, and Growth Opportunity: 2016 - 2021 Global aerospace & defense ducting market was estimated at $1.7 Billion in 2015, and is likely to grow with a CAGR of 5.9% over the next five years to reach $2.5 Billion by 2021. Increasing revenue per passenger kilometer due to growing worldwide economy and passenger traffic, increasing commercial and regional aircraft deliveries, increasing share of wide body aircraft in aircraft deliveries, and increasing commercial aircraft fleet size are some of the major growth drivers of the aerospace & defense ducting market. The market is moderately consolidated with more than two dozen players active in the market and top five players capturing close to 52% of the market in 2015. Global Aerospace Galley Trolley Market by Aircraft Type, by Platform Type, by Trolley Type, by Fit Type, by Region; Trend, Forecast, Competitive Analysis, and Growth Opportunity: 2016 - 2021 Global aerospace galley trolley market was estimated at $220 Million in 2015, and is likely to grow with a CAGR of 5.6% over the next five years to reach $322 Million by 2021. Increasing commercial and regional aircraft deliveries, increasing wide body aircraft share in the total commercial aircraft deliveries, and growing commercial aircraft fleet size are some of the major growth drivers of the aerospace galley trolley market. The global aerospace galley trolley market is highly consolidated with top 5 players captured 83% of the market in 2015. About Stratview Research   Stratview Research is a global market intelligence firm providing wide range of services including syndicated market reports, custom research and sourcing intelligence across industries, such as Advanced Materials, Aerospace & Defense, Automotive & Mass Transportation, Consumer Goods, Construction & Equipment, Electronics and Semiconductors, Energy & Utility, Healthcare & Life Sciences, and Oil & Gas. We have a strong team of industry veterans and analysts with an extensive experience in executing custom research projects for mid-sized to Fortune 500 companies, in the areas of Market Assessment, Opportunity Screening, Competitive Intelligence, Due Diligence, Target Screening, Market Entry Strategy, Go to Market Strategy, and Voice of Customer studies. Stratview Research is a trusted brand globally, providing high quality research and strategic insights that help companies worldwide in effective decision making.   For enquiries, Contact: Ritesh Gandecha Stratview Research E-mail: sales@stratviewresearch.com Direct: +1-313-307-4176 Feel free to drop an enquiry with us in the below page and our team will get back to you very soon: https://www.stratviewresearch.com/contact.html SOURCE Stratview Research 01 Jun, 2017, 13:30 BST Preview: Global Aerospace & Defense Connectors Market Poised to Grow at 5.1% CAGR During 2017 to 2022 and Reach $1.7 Billion in 2022, Signal Connector Likely to Remain the Most Dominant Product Type During the Forecast Period 09 May, 2017, 12:30 BST Preview: Global Composite Process Materials Market is Likely to Witness a Robust CAGR of 7.2% Over the Next Five Years and Reach US$ 1.2 Billion in 2022, Says a New Report From Stratview Research My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 01 Jun, 2017, 13:30 BSTGlobal Aerospace & Defense Connectors Market Poised to Grow at... 09 May, 2017, 12:30 BSTGlobal Composite Process Materials Market is Likely to Witness a... Explore More news releases in similar topics Automotive Aerospace & Defense Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global Aerospace Winglets Market Anticipated to Grow at a CAGR of 9.7% During 2017 to 2022 and Reach $559 Million; Advanced Technology Winglet Likely to be the Fastest Growing Winglet Type Over the Next Five Years News provided by Stratview Research 31 May, 2017, 12:30 BST Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Contact Us +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Contact PR Newswire +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Contact Us Overview Request More Info Become a Partner   Products The Wire Multimedia News Releases Disclosure Services Media Intelligence About About PR Newswire About Cision Partnering Opportunities Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France Germany India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United States My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Products Contact News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web site Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government Labor & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Handicapped, Disabled Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Phone +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Greene, Tweed reçoit le Silver Boeing Performance Excellence Award May 31, 2017 07:01 AM Eastern Daylight Time KULPSVILLE, Pennsylvanie--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Greene, Tweed & Co. a reçu le Prix argent d'excellence de performance de Boeing 2016, attribué par Boeing Company, qui décerne le prix chaque année pour récompenser les fournisseurs ayant fait preuve d'une excellente performance de livraison. Afin de se qualifier pour l'attribution du prix, Greene, Tweed a maintenu un taux de livraisons ponctuelles de 98% durant une période de 12 mois, d'octobre 2015 à septembre 2016. "Greene, Tweed est extrêmement fier de recevoir le Prix argent d'excellence de performance de Boeing pour la quatrième fois", déclare Gary Appleby, vice-président et directeur général de l'activité aéronautique de Greene, Tweed. "Nous nous attelons à atteindre une performance supérieure grâce à notre portefeuille de solutions innovantes, en soutenant cet engagement avec une excellence permanente en matière de service client et le respect des délais a joué un rôle crucial pour notre réussite dans le très exigeant marché de l'aéronautique." Greene, Tweed fournit des systèmes d'étanchéité avancés et des éléments composites thermoplastiques haute performance pour une variété de programmes d'avions Boeing. Greene, Tweed est un leader de l'industrie aéronautique depuis plus de 50 ans, et ses éléments sont utilisés dans plus de 90% des avions commerciaux et militaires du monde entier. À propos de Greene, Tweed Greene, Tweed met à profit son expertise dans une variété de marchés et de produits pour fournir à ses clients des solutions innovantes leur permettant de relever les défis en matière de performance et de réduire le coût total de fonctionnement. Avec des sites d'ingénierie, de ventes et d'assistance aux Amériques, en Europe et en Asie, Greene, Tweed fournit des solutions aux applications client à l'échelle mondiale. Depuis plus de 150 ans, Greene, Tweed est à l'avant-garde de l'innovation, et a la fierté de proposer des produits phares, notamment Chemraz®, Arlon®, Avalon® et WR® & AR®, vendus dans le monde entier. Les produits Greene, Tweed sont vendus et distribués dans le monde entier. Pour des informations supplémentaires, veuillez appeler le +1 215 256 9521, ou visiter notre site www.gtweed.com. Le texte du communiqué issu d’une traduction ne doit d’aucune manière être considéré comme officiel. La seule version du communiqué qui fasse foi est celle du communiqué dans sa langue d’origine. La traduction devra toujours être confrontée au texte source, qui fera jurisprudence. Contacts Greene, Tweed & Co. Chris Aldred Marketing d'entreprise Bureau: +1 267 932 5389 caldred@gtweed.com Contacts Greene, Tweed & Co. Chris Aldred Marketing d'entreprise Bureau: +1 267 932 5389 caldred@gtweed.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Greene, Tweed premiata con il Silver Boeing Performance Excellence Award May 31, 2017 07:01 AM Eastern Daylight Time KULPSVILLE, Pennsylvania--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Greene, Tweed & Co. ha ricevuto il 2016 Silver Boeing Performance Excellence Award, un riconoscimento conferito annualmente da Boeing ai fornitori che hanno conseguito risultati superiori nelle consegne. Greene, Tweed si è qualificata per il riconoscimento mantenendo una percentuale pari ad almeno il 98% di consegne puntuali durante il periodo di 12 mesi valutato per tale prestazione, da ottobre 2015 a settembre 2016. “Greene, Tweed è estremamente onorata di ricevere il Silver Boeing Performance Excellence Award per la quarta volta”, ha detto Gary Appleby, Vice President e General Manager della business unit aerospazio di Greene, Tweed. “Facciamo tutto il possibile per ottenere risultati superiori con il nostro portafoglio di soluzioni innovative, e sostenere questo impegno assicurando livelli costanti di eccellenza nel servizio clienti e nella tempestività delle consegne è stato cruciale per il nostro successo nel difficile settore aerospaziale.” Greene, Tweed fornisce sistema di tenuta avanzati e componenti in compositi termoplastici dalle prestazioni elevate per un’ampia gamma di programmi aeronautici di Boeing. Greene, Tweed è un leader nel settore aerospaziale da oltre 50 anni e i componenti che produce vengono utilizzati in oltre il 90% degli aerei commerciali e militari di tutto il mondo. Informazioni su Greene, Tweed Greene, Tweed mette a frutto la propria competenza in un ampio ventaglio di settori e prodotti per offrire ai clienti soluzioni innovative che li mettano in grado di far fronte ai problemi correlati alle prestazioni e ridurre il costo totale delle operazioni. Con stabilimenti di produzione, uffici vendite e una rete di assistenza nelle Americhe, in Europa e in Asia, Greene, Tweed garantisce soluzioni per le applicazioni dei clienti su scala globale. Da oltre 150 anni Greene, Tweed è all’avanguardia nell’innovazione ed è orgogliosa di fornire prodotti avanzati – Chemraz®, Arlon®, Avalon® e WR® & AR® – che trovano impiego nei cinque continenti. I prodotti Greene, Tweed vengono commercializzati e distribuiti ovunque nel mondo. Per maggiori informazioni, chiamare il numero +1.215.256.9521 o visitare il nostro sito web, www.gtweed.com. Il testo originale del presente annuncio, redatto nella lingua di partenza, è la versione ufficiale che fa fede. Le traduzioni sono offerte unicamente per comodità del lettore e devono rinviare al testo in lingua originale, che è l'unico giuridicamente valido. Contacts Greene, Tweed & Co. Chris Aldred Corporate Marketing Ufficio: +1-267-932-5389 caldred@gtweed.com Contacts Greene, Tweed & Co. Chris Aldred Corporate Marketing Ufficio: +1-267-932-5389 caldred@gtweed.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Follow بالعربيه Log In Search this site: Country Specific News Algeria Bahrain Egypt Iran Iraq Jordan KSA Kuwait Lebanon Libya Morocco Oman Palestine Qatar Sudan Syria Tunisia UAE Yemen HOME NEWS BUSINESS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS WEATHER EDITOR'S CHOICE THE LOOP Home » Business » Transport And Aviation » Turkish Airlines Received Its 30th 777-300er From Boeing ALSO IN BUSINESS 1 - 5 OF 15 Trump Will Need More Than a Covfefe to Beat King Salman's 147,000 Retweets on Twitter Elon Musk Has a Dream.. and It Starts in Dubai Jordan's Unemployment Rate Hits Highest Level in 25 Years Saudi Arabia Bans Promotional Brochures at Doorsteps, Fines Up to SR500 Bahrain's Mumtalakat Eyes Share in Saudi Aramco IPO Jordan's New Aqaba Terminal Set for Early 2018 Launch Goldman Sachs Eyes Expansion in Saudi Arabia With Equities Trading License UAE Joins World's Top 10 Most Competitive Countries, Its First Time Ever Royal Jordanian Starts Weekly Direct Flights to Dubai, From Aqaba Worker Abuse at Ivanka Trump's Shoe Factory in China? 'Fitch Ratings Affirming Tunisia at B+ Meant to Reassure Investors': Economist UAE Approves Draft Law on Domestic Workers to Stop 'Slave-Like' Conditions Jordan Cuts Government Spending by $288 Million in 2017 State Budget Saudi Aramco Partners With Hyundai, Lamprell and Bahri to Build GCC's Biggest Shipyard No Laptop Ban on US Flights From Europe, for Now Turkish Airlines Received Its 30th 777-300ER From Boeing Turkish Airlines Received Its 30th 777-300ER From Boeing 2.5 5 Published May 31st, 2017 - 08:57 GMT Press Release Rate Article: 2.5 Select ratingPoorOkayGoodGreatAwesome   Tweet comment (0) Share: Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin Pinterest Delicious Stumbleupon Digg Reddit The airline took the delivery of its 30th Boeing 777-300ER that welcomed with a traditional water salute. Follow > Click here to add Assan Hanil as an alert Click here to remove the Assan Hanil alert Disable alert for Assan Hanil, Click here to add Boeing Commercial Airplanes as an alert Click here to remove the Boeing Commercial Airplanes alert Disable alert for Boeing Commercial Airplanes, Click here to add Can Şaşmaz as an alert Click here to remove the Can Şaşmaz alert Disable alert for Can Şaşmaz, Click here to add M. İlker Aycı as an alert Click here to remove the M. İlker Aycı alert Disable alert for M. İlker Aycı, Click here to add Marty Bentrott as an alert Click here to remove the Marty Bentrott alert Disable alert for Marty Bentrott, Click here to add The Boeing as an alert Click here to remove the The Boeing alert Disable alert for The Boeing, Click here to add Turkish Airlines as an alert Click here to remove the Turkish Airlines alert Disable alert for Turkish Airlines, Click here to add Turkish Aviation Industry as an alert Click here to remove the Turkish Aviation Industry alert Disable alert for Turkish Aviation Industry, Click here to add Turkish Seat Industries as an alert Click here to remove the Turkish Seat Industries alert Disable alert for Turkish Seat Industries, Click here to add Turkish Seats Industries as an alert Click here to remove the Turkish Seats Industries alert Disable alert for Turkish Seats Industries Boeing and Turkish Airlines have celebrated the Turkish flag-carrier’s new direct delivery with a special event within this afternoon at its base at Istanbul Ataturk Airport. The airline took the delivery of its 30th Boeing 777-300ER that welcomed with a traditional water salute. The 777-300ER’ arrival, the latest addition to the European carrier’s growing fleet of more than 100 Boeing airplanes, also comes into prominence as a highly significant delivery for the carrier as it is the first aircraft to feature seats by Turkish Seats Industries (TSI), a complete Turkish brand through a close collaboration with Boeing. TSI, the first locally aircraft seat producer in Turkey, which is a joint venture between Turkish Airlines and Assan Hanil, aims to play a key role in the global aircraft seat market with its innovative, lightweight, quality products. “While consistently investing in its overall services, Turkish Airlines has always put special emphasis to further built in its infrastructure investments which also make a major contribution to further progress of Turkish Aviation Industry. Three years ago, we partnered in a significant initiative to pioneer another first in Turkish Civil Aviation. By establishing Turkish Seat Industry (TSI), in collaboration with Assan Hanil, we took a more active role in the industry through logistical support. And now we’re taking the delivery of the first aircraft equipped with those locally produced seats designed by TSI, an installation manufactured in Turkey that conforms to all international standards. With adding this 30th Boeing 777-300ER to our ever expanding fleet, we look forward to TSI to become a leading brand across the industry, and be a substantial part of our aircrafts in the near future.” said M. İlker Aycı, Chairman of the Board and the Executive Committee of Turkish Airlines. Commenting this delivery, Can Şaşmaz, General Manager of TSI, said; “TSI have completed the delivery of economy class seats for a Turkish Airlines’ B777 aircraft which is registered as TC-JLK and with a MSN number 60402, where TSI have completed the design, certification and production of the seats earlier than Boeing’s prediction. As TSI, we are honoured and proud to be an important part of Turkish Aviation History and supply seats to iconic Boeing B777 aircraft, in addition to gain the Turkey’ national flag carrier’, Turkish Airlines’ confidence in supporting the airlines aircraft, to note the airline has one of the youngest aircraft fleet currently in operation worldwide.” “Turkish Airlines has been a long-standing and key partner for Boeing and we are proud of their confidence and trust in Boeing’s technology and industry-leading airplanes such as the 777,” said Marty Bentrott, Vice President for Sales, Middle East, Turkey, Russia and Central Asia, Boeing Commercial Airplanes. “This delivery is especially significant since it is the first to feature seats by Turkish Seat Industries (TSI). We look forward to further developing and strengthening our relationship with Turkish Airlines and the Turkish Aviation Industry.”  Turkish Airlines and Boeing share a long history that goes back to 1945, with the arrival of the airline’s first DC-3/C-47 airliners. Turkish Airlines entered the jet age in the late 1960s, when the airline began operating DC-9, DC-10 and Boeing 707 airplanes. Over the years, the Turkish carrier has also flown the Boeing 727, 757, MD-80 and the most modern 737 and 777 airplanes. Boeing’s backlog with Turkish Airlines includes two 777 Freighters and 75 737 MAXs.  Join Albawaba Business Follow Albawaba Business Rate Article: 2.5 Select ratingPoorOkayGoodGreatAwesome   Tweet comment (0) Share: Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin Pinterest Delicious Stumbleupon Digg Reddit EDITOR’S CHOICE 1 - 4 OF 12 Saudi Fast Food Chains Dry Up During Ramadan Muslim Convert 'Jihadi Jack' Not a Jihadi Anymore, Escapes Daesh ‘Wide Covfefe’: Royal Jordanian Pokes Fun at POTUS Again Iftar Held Outside Trump Tower in Protest Against Islamophobia High-Rise Apartment Building Topples in Alexandria Egypt Launches Series on 'Illegal Migration' Trump’s Popularity Rockets in Saudi Arabia, Say Polls Egyptian Cleric Declares Ramadan Prank Shows ‘un-Islamic’ 7 Sentenced to Death over Rape of Disabled Boy in Kuwait Solar-Powered Hospitals Are Saving Lives in Syria N.J. Township Has to Pay $3.25 Million to Islamic Group Dubai: Man Receives One Year in Jail for Insulting Religion on Facebook Top Headlines Trump Will Need More Than a Covfefe to Beat King Salman's 147,000 Retweets on Twitter Elon Musk Has a Dream.. and It Starts in Dubai Apple Goes After Android Users With Bold ‘Switch to iPhone’ Campaign (Video) Iraqi Forces Capture Daesh-held Baaj Area Near the Syrian Border Battle Imminent in Dara'a as Syrian Regime Focuses Resources RECENT ARTICLES Trump Will Need More Than a Covfefe to Beat King Salman's 147,000 Retweets on Twitter Elon Musk Has a Dream.. and It Starts in Dubai Apple Goes After Android Users With Bold ‘Switch to iPhone’ Campaign (Video) Jordan's Unemployment Rate Hits Highest Level in 25 Years Saudi Arabia Bans Promotional Brochures at Doorsteps, Fines Up to SR500 FEATURED STORIES UAE Space Agency, Lockheed Martin ‘blast off’ with professional training program Qatar Airways increases its stake in British Airways' International Airlines Group to 20 percent Boeing predicts 58,000 new pilots needed in Middle East within 20 years UAE and China reach for the stars with MOU on outer space research United Airlines to end Washington-Dubai route: a case of sour grapes? RELATED ARTICLES Boeing Delivers Emirates’ Fourth 777-300ER with Electronic Flight Bag Etihad Expands London Fleet with New Boeing 777-300ER and Branded Taxis First Boeing 777-300ER of Emirates arrives in Dubai Etihad Airways expands fleet with unveiling of new purpose-built Boeing 777-300ER Turkish Airlines exercises options for additional GE90-powered Boeing 777s MOST POPULAR Etihad Adds World's Largest Plane With Apartments, Studios Oil Prices Stall Ahead of Pivotal OPEC Meeting Oil Prices Won't Be Affected by OPEC Cut Extension: Experts Arabtec Wins $398 Million Contract for 2020 Tower in Dubai OPEC Extends Oil Cuts for Another Nine Months Add a new comment Reply to - X Write your comment... Post as anonymous Background information Turkish Airlines Established in 1933 with a fleet of only five airplanes, and a Star Alliance member, Turkish Airlines is today a four star airline company with a fleet of 155 aircraft flying to 172 destinations around the world, comprising 41 domestic and 131 international destinations. More... Established in 1933 with a fleet of only five airplanes, and a Star Alliance member, Turkish Airlines is today a four star airline company with a fleet of 155 aircraft flying to 172 destinations around the world, comprising 41 domestic and 131 international destinations. Turkish Airlines is one of the most preferred leading European air carrier with global network coverage thanks to its strict compliance with flight safety, reliability, product line, service quality and competitiveness while maintaining its identity of the flag carrier of the Republic of Turkey in the civil air transportation industry. Less... Contact Information: Turkish Airlines Management Office Al Shoala Building A, Block 608, Deira, P.O. Box 1200 Dubai, United Arab Emirates http://www.turkishairlines.com PR agency ASDA'A Burson-Marsteller Since its founding in 1999, ASDA'A Burson-Marsteller has played a pivotal role in the development of the Middle East public relations industry. Through its longstanding commitment to providing innovative, results-driven communications solutions, ASDA'A Burson-Marsteller has emerged as the region's premier public relations consultancy, with a growing portfolio of blue-chip corporate and government clients. Since its founding in 1999, ASDA'A Burson-Marsteller has played a pivotal role in the development of the Middle East public relations industry. Through its longstanding commitment to providing innovative, results-driven communications solutions, ASDA'A Burson-Marsteller has emerged as the region's premier public relations consultancy, with a growing portfolio of blue-chip corporate and government clients. Contact Information: ASDA’A Burson-Marsteller  The Gateway Building, Block A, 4th Floor, Dubai Media City, P.O. Box 28063, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Tel:  +971 (0) 4 450 7607 Fax:  +971 (0) 4 435 8040 info@asdaa.com http://www.asdaa.com PR contact Anthony Fernandes anthony.fernandes@bm.com Related Videos F1 Boss Says Bahrain Grand Prix Could Be Cancelled - 17 Feb 11 NEW Jaguar C-X17 unveiled Emirates' new A380 order From Around The Web Most Popular Most Discussed Contact the Editor Trump Tells Muslim Leaders to ‘Drive Out’ Extremists Fake News War Erupts as Qatar News Agency is Hacked Arms Race: Iran Builds Third Underground Missile Factory Iraqi Militias Infiltrate Syria, Test International Coalition US Airdrops Forces in Eastern Syria, Launching ‘Operation Desert Volcano’   More Stories » User login Log In Log in to Al Bawaba in order to manage your various website activities Login with Facebook Login with LinkedIn Login with Google Login with Live   © 2000 - 2017 Al Bawaba (www.albawaba.com) About Us Advertising Content Contact Us PR Services RSS Terms of Use
Sections Home The Corner Bench Memos Morning Jolt The G-File Magazine Photo Essays Podcasts All Articles Search Donate E-mails & Alerts Subscribe Print Subscribe Digital Store Advertising About Contact Privacy NR Institute The Corner National Review Login Is Trump All Talk on Iran? (Photo: Wavebreakmedia Ltd./Dreamstime) Share article on Facebookshare Tweet articletweet Plus one article on Google Plus+1 Print Article Adjust font size AA AA AA AA AA AA AA by Jonathan S. Tobin May 31, 2017 4:00 AM @jonathans_tobin On his first official trip abroad, the president rallied Arabs and Israelis to unite against Iran. But by giving Boeing a pass to sell Tehran planes, he’s sending a very different message. During his trip to the Middle East last week, President Donald Trump had one consistent theme and he never wavered from it: The region needs to unite to stop Iran. Mutual antipathy for Tehran has driven Arab regimes such as Saudi Arabia to make common cause with Israel. It was also the motivation for the massive $110 billion arms deal Trump struck with the Saudis, who believe that President Obama’s nuclear agreement with Iran has endangered their security. But while Trump talks tough about the Iranians, the normally bellicose Islamist regime has been restrained, at least by its standards, in response. Why? The Iranians may be unhappy with Trump’s effort to orchestrate the creation of a Middle East NATO that would oppose their dream of regional hegemony, but they are actually quite pleased with other elements of his administration’s Iran policy. For all of Trump’s bluster, his decision not only to leave the nuclear agreement in place but to erect no obstacles to a major U.S. commercial deal with Iran may have convinced the ayatollahs that the president isn’t quite as hostile as he wants to seem. One of the least noticed aspects of the nuclear deal was a provision that granted Tehran an exception to U.S. sanctions that remained in place after it was signed. That provision allowed U.S. companies to sell “commercial passenger aircraft and related parts and services” to Iran, and Boeing took advantage of it, joining European businesses in a race to secure Iranian business. It was a clever strategy that enabled Obama to undermine the remaining resistance to the deal. If, as Obama hoped, a major U.S. firm such as Boeing were to conclude a massive deal of its own with Iran, the jobs created by the sale would build a strong new constituency opposed to retightening the screws on Tehran no matter the regime’s subsequent actions. Boeing’s deal with Iran was concluded in June 2016, and the Obama administration subsequently issued the requisite licenses for it to move forward. But the Trump administration still has a chance to raise objections and to block the delivery of the planes to Tehran. The grounds for objection were already clear last year, when Boeing was celebrating the deal: Many of the companies with which it would be doing business have strong connections to or are owned by the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC), which coordinates Iran’s international terrorist network. Yet so far, the Trump administration has remained suspiciously silent about the deal, leading Iran to the not unreasonable conclusion that while the president may be willing to talk about its role as the world’s leading state sponsor of terror, he is as reluctant to do something about it as his predecessor was. There’s a glaring contradiction between Trump’s indulgence of Boeing’s desire to profit from its dealings with Iran and his efforts to rein in a dangerous foe of U.S. interests. Trump has no good options when it comes to tearing up the nuclear deal that he spent so much of the 2016 campaign denouncing as a betrayal of U.S. interests. Walking away from the pact at a moment when neither America’s European allies nor Russia and China are willing to re-impose sanctions would simply give the Iranians permission to move quickly toward a bomb without providing a means short of war to stop them. But Trump does have options that can start the process of rebuilding an international quarantine against Iranian terror and punishing the regime for its illegal missile tests. Earlier this month, the Senate Foreign Relations Committee passed a sweeping set of measures designed to impose new restrictions on trade with Iran because of its human-rights violations and support for terror. The point of such efforts is to expand the list of Iranian individuals and companies affected by the sanctions that still remain in place, so as to hamper the ability of the IRGC and other agents of the regime to profit from foreign trade. Moreover, even if other nations won’t re-impose their own sanctions on Iran, U.S. measures that bar foreign banks from the American financial system if they do business with terror-connected Iranian entities can still have a devastating impact on the regime. President Trump mocked John Kerry as the worst negotiator in history for his disastrous role in making the nuclear pact possible. But if he doesn’t move to support the Senate bill and to do something about the Boeing deal, then he will effectively be throwing in his lot with Obama’s secretary of state, who remains a public opponent of increased sanctions on Iran. The reason for Trump’s reluctance to move against Boeing is obvious: Promises to create American jobs were as important to the success of his campaign as were his criticisms of Obama. Putting any further obstacles in the way of the transaction would have a devastating impact on the company and the thousands of workers it employs. Moreover, Boeing is looking to expand its ties with Iran and has applied for another license to sell 30 more planes to entities within the country. But Iran uses commercial planes such as the ones Boeing sells to ferry supplies, munitions, and “volunteers” to Syria, where they have helped preserve the rule of the barbarous Assad regime. No one in the White House can pretend that Boeing’s budding business relationship with the Islamic Republic is unrelated to the security concerns that Trump discussed with the Saudis and Israelis last week. All of which is to say that there’s a glaring contradiction between Trump’s indulgence of Boeing’s desire to profit from its dealings with Iran and his efforts to rein in a dangerous foe of U.S. interests. If he stays silent and/or allows the planes to be delivered, it may preserve jobs for some of the working-class voters who backed him. But it will also validate Tehran’s belief that he is as much a paper tiger as Obama was. And an Iran unfettered by fear of U.S. power, hard and soft, would be an even bigger threat to global security. READ MORE: The Iran Deal, the Paris Agreement, & Trump’s Choice to Move Away from Them The Obama Administration’s Iran Deal Duplicity Donald Trump’s Iran “Flip-Flopping” is Nothing of the Kind — Jonathan S. Tobin is the opinion editor of JNS.org and a contributor to National Review Online. More Stories Load More Photo Essay Battle of Midway   Trending on National Review     About Institute Advertise Contact NR Facebook Twitter Google+ Privacy
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Hainan Airlines unveils third Kung Fu Panda-themed plane as part of collaboration with DreamWorks Animation English Français Deutsch News provided by Hainan Airlines Co., LTD 31 May, 2017, 02:29 ET Share this article The plane featuring a design by young American designer Hannah Foss takes its inaugural flight, in celebration of the Chinese airline's 24th anniversary BEIJING, May 31, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- A Hainan Airlines' Dreamliner, adorned with Po, the main character in the Kung Fu Panda film, and the famous panda's friends, took off on the inaugural flight for its new service HU7181, from Haikou to Beijing, on the morning of May 29, 2017. As the Chinese airline's third Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner in the fleet to receive the "King Fu Panda" makeover, the eye-catching yellow-colored airplane started its maiden flight to the cheers of the crowd. Hainan Airlines’ third Kung Fu Panda-themed plane starts its maiden flight Hannah Foss, the winner of Hainan Airlines’ Design Your Own Livery contest in North America, visits the airline’s hangar A group photo of Hainan Airlines’ flight attendants with Hannah Foss The flight carried a special passenger, Hannah Foss, a young designer from the state of Alaska. When Hannah Foss submitted her "Kung Fu Panda"-themed Dreamliner design last September, she was one of nearly 3,000 online entries that all shared the same dream: To have their design painted on a real-life, Hainan Airlines Boeing 787 Dreamliner. That dream started several months ago when Hainan, Boeing and DreamWorks announced a partnership that would include the introduction of six specially-painted Dreamliners over the next two years, featuring characters and scenes from the popular animated franchise. "I have loved painting and designing since I was a child. I have designed a dinosaur exhibition for a museum and depicted the Northern lights around the Arctic Circle in my artwork. But I never thought that my design would be painted on a plane someday. It feels amazing! This is the first time that I have come to China, taken a Boeing Dreamliner and witnessed the process of the painting of a plane. I really appreciate these "firsts" that Hainan Airlines has offered to me," Ms. Foss said as part of a speech she gave over the plane's announcement system during which she shared her thrilling story with the over 200 passengers on the flight. "This is an exceptional journey for me, giving many Americans like myself the opportunity to learn about Hainan Airlines and better understand the distinguished Chinese company's idea of cherishing every person's dream in addition to its ongoing commitment to fulfilling dreams." Hannah grew up in Adelaide, South Australia and moved to Alaska in 2008.    Some of her adventures include spending several years as a paleontological artist, CGI-animating a couple of museum films, constructing a 16-ft long dinosaur puppet called Snaps, eating tasty muktuk, snow-machining on the Chukchi Sea and meeting a polar bear. In addition to having her design painted on a Dreamlinerand to be part of this amazing journey, Hannah won two round-trip, business class tickets to China, as well as a weeks' accommodations at a luxury hotel. The "Kung Fu Panda" story is deeply rooted in traditional Chinese culture and history. Hannah's design wove together popular characters like Po and Tigress, with traditional Chinese "chops" and a painted sunrise. The design was awarded the top prize based on its originality, creativity, humor, its reflection of Chinese culture, and its wow factor. When Hannah's design is painted onto the new Dreamliner, the airplane will fly several of Hainan's more than 40 nonstop routes between China and North America. It will join two other specially painted airplanes, the first of which touched down at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport last year. That airplane carried over 100 students and teachers from Lincoln High School in Tacoma, WA, who were returning from a life-changing, 11-day trip to China. Hainan Airlines is proud to partner with DreamWorks and Boeing to bring the "Kung Fu Panda" franchise to Hainan's elite service and premier experience. Look forward for more partnerships like this in the future, and be sure to keep an eye out for #TheFlyingPanda throughout our North American network! Hainan Airlines has continued with its strategy of working hand-in-hand with the Chinese government's One Belt, One Road initiative as part of its overall plan to aggressively expand its presence in international markets. Nevertheless, despite the complexities of operating in the highly competitive international markets, the airline has never wavered from its original set of goals of consistently combining the brand's unique Oriental hospitality with modern service standards, a concept which is embodied in the Kung Fu Panda planes. The airline has promoted its image in the global aviation market through the cooperation with DreamWorks, demonstrating the newfound stature of Chinese companies on the world stage while allowing travelers everywhere to gain a better understanding of Chinese culture and its richness.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/hainan-airlines-unveils-third-kung-fu-panda-themed-plane-as-part-of-collaboration-with-dreamworks-animation-300466031.html SOURCE Hainan Airlines Co., LTD 31 May, 2017, 08:12 ET Preview: Hainan Airlines dévoile son troisième avion aux couleurs de Kung Fu Panda dans le cadre de sa collaboration avec DreamWorks Animation 20 May, 2017, 12:16 ET Preview: Hainan Airlines continúa ofreciendo una mejor experiencia a los pasajeros My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 31 May, 2017, 10:32 ET Hainan Airlines presenta su tercer avión con diseño de Kung Fu... 31 May, 2017, 10:32 ET Hainan Airlines präsentiert drittes Flugzeug mit... Explore More news releases in similar topics Airlines & Aviation Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Travel Industry New Products & Services You just read: Hainan Airlines unveils third Kung Fu Panda-themed plane as part of collaboration with DreamWorks Animation News provided by Hainan Airlines Co., LTD 31 May, 2017, 02:29 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Volg ons op: APS Nieuwsmanager login | Cision Communication Cloud™ login | English Home Diensten Verstuur direct een persbericht De media bereiken? Nieuwswaardige content creëren? Media-aandacht monitoren en analyseren Workshops & events Inspiratie Gepubliceerde persberichten Hoe schrijf je een effectief persbericht Verhalen van klanten Over ons Over ANP Pers Support Waarom kies jíj voor ANP Pers Support? Reacties van klanten Vacatures Contact Maak een afspraak Persbericht laten beoordelen Persbericht versturen Home/ Persberichten/ Hainan Airlines unveils third Kung Fu Panda-themed plane as part of collaboration with DreamWorks Animation Hainan Airlines unveils third Kung Fu Panda-themed plane as part of collaboration with DreamWorks Animation woensdag 31 mei 2017 09:00 Economie Dit is een origineel bericht van PR Newswire The plane featuring a design by young American designer Hannah Foss takes its inaugural flight, in celebration of the Chinese airline's 24(th )anniversary BEIJING, May 31, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- A Hainan Airlines' Dreamliner, adorned with Po, the main character in the Kung Fu Panda film, and the famous panda's friends, took off on the inaugural flight for its new service HU7181, from Haikou to Beijing, on the morning of May 29, 2017. As the Chinese airline's third Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner in the fleet to receive the "King Fu Panda" makeover, the eye-catching yellow-colored airplane started its maiden flight to the cheers of the crowd. https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/517732/3rd_Kung_Fu_Panda_themed_plane.jpg [https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/517732/3rd_Kung_Fu_Panda_themed_plane.jpg] The flight carried a special passenger, Hannah Foss, a young designer from the state of Alaska. When Hannah Foss submitted her "Kung Fu Panda"-themed Dreamliner design last September, she was one of nearly 3,000 online entries that all shared the same dream: To have their design painted on a real-life, Hainan Airlines Boeing 787 Dreamliner. That dream started several months ago when Hainan, Boeing and DreamWorks announced a partnership that would include the introduction of six specially-painted Dreamliners over the next two years, featuring characters and scenes from the popular animated franchise. "I have loved painting and designing since I was a child. I have designed a dinosaur exhibition for a museum and depicted the Northern lights around the Arctic Circle in my artwork. But I never thought that my design would be painted on a plane someday. It feels amazing! This is the first time that I have come to China, taken a Boeing Dreamliner and witnessed the process of the painting of a plane. I really appreciate these "firsts" that Hainan Airlines has offered to me," Ms. Foss said as part of a speech she gave over the plane's announcement system during which she shared her thrilling story with the over 200 passengers on the flight. "This is an exceptional journey for me, giving many Americans like myself the opportunity to learn about Hainan Airlines and better understand the distinguished Chinese company's idea of cherishing every person's dream in addition to its ongoing commitment to fulfilling dreams." Hannah grew up in Adelaide, South Australia and moved to Alaska in 2008. Some of her adventures include spending several years as a paleontological artist, CGI-animating a couple of museum films, constructing a 16-ft long dinosaur puppet called Snaps, eating tasty muktuk, snow-machining on the Chukchi Sea and meeting a polar bear. In addition to having her design painted on a Dreamlinerand to be part of this amazing journey, Hannah won two round-trip, business class tickets to China, as well as a weeks' accommodations at a luxury hotel. The "Kung Fu Panda" story is deeply rooted in traditional Chinese culture and history. Hannah's design wove together popular characters like Po and Tigress, with traditional Chinese "chops" and a painted sunrise. The design was awarded the top prize based on its originality, creativity, humor, its reflection of Chinese culture, and its wow factor. When Hannah's design is painted onto the new Dreamliner, the airplane will fly several of Hainan's more than 40 nonstop routes between China and North America. It will join two other specially painted airplanes, the first of which touched down at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport last year. That airplane carried over 100 students and teachers from Lincoln High School in Tacoma, WA, who were returning from a life-changing, 11-day trip to China. Hainan Airlines is proud to partner with DreamWorks and Boeing to bring the "Kung Fu Panda" franchise to Hainan's elite service and premier experience. Look forward for more partnerships like this in the future, and be sure to keep an eye out for #TheFlyingPanda throughout our North American network! Hainan Airlines has continued with its strategy of working hand-in-hand with the Chinese government's One Belt, One Road initiative as part of its overall plan to aggressively expand its presence in international markets. Nevertheless, despite the complexities of operating in the highly competitive international markets, the airline has never wavered from its original set of goals of consistently combining the brand's unique Oriental hospitality with modern service standards, a concept which is embodied in the Kung Fu Panda planes. The airline has promoted its image in the global aviation market through the cooperation with DreamWorks, demonstrating the newfound stature of Chinese companies on the world stage while allowing travelers everywhere to gain a better understanding of Chinese culture and its richness. https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/517733/Hannah_Foss.jpg [https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/517733/Hannah_Foss.jpg] https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/517731/Hannah_Foss_with_crew.jpg [https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/517731/Hannah_Foss_with_crew.jpg] Photo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/517732/3rd_Kung_Fu_Panda_themed_plane.jpg [https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/517732/3rd_Kung_Fu_Panda_themed_plane.jpg] Photo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/517733/Hannah_Foss.jpg [https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/517733/Hannah_Foss.jpg] Photo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/517731/Hannah_Foss_with_crew.jpg [https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/517731/Hannah_Foss_with_crew.jpg] CONTACT: Ying Wang, Phone Number: +86-898-6673-9679, Cell Number: +86-189-7608-1688, Email: ying_wang10@hnair.com PR Newswire Dit persbericht is via ANP Pers Support naar internationale (vak en online) media gestuurd. Heb je nieuws voor buitenlandse journalisten? Bekijk dan onze mogelijkheden of neem contact met ons op. Andere persberichten van deze organisatie New Data Demonstrate Results for Lenvatinib vs. Sorafenib in First-Line Liver Cancer Trial zondag 4 juni 2017 15:31 ZTE tekent strategisch samenwerkingsverband met Telenet voor 5G en IoT zaterdag 3 juni 2017 11:45 Nieuwe data van KIHDNEy Cohort toont verbeterde biochemische resultaten en breed bereik geschiktheid voor patiënten, met meer frequente hemodialy vrijdag 2 juni 2017 14:01 New Data from KIHDNEy Cohort Shows Improved Biochemical Outcomes and Broad Range Patient Suitability with More Frequent Hemodialysis Using the Nx vrijdag 2 juni 2017 14:00 Verstuur nu éénmalig een persbericht Verstuur persberichten en beeldmateriaal naar redacties in binnen- en buitenland. Via het ANP-net, het internationale medianetwerk van PR Newswire of met een perslijst op maat. Direct persbericht versturen Contact Verrijn Stuartlaan 7 2288 EK Rijswijk 070 - 41 41 234 Follow us Ontvang onze nieuwsbrief Blijf op de hoogte en schrijf je in. Home Diensten Inspiratie Over ons Contact Algemene voorwaarden APS Direct Login ANP Pers Support is onderdeel van ANP en PR Newswire 070 - 41 41 234
Events Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110+44 (0)20 7454 5110 Log In Sign Up News Products Contact Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web site Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government Labor & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Handicapped, Disabled Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Hainan Airlines unveils third Kung Fu Panda-themed plane as part of collaboration with DreamWorks Animation News provided by Hainan Airlines Co., LTD 31 May, 2017, 07:59 BST Share this article The plane featuring a design by young American designer Hannah Foss takes its inaugural flight, in celebration of the Chinese airline's 24th anniversary BEIJING, May 31, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- A Hainan Airlines' Dreamliner, adorned with Po, the main character in the Kung Fu Panda film, and the famous panda's friends, took off on the inaugural flight for its new service HU7181, from Haikou to Beijing, on the morning of May 29, 2017. As the Chinese airline's third Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner in the fleet to receive the "King Fu Panda" makeover, the eye-catching yellow-colored airplane started its maiden flight to the cheers of the crowd. Hainan Airlines’ third Kung Fu Panda-themed plane starts its maiden flight Hannah Foss, the winner of Hainan Airlines’ Design Your Own Livery contest in North America, visits the airline’s hangar A group photo of Hainan Airlines’ flight attendants with Hannah Foss The flight carried a special passenger, Hannah Foss, a young designer from the state of Alaska. When Hannah Foss submitted her "Kung Fu Panda"-themed Dreamliner design last September, she was one of nearly 3,000 online entries that all shared the same dream: To have their design painted on a real-life, Hainan Airlines Boeing 787 Dreamliner. That dream started several months ago when Hainan, Boeing and DreamWorks announced a partnership that would include the introduction of six specially-painted Dreamliners over the next two years, featuring characters and scenes from the popular animated franchise. "I have loved painting and designing since I was a child. I have designed a dinosaur exhibition for a museum and depicted the Northern lights around the Arctic Circle in my artwork. But I never thought that my design would be painted on a plane someday. It feels amazing! This is the first time that I have come to China, taken a Boeing Dreamliner and witnessed the process of the painting of a plane. I really appreciate these "firsts" that Hainan Airlines has offered to me," Ms. Foss said as part of a speech she gave over the plane's announcement system during which she shared her thrilling story with the over 200 passengers on the flight. "This is an exceptional journey for me, giving many Americans like myself the opportunity to learn about Hainan Airlines and better understand the distinguished Chinese company's idea of cherishing every person's dream in addition to its ongoing commitment to fulfilling dreams." Hannah grew up in Adelaide, South Australia and moved to Alaska in 2008.    Some of her adventures include spending several years as a paleontological artist, CGI-animating a couple of museum films, constructing a 16-ft long dinosaur puppet called Snaps, eating tasty muktuk, snow-machining on the Chukchi Sea and meeting a polar bear. In addition to having her design painted on a Dreamlinerand to be part of this amazing journey, Hannah won two round-trip, business class tickets to China, as well as a weeks' accommodations at a luxury hotel. The "Kung Fu Panda" story is deeply rooted in traditional Chinese culture and history. Hannah's design wove together popular characters like Po and Tigress, with traditional Chinese "chops" and a painted sunrise. The design was awarded the top prize based on its originality, creativity, humor, its reflection of Chinese culture, and its wow factor. When Hannah's design is painted onto the new Dreamliner, the airplane will fly several of Hainan's more than 40 nonstop routes between China and North America. It will join two other specially painted airplanes, the first of which touched down at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport last year. That airplane carried over 100 students and teachers from Lincoln High School in Tacoma, WA, who were returning from a life-changing, 11-day trip to China. Hainan Airlines is proud to partner with DreamWorks and Boeing to bring the "Kung Fu Panda" franchise to Hainan's elite service and premier experience. Look forward for more partnerships like this in the future, and be sure to keep an eye out for #TheFlyingPanda throughout our North American network! Hainan Airlines has continued with its strategy of working hand-in-hand with the Chinese government's One Belt, One Road initiative as part of its overall plan to aggressively expand its presence in international markets. Nevertheless, despite the complexities of operating in the highly competitive international markets, the airline has never wavered from its original set of goals of consistently combining the brand's unique Oriental hospitality with modern service standards, a concept which is embodied in the Kung Fu Panda planes. The airline has promoted its image in the global aviation market through the cooperation with DreamWorks, demonstrating the newfound stature of Chinese companies on the world stage while allowing travelers everywhere to gain a better understanding of Chinese culture and its richness.   Photo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/517732/3rd_Kung_Fu_Panda_themed_plane.jpg Photo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/517733/Hannah_Foss.jpg Photo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/517731/Hannah_Foss_with_crew.jpg   SOURCE Hainan Airlines Co., LTD 19 May, 2017, 13:18 BST Preview: Hainan Airlines continues to enhance the passenger experience My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 19 May, 2017, 13:18 BSTHainan Airlines continues to enhance the passenger experience 22 Mar, 2017, 13:00 GMTHainan Airlines VIP Lounge at Beijing Capital International... Explore More news releases in similar topics Airlines & Aviation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Aerospace & Defense You just read: Hainan Airlines unveils third Kung Fu Panda-themed plane as part of collaboration with DreamWorks Animation News provided by Hainan Airlines Co., LTD 31 May, 2017, 07:59 BST Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Contact Us +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Contact PR Newswire +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Contact Us Overview Request More Info Become a Partner   Products The Wire Multimedia News Releases Disclosure Services Media Intelligence About About PR Newswire About Cision Partnering Opportunities Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France Germany India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United States My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Products Contact News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web site Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government Labor & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Handicapped, Disabled Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Phone +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Hainan Airlines unveils third Kung Fu Panda-themed plane as part of collaboration with DreamWorks Animation The plane featuring a design by young American designer Hannah Foss takes its inaugural flight, in celebration of the Chinese airline‚s 24th anniversary BEIJING, May 31, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — A Hainan Airlines’ Dreamliner, adorned with Po, the main character in the Kung Fu Panda film, and the famous panda’s friends, took off on the inaugural flight for its new service HU7181, from Haikou to Beijing, on the morning of May 29, 2017. As the Chinese airline’s third Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner in the fleet to receive the „King Fu Panda” makeover, the eye-catching yellow-colored airplane started its maiden flight to the cheers of the crowd. Hainan Airlines’ third Kung Fu Panda-themed plane starts its maiden flight Hannah Foss, the winner of Hainan Airlines’ Design Your Own Livery contest in North America, visits the airline’s hangar A group photo of Hainan Airlines’ flight attendants with Hannah Foss The flight carried a special passenger, Hannah Foss, a young designer from the state of Alaska. When Hannah Foss submitted her „Kung Fu Panda”-themed Dreamliner design last September, she was one of nearly 3,000 online entries that all shared the same dream: To have their design painted on a real-life, Hainan Airlines Boeing 787 Dreamliner. That dream started several months ago when Hainan, Boeing and DreamWorks announced a partnership that would include the introduction of six specially-painted Dreamliners over the next two years, featuring characters and scenes from the popular animated franchise. „I have loved painting and designing since I was a child. I have designed a dinosaur exhibition for a museum and depicted the Northern lights around the Arctic Circle in my artwork. But I never thought that my design would be painted on a plane someday. It feels amazing! This is the first time that I have come to China, taken a Boeing Dreamliner and witnessed the process of the painting of a plane. I really appreciate these „firsts” that Hainan Airlines has offered to me,” Ms. Foss said as part of a speech she gave over the plane’s announcement system during which she shared her thrilling story with the over 200 passengers on the flight. „This is an exceptional journey for me, giving many Americans like myself the opportunity to learn about Hainan Airlines and better understand the distinguished Chinese company’s idea of cherishing every person’s dream in addition to its ongoing commitment to fulfilling dreams.” Hannah grew up in Adelaide, South Australia and moved to Alaska in 2008.    Some of her adventures include spending several years as a paleontological artist, CGI-animating a couple of museum films, constructing a 16-ft long dinosaur puppet called Snaps, eating tasty muktuk, snow-machining on the Chukchi Sea and meeting a polar bear. In addition to having her design painted on a Dreamlinerand to be part of this amazing journey, Hannah won two round-trip, business class tickets to China, as well as a weeks’ accommodations at a luxury hotel. The „Kung Fu Panda” story is deeply rooted in traditional Chinese culture and history. Hannah’s design wove together popular characters like Po and Tigress, with traditional Chinese „chops” and a painted sunrise. The design was awarded the top prize based on its originality, creativity, humor, its reflection of Chinese culture, and its wow factor. When Hannah’s design is painted onto the new Dreamliner, the airplane will fly several of Hainan’s more than 40 nonstop routes between China and North America. It will join two other specially painted airplanes, the first of which touched down at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport last year. That airplane carried over 100 students and teachers from Lincoln High School in Tacoma, WA, who were returning from a life-changing, 11-day trip to China. Hainan Airlines is proud to partner with DreamWorks and Boeing to bring the „Kung Fu Panda” franchise to Hainan’s elite service and premier experience. Look forward for more partnerships like this in the future, and be sure to keep an eye out for #TheFlyingPanda throughout our North American network! Hainan Airlines has continued with its strategy of working hand-in-hand with the Chinese government’s One Belt, One Road initiative as part of its overall plan to aggressively expand its presence in international markets. Nevertheless, despite the complexities of operating in the highly competitive international markets, the airline has never wavered from its original set of goals of consistently combining the brand’s unique Oriental hospitality with modern service standards, a concept which is embodied in the Kung Fu Panda planes. The airline has promoted its image in the global aviation market through the cooperation with DreamWorks, demonstrating the newfound stature of Chinese companies on the world stage while allowing travelers everywhere to gain a better understanding of Chinese culture and its richness.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/hainan-airlines-unveils-third-kung-fu-panda-themed-plane-as-part-of-collaboration-with-dreamworks-animation-300466031.html SOURCE Hainan Airlines Co., LTD CategoriesUncategorized TagsNew Products & Services Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Artprice Fits Perfectly into President Macron’s Digital Europe Project Next PostNext Global Humanoid Robot Market – Global Forecast to 2022 by Sensor Type, Placement and Application Search Recent Posts Tata Elxsi’s ‘AUTONOMAI’ Driverless Car Platform Selected by Leading OEM Pharmacy Automation Systems Market is expected to reach a CAGR of 6.7% during 2016 – 2026 PM O’Neill welcomes New World Bank Country Manager for PNG Paediatric Vaccine Market will increase at 14.4% CAGR during 2016-2026 Automotive Repair and Maintenance Services Market Poised to Rake US$ 750 Bn by the End of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Menu Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Boeing employees work on the vertical stabilizer of a 767 cargo plane in the Boeing factory on May 17 in Everett. Boeing cut nearly 1,600 jobs in the state in April, the biggest one month drop since January 2003. (Andy Bronson / The Herald) Aerospace blog Boeing continues to cut jobs, citing need to stay competitive Dan Catchpole Wed May 31st, 2017 9:14pm Business You must sign in or register to continue reading content. EVERETT — The Boeing Co.’s workforce in Washington dropped by 1,582 in April. That is the biggest month-over-month decline for the airplane maker since January 2003, when it cut approximately 1,800 jobs in the state, according to The Daily Herald’s analysis of employment data on Boeing’s website. At the time, the company was struggling through a downturn begun with the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, which sent airlines reeling as would-be flyers opted to stay grounded. Commercial aviation further was hammered by rising fuel prices, a global recession and other market challenges. As airlines canceled and delayed orders for new jetliners, Boeing slashed its Washington workforce from 80,000 in the fall of 2001 to 62,000 one year later. It bottomed out at 52,763 in June 2004. Boeing executives say the need to curb costs in a competitive market is driving the current paring down of jobs. In 2016, the company cut its global workforce by nearly 11,000. Most of that reduction — 7,357 jobs — came in Washington, where Boeing makes nearly all its commercial airplanes. Company leaders have said they expect to reduce jobs at about the same rate in 2017. Through the first four months of the year, Boeing has shed 2,823 jobs around Puget Sound, dropping to 69,058 on April 27, the most recent data available. After the downturn in the early 2000s, the company’s workforce in the state peaked at 87,023 by October 2012. At the time, it had 175,742 employees around the world, with the vast majority in the United States. Its global payroll by late April had 144,976, a decline of nearly 31,000. Most of the job reductions since early 2016 have come through buyouts, retirements and selective hiring freezes. The company had avoided major layoffs until this year. So far, it has issued 1,162 layoff notices to workers in Washington. That total includes a limited number of notices issued twice. The company has declined to say exactly how many workers have been affected. Dan Catchpole: 425-339-3454; dcatchpole@heraldnet.com. Twitter: @dcatchpole.   Most Read Neighbors worried about development next to former Everett dump EVERETT — Two groups of homeowners are asking the Snohomish County hearing… Jun 3rd, 2017 by Noah Haglund 2 charged after scuffle over stolen meat and a stab in the eye MARYSVILLE — A Snohomish woman was indignant that a grocery store manager… Jun 3rd, 2017 by Diana Hefley Anchor Pub hosts nontraditional church services once a month EVERETT — Their beliefs are traditional, but not much else. Judson and… Jun 3rd, 2017 by Rikki King Snohomish family’s roses have adorned Sorticulture for 16 years Make sure you stop to smell the roses at Sorticulture. Literally. Antique… Jun 3rd, 2017 by Sara Bruestle Woman with apparent mental illness charged with harassment LYNNWOOD — She came out of her apartment with a 9-inch kitchen… Jun 3rd, 2017 by Scott North © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site Map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Social Media
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 8 hrs 59 mins S&P 500 2,439.07 +9.01 (+0.37%) Dow 30 21,206.29 +62.11 (+0.29%) New Russian jet heralds carbon manufacturing shake-up By Tim Hepher Reuters May 29, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share View photos FILE PHOTO - An autoclave is displayed by California-based ASC Process Systems at the JEC World exhibition at Villepinte, outside Paris, France, March 16, 2017. REUTERS/Christian Hartmann/File PhotoMore By Tim Hepher PARIS (Reuters) - Russia's new jetliner, which conducted its maiden flight on Sunday, may have a hard time challenging the sales duopoly of Boeing and Airbus, but it does point the way to radical changes in how they could be building jets in the future. The MS-21, a new single aisle airliner produced by Russia's United Aircraft Corporation, is the first passenger plane borne aloft by lightweight carbon-composite wings built without a costly pressurized oven called an autoclave. The manufacturing process provides a test for a technology already being assessed by Western rivals, who are looking for cheaper and faster ways to build some of their aircraft with composites, according to aerospace executives and suppliers. Even as it sets up the world's largest autoclaves to make wings for its giant 777X, Boeing is exploring alternatives for its "New Midsize Airplane" (NMA), in the middle of the market between its big wide-body jets and best-selling 737. "There's a good chance part of the NMA will be built without autoclaves," a person familiar with the project said. A Boeing spokesman said it was studying mid-market opportunities and declined further comment. Sources say Boeing's choice of technology for its two-aircraft NMA family will lay the foundation for the next generation of its money-spinning 737, expected to appear from 2030 and last well into the second half of the century. Boeing has not yet discussed this part of its strategy publicly, but industry sources said it may include a trio of jets seating 160 to 210 people and built using broadly the same production system as the one developed for the NMA. Both families of planes are likely to be built for 30 years and stay in service for another 20-30. So today's technology choices represent a colossal 75-year bet. Airbus too is monitoring the technology as it considers how to respond to Boeing's mid-market jet, CNN reported last month. Airbus has declined to comment on the report. PIVOTAL DECISION Composites have been used in aviation since the 1970s but achieved a breakthrough in the past decade as the Boeing 787 Dreamliner and Airbus A350 entered service, promising to save money on fuel by replacing most metal parts with lighter carbon. Those are long-haul jets, which means that the savings on fuel are worthwhile even though the planes are expensive to build. For short-haul planes that burn less fuel, like the NMA or future 737, it is more important to find cheaper ways to build them, and avoiding the need for autoclaves could help. Betting on technology that does not require an autoclave is a gamble also for composite suppliers like U.S.-based Hexcel <HXL.N>, Solvay <SOLB.BR> of Belgium and Toray <3402.T> of Japan, whose share of aerospace manufacturing is growing. At a recent JEC composites fair in Paris, Hexcel and Solvay showcased out-of-autoclave prototype parts as they gear up to supply manufacturers on a bigger scale. "It's one of the big questions now in aerospace: how to produce out-of-autoclave on a large scale and at high speeds," said Henri Girardy, business development manager at Hexcel Composites, adding jetmakers would accept no cut in performance. Boeing's Dreamliner and the Airbus A350 are built from carbon fiber already impregnated with resin, called "prepreg", which is supplied to jetmakers, tailored by machines into plane parts and cured inside giant pressure-cooking autoclaves. Analysts say these parts cost around 30-40 percent more to produce than aluminum. Under the new technology, instead of using fiber that is pre-impregnated with resin, parts are made from a dry-fiber engineered textile which is placed in a mould and then infused with resin under a vacuum. The parts can then be cured in an oven without pressure, a process estimated to cost 25 percent more than metal. Ultimately, that gap needs to narrow significantly or disappear. Boatbuilders and windfarm makers have used this method for years. Secondary airplane parts have also been made that way. But although Canada's Bombardier partly used the technique for its CSeries, it was rare for flight-critical parts before the designers of the new Russian plane chose it for the wing. The MS-21 has yet to score large sales but has been able to catch onto the latest manufacturing wave at a time when Western giants are starting to think beyond their recently upgraded models to future designs. Read More "This is an excellent technology demonstrator because it is on a real programme and a primary-structure part," said Frank Nickisch, global director of strategic projects at Solvay Composite Materials, which provided materials for the MS-21. He noted that the wings on the MS-21 are of comparable size to a Boeing 737 or Airbus A320. Still, more needs to be done to bring down costs. And composite firms are not yet ready to support output at speeds planemakers have in mind. Industry sources say Boeing is expected to build 20-30 of its proposed mid-market planes a month, about twice the rate for the 787. Future 737 and A320 replacements are likely to be closer to the 60-80 mark. Nickisch said the proposed new Boeing middle-market aircraft would be a good test case for whether the industry can switch to a higher tempo using the widely expected composites. Yet tough planemaker targets on cost, performance and output require progress on three fronts: cheaper materials, wider automation and computer simulation to ensure new technology works first time, following widespread delays with new jet programmes. "Prepreg technology has been developing for 40 years, based on day-to-day knowledge. But to bring in a new process we need to be able to predict it first, with databanks," Girardy said. For graphic on how single-aisle jets compare http://tmsnrt.rs/2qyEV0W (Writing by Tim Hepher; Editing by Peter Graff) Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next US missile defense test triggers alarm in Russia, China as North Korea issues new warnings CNBC.com Osteens Finally Clear Up The Controversial Rumors TheBlaze.comSponsored Apple still 'major player' in the voice assistant race, says Siri creator, who is now helping Samsung CNBC Barclaycard wants you to stop waiting in line to make your purchases Digital Trends In San Francisco, $160,000 gets you a storage locker Yahoo Finance Top 8 Credit Cards If You Have Excellent Credit CompareCards.comSponsored US embassy in London directly contradicts Trump's Twitter attack on London's mayor Business Insider Married couples have 81 ways to claim Social Security. Here's how to maximize your benefits CNBC 22 Large Retailers Besides J.C. Penney Are Closing Waves of Stores The Street This Technology Will Be Bigger Than the Internet The Sovereign InvestorSponsored What to watch in the markets in the week ahead Yahoo Finance Video Gmail 'Smart Reply' feature is a reminder Google scans your email Yahoo Finance 'I sit back and wait for them to fire me': A former Googler explains the secret to success over 15 years at the company Business Insider 17 Pastors Who Were Caught Doing The Unthinkable www.trend-chaser.comSponsored 'Aren't you focusing on the wrong thing?': Anchors grill EPA administrator over leaving Paris agreement Business Insider CNN host calls Trump a 'piece of s---' over response to London attack Business Insider Donald Trump's Political Arm Cites InfoWars In An Email Boasting About Crowd Size Gary: Trump, the administration of lies. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 1.1k
Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News All Local News City Hall Blog Politics +PS Defence Watch The Gargoyle National World Opinion All Opinion Columnists Your Letters Editorials Editorial Cartoons Electoral Reform Business All Business Local Business FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Tech-Biz Arts All Arts Local Arts All Local Arts Local Reviews The Big Beat Ottawa events listings Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music Jazzblog NP Music Books Celebrity Cappies Sports All Sports Local Sports Hockey All Hockey Senators Extra NHL World Juniors Football All Football CFL NFL Baseball Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Golf Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Tennis Life All Life Homes All Homes Condos Gardening Food All Food Recipes Local Food Reviews Ottawa Dish Style Our Ottawa World of Birds Life Story Health All Health Men Seniors Sexual Health Women Diet & Fitness Family & Child Fashion & Beauty Parenting Relationships Puzzles & Comics Royals Travel Gift Guide Careers All Careers Find Jobs Post Jobs Obits Classifieds All Classifieds FlyerCity Shopping Announcements Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Driving News Defence Watch |Featured: Senators Extra Canada 150 Style Magazine Homes OC Sessions Developing Lebreton Flats | More Open Search Close Search Search Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Local News Canada 150: Complete coverage Local Food Reviews Dining Out: Savoury Northern Chinese surprises at Xiang Zi in ... Local Food Reviews Dining Out: Caravela Restaurante offers up fresh, uncomplicated, homey Portuguese ... Local News Opioid overdoses: Here's how to get a naloxone kit in ... Local Food Reviews Dining Out: Citizen meets high expectations, but choose carefully for ... 5 / 5 As Canada questions Super Hornet deal, Boeing to announce interim fighter industry team David Pugliese, Ottawa Citizen More from David Pugliese, Ottawa Citizen Published on: May 30, 2017 | Last Updated: May 30, 2017 11:39 PM EDT Super Hornet in flight. Photo by David Pugliese Share Adjust Comment Print Boeing will announce its industry team members for the Super Hornet interim fighter jet project on Thursday at CANSEC 2017. On the Wednesday at CANSEC the Boeing team hopes to highlight the company’s long-term commitment to Canada. It’s done that in the past but this time around Boeing is trying to dig itself out of a self-inflicted public relations disaster. The firm has put the proposed Super Hornet purchase by Canada in jeopardy by convincing the U.S. Commerce Department and International Trade Commission to launch an investigation into Canadian aerospace firm Bombardier. The investigation will examine the dumping of commercial aircraft into the U.S. market. “The U.S. market is the most open in the world, but we must take action if our rules are being broken,” U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said in a statement after the hearing into Boeing’s claim. Boeing claims that Bombardier received subsidies, which in turn, allowed it to sell its C-Series aircraft at below-market prices. The Liberal government’s response? It has suggested it might not go ahead with the Super Hornet deal. Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland’s recent chastening of Boeing for its actions and promise to review military procurement involving Boeing leaves in limbo Canada’s purchase of 18 Super Hornet jets, a deal expected to cost $5 billion to $7 billion. Canada has not yet signed the deal to acquire the Super Hornets. That was expected to be in place by the end of the year or early next year. (With files from Marie Danielle Smith) Boeing Company sponsored Super Hornet CANSEC military trade show to draw crowds and protests Leonardo and IMP get ready for proposed Cormorant helicopter modernization Video Connect With Us Email Alerts Get the latest news in your mailbox as it happens Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Traffic More Local News Local News Driver allegedly impaired by fentanyl, other drugs when Renfrew couple killed in crash Local News Man killed in SUV-transport truck crash Local News Spears: Universities wrestle with how to stop fake science publishers Classified Stories, pictures and tributes to life. View and place obituaries, and more. Share the joy. Tell the world. Read and place announcements here. Buy, sell and trade smarter. Find the job you want in your city. View and place job listings, and more. The faster, fresher and greener way to shop flyers. × Share As Canada questions Super Hornet deal, Boeing to announce interim fighter industry team Email Twitter Facebook Pinterest Google+ Linkedin News All News Local News Politics +PS Defence Watch The Gargoyle National World Opinion All Opinion Columnists Your Letters Editorials Editorial Cartoons Electoral Reform Business All Business Local Business FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Energy Technology Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Cappies Sports All Sports Local Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Tennis Life All Life Homes Food Style Our Ottawa World of Birds Life Story Health Fashion & Beauty Parenting Relationships Puzzles & Comics Royals Travel Gift Guide © 2017 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Driving Obits Announcements FlyerCity Shopping Careers Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Legal Privacy Terms Copyright & Permissions Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact Us ePaper Digital Access Manage Newsletters Contests Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal Montreal Gazette National Post Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Windsor Star Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your Market account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Market to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email address. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password. 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We didn't recognize the password reset code. Please enter your email below below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Market is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ
Warning: this page will not work because you have JavaScript disabled in your browser. Go LATEST MOST POPULAR NEWS VIDEO PHOTO NEWS VIDEO PHOTO HOME JG.TV News Business International Sports Life & Style Opinion INDEX New Russian Jet Heralds Carbon Manufacturing Shake-Up i An MS-21 medium-range passenger plane, produced by Irkut Corporation, takes off in Irkutsk, Russia, Sunday (28/05). (Reuters Photo/PR Department of Irkut Corporation) By : Tim Hepher | on 11:00 PM May 30, 2017 Category : International, World Paris. Russia's new jetliner, which conducted its maiden flight on Sunday (28/05), may have a hard time challenging the sales duopoly of Boeing and Airbus, but it does point the way to radical changes in how they could be building jets in the future. The MS-21, a new single aisle airliner produced by Russia's United Aircraft Corporation, is the first passenger plane borne aloft by lightweight carbon-composite wings built without a costly pressurized oven called an autoclave. The manufacturing process provides a test for a technology already being assessed by Western rivals, who are looking for cheaper and faster ways to build some of their aircraft with composites, according to aerospace executives and suppliers. Even as it sets up the world's largest autoclaves to make wings for its giant 777X, Boeing is exploring alternatives for its "New Midsize Airplane" (NMA), in the middle of the market between its big wide-body jets and best-selling 737. "There's a good chance part of the NMA will be built without autoclaves," a person familiar with the project said. A Boeing spokesman said it was studying mid-market opportunities and declined further comment. Sources say Boeing's choice of technology for its two-aircraft NMA family will lay the foundation for the next generation of its money-spinning 737, expected to appear from 2030 and last well into the second half of the century. Boeing has not yet discussed this part of its strategy publicly, but industry sources said it may include a trio of jets seating 160 to 210 people and built using broadly the same production system as the one developed for the NMA. Both families of planes are likely to be built for 30 years and stay in service for another 20-30. So today's technology choices represent a colossal 75-year bet. Airbus too is monitoring the technology as it considers how to respond to Boeing's mid-market jet, CNN reported last month. Airbus has declined to comment on the report. Pivotal Decision Composites have been used in aviation since the 1970s but achieved a breakthrough in the past decade as the Boeing 787 Dreamliner and Airbus A350 entered service, promising to save money on fuel by replacing most metal parts with lighter carbon. Those are long-haul jets, which means that the savings on fuel are worthwhile even though the planes are expensive to build. For short-haul planes that burn less fuel, like the NMA or future 737, it is more important to find cheaper ways to build them, and avoiding the need for autoclaves could help. Betting on technology that does not require an autoclave is a gamble also for composite suppliers like US-based Hexcel, Solvay of Belgium and Toray of Japan, whose share of aerospace manufacturing is growing. At a recent JEC composites fair in Paris, Hexcel and Solvay showcased out-of-autoclave prototype parts as they gear up to supply manufacturers on a bigger scale. "It's one of the big questions now in aerospace: how to produce out-of-autoclave on a large scale and at high speeds," said Henri Girardy, business development manager at Hexcel Composites, adding jetmakers would accept no cut in performance. Boeing's Dreamliner and the Airbus A350 are built from carbon fiber already impregnated with resin, called "prepreg," which is supplied to jetmakers, tailored by machines into plane parts and cured inside giant pressure-cooking autoclaves. Analysts say these parts cost around 30-40 percent more to produce than aluminium. Under the new technology, instead of using fiber that is pre-impregnated with resin, parts are made from a dry-fiber engineered textile which is placed in a mold and then infused with resin under a vacuum. The parts can then be cured in an oven without pressure, a process estimated to cost 25 percent more than metal. Ultimately, that gap needs to narrow significantly or disappear. Boatbuilders and windfarm makers have used this method for years. Secondary airplane parts have also been made that way. But although Canada's Bombardier partly used the technique for its CSeries, it was rare for flight-critical parts before the designers of the new Russian plane chose it for the wing. The MS-21 has yet to score large sales but has been able to catch onto the latest manufacturing wave at a time when Western giants are starting to think beyond their recently upgraded models to future designs. "This is an excellent technology demonstrator because it is on a real program and a primary-structure part," said Frank Nickisch, global director of strategic projects at Solvay Composite Materials, which provided materials for the MS-21. He noted that the wings on the MS-21 are of comparable size to a Boeing 737 or Airbus A320. Still, more needs to be done to bring down costs. And composite firms are not yet ready to support output at speeds planemakers have in mind. Industry sources say Boeing is expected to build 20-30 of its proposed mid-market planes a month, about twice the rate for the 787. Future 737 and A320 replacements are likely to be closer to the 60-80 mark. Nickisch said the proposed new Boeing middle-market aircraft would be a good test case for whether the industry can switch to a higher tempo using the widely expected composites. Yet tough planemaker targets on cost, performance and output require progress on three fronts: cheaper materials, wider automation and computer simulation to ensure new technology works first time, following widespread delays with new jet programs. "Prepreg technology has been developing for 40 years, based on day-to-day knowledge. But to bring in a new process we need to be able to predict it first, with databanks," Girardy said. ReutersShow More Russia MS-21 United Aircraft Corporation New Midsize Airplane NMA As US and China Find Common Ground on North Korea, Is Russia the Wild Card? Several Injured as Aeroflot Flight Hits Turbulence Before Landing in Bangkok   Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. MORE NEWS Saudi Arabia, Egypt, UAE Sever Ties to Qatar Over 'Terrorism' Fresh Safety Concerns Hang Over Global Airlines Conference Southeast Asian Nations Step Up Cooperation as Islamic State Threat Mounts 'Enough Is Enough' PM May Says After London Attackers Kill Seven Southeast Asian Nations Step Up Cooperation as Islamic State Threat Mounts Unsure of US, Asia Builds New Alliances to Counter China Vietnam's White House Lobbying Coup Secures Strategic Gains South Korea Plans Energy U-Turn Away From Coal, Nuclear Philippines' Duterte Says Islamic State Not Behind Casino Attack TRENDING #Indonesiatourism #IslamicState #MarawiCity #Philippines #India Most Popular     ABOUT US PRIVACY POLICY CAREER CONNECT APPS Copyright©2017 Jakarta Globe, All Rights Reserved Close Close Close Close
Skip to main content About Us Contact Submission Guidelines Permissions Advertising Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Foreign Policy Experts Roundtable Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Subscribe Sign In Register May-June 2017 Issue out now! Log In Subscribe TwitterFacebook Search The Buzz Phantom Express: The Super Spaceplane Boeing and DARPA Hope to Make a Reality Dave Majumdar May 30, 2017 TweetShareShare Earlier this month, Boeing and the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) announced that they hope to build a new space plane to quickly carry satellites and other payloads into orbit. Called the Experimental Spaceplane (XS-1) program, the new robotic spacecraft would be an autonomous, reusable spaceplane. The spaceplane would be used to lift a small expendable upper stage aloft to where it could launch a small satellite of about 3,000 pounds into low Earth orbit. “Phantom Express is designed to disrupt and transform the satellite launch process as we know it today, creating a new, on-demand space-launch capability that can be achieved more affordably and with less risk,” Darryl Davis, president of Boeing Phantom Works, said in a statement. The idea behind Phantom Express is that as a reusable spaceplane, it could be turned around and launched back into space quickly. Conventional rockets can be used just once while the U.S. Space Shuttle program—which was also reusable spaceplane—is a now a distant memory. But even then, the Shuttle did not have an especially quick turnaround time. Despite being decades newer, the Phantom Express will leverage some of the technology from the Space Shuttle program, which was developed during the 1970s. Indeed, the Phantom Express spaceplane’s engine technology is directly derived from the Space Shuttle. “The Aerojet Rocketdyne AR-22 engine, a version of the legacy Space Shuttle main engine, would power the spaceplane,” reads a Boeing statement. “It is designed to be reusable and operates using liquid oxygen and liquid hydrogen fuel.” But while the Phantom Express reuses some of the Space Shuttle’s technology, it offers advances in other areas. It would offer a much more advanced airframe design as well as new third-generation thermal protection. But the air vehicle would be far smaller and lighter than the Space Shuttle—nor would it need to be built to withstand quite the same stresses as its predecessor. “Once the spaceplane – called Phantom Express – reaches the edge of space, it would deploy the second stage and return to Earth,” Boeing states. “It would then land on a runway to be prepared for its next flight by applying operation and maintenance principles similar to modern aircraft.” Boeing and DARPA are planning to jointly invest their money into the development of the Phantom Express. The two entities hope to conduct a demonstration of 10 flights over 10 days—a feat which is unprecedented. If the experiment works, the Phantom Express could be a revolution in space launch technology. Dave Majumdar is the defense editor for The National Interest. You can follow him on Twitter: @davemajumdar. Image: Boeing.  TweetShareShare View the discussion thread. Topics: TopicsSecurity Regions: More stories by: Dave Majumdar Kim Jong-un Isn’t Crazy and China Doesn’t Have a Solution Negotiating with North Korea requires treating its leader as closer to a “smart cookie” than a “madman.” Doug Bandow What Do China's Military Strategists Think of the Battle of Midway? China likely recognizes that once wars are started with America, even when militarily successful, they may be extremely difficult to end. Lyle J. Goldstein America May Have Ditched TPP, But It Hasn't Ditched Asia The Asia-Pacific region is refusing to let the pact die, even leaving the door open for a change of heart by Washington. Anthony Fensom Latest Issue May-June 2017 Kissinger's Moral Example Table of Contents Subscribe Digital Edition Subscribe to our Newsletter Most Popular Iran's Missile Defenses Slashing Command Bolton's Beijing High Five for Clinton Father Knows Best . . . ? Prelude: What to Expect in This Space The Wildest Dream: Bombing Iran Heavyweight Huddle on Iraq Subscribe Access all of our articles all of the time. Subscribe today: 6 issues for $29.95 Twitter Facebook Youtube RSS Feed Subscribe to our Newsletter Back to top About Us Press Room Subscriptions Contact Us Jobs and Internships Advertising Submission Guidelines Permissions Masthead Home Magazine Blogs Security Society Economics Politics Global Governance Africa Americas Asia Eurasia Europe Middle East Oceania ©2017 The National Interest. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: nwitimes.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $14.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Now! Products Customer Service Calendar Home News Crime News Latest Updates Lake County News Porter County News LaPorte County News State and Regional News South Suburban News National News World News Government and Politics History E-Edition Sports NWI Preps Columnists Business Northwest Indiana Business Headlines Jobs and Employment Transportation News Healthcare News Business Columnists Opinion Letters to the Editor NWI.com Blogs Editorials Forum Columnists Entertainment Comics Games Horoscopes Northwest Indiana Calendar People Lifestyles Inspired Living Health & Fitness Food and Cooking Home and Garden Celebrations Photos Buy Photos Obituaries Area Deaths/Tributes Cars Jobs Homes For Sale Ads Rental Ads Rental Showcase Classifieds Buy Local Deals Coupons Newspaper Ads Buy Photos Business Directory Weekly Ads Contact Us Customer Service Toggle navigation Menu Search Subscribe Now! Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Sports Business Photos Obits Classifieds AP Dollar General and Deere rise; Boeing and HP Enterprise Jun 1, 2017 Updated Jun 1, 2017 NEW YORK (AP) — Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily on Thursday: Boeing Co., down 31 cents to $187.32 Canada's defense minister renewed threats to cancel an order for Boeing fighter jets because of its trade complaint against Bombardier. Dollar General Corp., up $4.80 to $78.19 The discount store chain announced a bigger profit and better sales than investors expected. Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co., down $1.29 to $17.52 The information technology company posted a smaller profit than expected. Palo Alto Networks Inc., up $20.40 to $138.99 The security software company did better than analysts expected in its fiscal third quarter. Deere & Co., up $2.24 to $124.70 The tractor and mower maker said it will buy Germany's Wirtgen, a maker of highway paving machinery, for about $4.9 billion. PPG Industries Inc., up $2.80 to $109.16 Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. The chemicals company abandoned efforts to buy Dutch rival AkzoNobel, which has rejected its takeover approaches three times. Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, up 57 cents to $11.14 Car sales fell for the fifth month in a row, but investors were pleased with the sales figures. Express Inc., down $1.49 to $6.27 The clothing retailer said discounts cut into its profit margins in the first quarter and it lowered its annual outlook. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Tags Wire Business Information Technology Latest in section South Korea draws up $10 billion extra budget to create jobs Q&A: Internet extremism and how to combat it 11 Million Americans Are Making This Huge Money Mistake 1 Important Portfolio Checkup You Need to Do in 2017 An Apple Inc. Supplier Seems to Confirm the iPhone 8 Delay More on this topic South Korea draws up $10 billion extra budget to create jobs Q&A: Internet extremism and how to combat it 11 Million Americans Are Making This Huge Money Mistake 1 Important Portfolio Checkup You Need to Do in 2017 An Apple Inc. Supplier Seems to Confirm the iPhone 8 Delay Most Popular on nwi.com UPDATE: 32-year-old shot in Memorial Day homicide Video captures altercation before fatal Gary shooting Police: Evidence of meth lab found in Hobart home UPDATE: Silver Alert canceled for Munster man Methadone surprised officials in infant's death Local Companies | FindTheCompany Currents Television 21 great TV shows that didn't make it past the first season National News The 50 highest-paying jobs in the healthcare industry +5 National News A look at US history according to the Old South's 'Confederate Catechism' LeBron's brilliance not enough in Game 2 loss to Warriors Curry, Durant lead Warriors to 2-0 lead with 132-113 rout Happ's 2 HRs, Jay's RBI single lead Cubs over Cardinals 7-6 The Latest: Warriors beat Cavs 132-113, take 2-0 Finals lead Find local businesses View local offers Local Businesses Tim's Landscaping 1433 South Broad Street, Griffith, IN 46319 Ads Re'new Home Center 506 East Summit Street, Crown Point, IN 46307 Ads Whittaker Woods (GolfVisions) 12578 Wilson Road, New Buffalo, MI 49117 Calumet College Of St Joseph 2400 New York Ave, Whiting, IN 46394 E-edition Inspired Living Get Healthy Your Family Featured Sections Best of the Region Buy Local Deals Regional Crime Report CrimeTimes Northwest Indiana Calendar Online Features Contact The Times About Us Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Send a News Tip Newspapers In Education Donation Request Work At The Times RSS Feeds E-newsletter Sign-Up © Copyright 2017 NWI Times, 601 W. 45th Ave. Munster, IN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
News Local Oil & Gas National Sports World Entertainment Business Breaking News Alerts News Tips About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Local Sports Entertainment Oil & Gas National Loading articles... The Thursday news briefing: An at-a-glance survey of some top stories National by The Canadian Press Posted Jun 1, 2017 2:33 pm MDT Last Updated Jun 1, 2017 at 3:20 pm MDT Highlights from the news file for Thursday, June 1 U.S. WITHDRAWS FROM PARIS CLIMATE ACCORD: President Donald Trump has announced that the U.S. will withdraw from the Paris climate agreement, but will begin negotiations to “re-enter either the Paris accord or an entirely new transaction.” Trump said during a White House Rose Garden announcement that the U.S. will exit the landmark climate agreement aimed at reducing carbon emissions to slow climate change. Trump says the deal “disadvantages” the U.S. and is causing job losses and lower wages. ——— CANADA ANNOUNCES COMPENSATION FOR SOFTWOOD PRODUCERS: Natural Resources Minister Jim Carr and other members of cabinet have unveiled an $867-million package of supports to help lumber producers and employees weather the impact of new U.S. tariffs on Canadian softwood. The package announced Thursday includes loans and loan guarantees to help ease the burden for forestry companies and to help them explore new markets and innovations. In April, the Trump administration slapped countervailing import duties as high as 24 per cent on softwood, arguing Canada unfairly subsidizes its industry. ——— FORMER ONTARIO NURSE PLEADS GUILTY TO MURDER: The former Ontario nurse charged in the slayings of eight seniors has pleaded guilty to eight counts of first-degree murder. Elizabeth Wettlaufer appeared in a Woodstock, Ont., court Thursday. Police have said the killeds took place over the last decade in three long-term care facilities where Wettlaufer worked as a registered nurse, and at a private home. Wettlaufer also pleaded guilty to four counts of attempted murder. ——— FORMER ENGINEER ACQUITTED OF CHARGES IN MALL COLLAPSE: A northern Ontario court has acquitted a former engineer of criminal negligence charges in the collapse of an Elliot Lake shopping mall. Robert Wood had declared the Algo Centre Mall structurally sound just weeks before the collapse in 2012. Two women were killed when part of the roof-top parking deck at the mall caved in. ——— COUILLARD SAYS TIME TO REOPEN CONSTITUTION: Quebec Premier Philippe Couillard says Canada’s 150th birthday is the right time to reopen constitutional discussions. Couillard told The Canadian Press that while the issue took a backseat to the economy and health care for the first half of his mandate, he would have been disappointed had his first term finished without tackling the subject of Quebec-Canada relations. There is no timeline for opening constitutional negotiations, but Couillard is hopeful the vast coast-to-coast discussion he is launching will eventually lead there. ——— FIGHTER JET TALKS IN LIMBO: The federal government says it’s not talking to other companies about replacement fighter jets in spite of its trade dispute with Boeing. The parliamentary secretary for Procurement Minister Judy Foote says the government has suspended talks with Boeing about plans to purchase Super Hornet fighter jets. But Steve MacKinnon says the government is not talking to other companies about supplying fighters. The government says it is disappointed that Boeing has petitioned the U.S. government to investigate subsidies for Bombardier’s CSeries aircraft that it says have allowed the Canadian company to export planes at well below cost. ——— TAKEOVER SPECULATION FUELS BLACKBERRY STOCKS: BlackBerry Ltd. shares were on the rise Thursday after a research report identified the Canadian company as a likely target for an acquisition. The shares rose nearly 11 per cent on the Toronto Stock Exchange at one point in the wake of the report by Citron Research. It is predicting the company’s shares are likely to reach US$20 on the Nasdaq within 24 months and is a likely buyout target at a sizable premium. ——— HOUSING STRATEGY TO CLOSE EQUALITY GAP: The head of the federal agency crafting a national housing strategy says he’ll try to close the equality gap between the haves and have-nots. Evan Siddall of the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corp. says inequality threatens the very fabric of western society. The comments are a change of tone from Siddall, who months ago tried to temper high expectations that the strategy would meet hopes that a national plan would move people out of shelters and into homes and deal with concerns about affordability in the country’s biggest cities. ——— FORMER SECURITY OFFICIAL CALLS FOR BEEFED UP CYBER DEFENCE: The former head of the American National Security Agency says the U.S. and and Canada need a new cyberdefence program to prevent hackers from economic attacks. Retired Gen. Keith Alexander tells The Canadian Press that the potential benefits from the Liberal government’s core economic plan to encourage investment and innovation are at risk of being stolen and undermined by hackers. He says with Canada staking its economic future on technological innovation, it mustn’t allow the products and advancements that might come from that to simply be stolen. ——— PHILIPPINES HOTEL COMPLEX ATTACKED: An attack on a hotel and casino complex near Manila’s airport sent hundreds fleeing early Friday morning. Gunshots rang out as police rushed to the Resorts World Manila complex. The Islamic State group took responsibility for the attack, but a police official says there is no evidence the casino attack is terrorism and no confirmed reports of gunshot wounds. Police believe just one gunman was involved. ——— Movie Trailers June 2, 2017 to June 8, 2017 Landmark 6, 10015 Manning Ave. PH:791-6610 Landmark Cinemas Landmark Cinemas Fort McMurray Weekend Listings: The Boss Baby (G) 11:45am / 3:00pm / 6:30pm / 9:30pm Smurfs: The Lost Village (PG) 12:00pm / 3:15pm / 6:15pm / 9:00pm The Fate and the Furious (PG) 11:30am / 12:30pm / 2:45pm / 3:45pm / 6:00pm / 7:00pm / 9:15pm / 10:15pm Going in Style (PG) 12:45pm / 4:00pm / 7:15pm / 9:45pm Beauty and the Beast (PG) 12:15pm / 3:30pm / 6:45pm / 10:00pm          660 NEWS CALGARY NATIONAL Trump set to make debut on Washington’s social scene Jun 04, 2017, 6:15 PM Attack brings out the best in London’s Borough neighbourhood Jun 04, 2017, 6:05 PM Correction: Plant Explosion-Wisconsin story Jun 04, 2017, 3:59 PM The Latest: Grande, Katy, Liam Gallagher sing for Manchester Jun 04, 2017, 2:44 PM UK hails man who fled attack holding beer an unlikely hero Jun 04, 2017, 1:57 PM Military faces intensive archival search to pinpoint gay purge numbers Jun 04, 2017, 1:30 PM Military faces intensive archival search to pinpoint gay purge numbers Jun 04, 2017, 11:30 AM More Canadians seeking disability benefits have denials overturned on appeal Jun 04, 2017, 11:00 AM Rejected NDP leadership candidate heads to court; wants to run in contest Jun 04, 2017, 8:41 AM Solving clearance conundrums a major, but little known, job in film and TV Jun 04, 2017, 8:00 AM Frequency allocation to make room for wireless means some TV stations must move Jun 04, 2017, 8:00 AM Canadian accused in Yahoo hack appeals decision to deny bail Jun 04, 2017, 8:00 AM BUSINESS SPORTSNET OIL & GAS ENTERTAINMENT Company wants to move gold search from Keystone to Rochford Jun 04, 2017, 10:11 AM Five things to watch for in the Canadian business world in the coming week Jun 04, 2017, 8:00 AM Gallery owner alleges major US Western art sale defamed him Jun 03, 2017, 9:04 AM Farmers decry Trump plans to cut agriculture subsidies Jun 03, 2017, 8:35 AM Morneau to meet with American counterpart in Ottawa next week Jun 02, 2017, 5:23 PM Donaldson’s blast gives battered Blue Jays big win over Yankees Jun 04, 2017, 3:54 PM Big Read: The most important summer of Dylan Strome’s life Jun 04, 2017, 9:19 AM Blue Jays appear to dodge bullet on Devon Travis’ hand injury Jun 04, 2017, 3:22 PM Smoak, Donaldson lead Blue Jays to late win over Yankees Jun 04, 2017, 3:54 PM Steve Kerr will coach Warriors in Game 2 of NBA Finals Jun 04, 2017, 6:16 PM Environmental groups concerned pipeline project will increase tanker traffic Jul 26, 2016, 8:20 AM Oil prices poised to slide, crude glut continues Jul 26, 2016, 7:33 AM "Distasteful" ad prompts Canada Action to further distance itself from former volunteer Jul 25, 2016, 2:35 PM Oil spill forces Prince Albert to shutdown water intake Jul 25, 2016, 10:11 AM ConocoPhillips Canada plans to cut upwards of 300 staff, mostly in Calgary Jul 22, 2016, 1:01 PM Book industry looks to hold steady in turbulent time Jun 04, 2017, 11:23 AM 'Wonder Woman' conquers milestone with $100.5 million debut Jun 04, 2017, 9:40 AM Putin dismisses US claims about Trump, Russia and elections Jun 04, 2017, 7:58 AM Late in life, sex assault trial caps Cosby's life and legacy Jun 04, 2017, 7:03 AM Grande returning to stage Sunday for Manchester benefit show Jun 04, 2017, 6:10 AM Home About Us Contact Us Breaking News Alerts Advertise with us Advertise with us Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service 9912 Franklin Ave, Fort McMurray, Alberta T9H 2K5 © 2016-2017 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifiying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *}
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: Getting a buyout from the EPA?•Fed-focused bills on Capitol Hill•Which TSP fund went into the red? Headlines Get Email Alerts Business News Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Dollar General and Deere… Dollar General and Deere rise; Boeing and HP Enterprise By The Associated Press June 1, 2017 5:28 pm < a min read Share NEW YORK (AP) — Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily on Thursday: Boeing Co., down 31 cents to $187.32 Canada’s defense minister renewed threats to cancel an order for Boeing fighter jets because of its trade complaint against Bombardier. Dollar General Corp., up $4.80 to $78.19 Download our Expert Edition e-book, Cyber: Continuous Diagnostics and Mitigation. Advertisement The discount store chain announced a bigger profit and better sales than investors expected. Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co., down $1.29 to $17.52 The information technology company posted a smaller profit than expected. Palo Alto Networks Inc., up $20.40 to $138.99 The security software company did better than analysts expected in its fiscal third quarter. Deere & Co., up $2.24 to $124.70 Check out Federal News Radio's latest podcasts. The tractor and mower maker said it will buy Germany’s Wirtgen, a maker of highway paving machinery, for about $4.9 billion. PPG Industries Inc., up $2.80 to $109.16 The chemicals company abandoned efforts to buy Dutch rival AkzoNobel, which has rejected its takeover approaches three times. Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, up 57 cents to $11.14 Car sales fell for the fifth month in a row, but investors were pleased with the sales figures. Express Inc., down $1.49 to $6.27 The clothing retailer said discounts cut into its profit margins in the first quarter and it lowered its annual outlook. Related Topics Business News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Dollar General and Deere… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Top Stories May TSP returns continue positive streak, minus one negative outlier Top Story IRS to start website overhaul in August Technology EPA's government reorganization summer homework Workforce 10 bills you missed while you were focused on the budget Legislation What’s it like inside Mattis’ Pentagon? Defense News Fed Photo of the Day USDA celebrates National Egg Day with day-old chics Today in History 1954: Sen. Joseph McCarthy charges communists are in the CIA THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER Jun 02, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.9816 0.0275 2.80% L 2020 25.7437 0.0680 4.59% L 2030 28.8357 0.1161 6.52% L 2040 31.1263 0.1459 7.46% L 2050 17.8873 0.0941 8.30% G Fund 15.3373 0.0009 0.98% F Fund 17.9321 0.0503 2.57% C Fund 33.9325 0.1257 8.67% S Fund 43.9355 0.1937 4.96% I Fund 28.5205 0.3243 14.31% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2017 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
Rogers Media uses cookies for personalization, to customize its online advertisements, and for other purposes. Learn more or change your cookie preferences. Rogers Media supports the Digital Advertising Alliance principles. By continuing to use our service, you agree to our use of cookies. We use cookies (why?) You can change cookie preferences. Continued site use signifies consent. City Cityline Breakfast Television News Local Athlete of the Week National GTA Sports Sportsnet Entertainment Life Video Weather Extras News Tips News Alerts Inside CityNews Our Team About Us Contact Us Apps LISTEN LIVE LOCAL VIDEO NEWS TIPS Loading articles... The Thursday news briefing: An at-a-glance survey of some top stories by The Canadian Press Posted Jun 1, 2017 4:33 pm EDT Last Updated Jun 1, 2017 at 5:20 pm EDT National Highlights from the news file for Thursday, June 1 U.S. WITHDRAWS FROM PARIS CLIMATE ACCORD: President Donald Trump has announced that the U.S. will withdraw from the Paris climate agreement, but will begin negotiations to “re-enter either the Paris accord or an entirely new transaction.” Trump said during a White House Rose Garden announcement that the U.S. will exit the landmark climate agreement aimed at reducing carbon emissions to slow climate change. Trump says the deal “disadvantages” the U.S. and is causing job losses and lower wages. ——— CANADA ANNOUNCES COMPENSATION FOR SOFTWOOD PRODUCERS: Natural Resources Minister Jim Carr and other members of cabinet have unveiled an $867-million package of supports to help lumber producers and employees weather the impact of new U.S. tariffs on Canadian softwood. The package announced Thursday includes loans and loan guarantees to help ease the burden for forestry companies and to help them explore new markets and innovations. In April, the Trump administration slapped countervailing import duties as high as 24 per cent on softwood, arguing Canada unfairly subsidizes its industry. ——— FORMER ONTARIO NURSE PLEADS GUILTY TO MURDER: The former Ontario nurse charged in the slayings of eight seniors has pleaded guilty to eight counts of first-degree murder. Elizabeth Wettlaufer appeared in a Woodstock, Ont., court Thursday. Police have said the killeds took place over the last decade in three long-term care facilities where Wettlaufer worked as a registered nurse, and at a private home. Wettlaufer also pleaded guilty to four counts of attempted murder. ——— FORMER ENGINEER ACQUITTED OF CHARGES IN MALL COLLAPSE: A northern Ontario court has acquitted a former engineer of criminal negligence charges in the collapse of an Elliot Lake shopping mall. Robert Wood had declared the Algo Centre Mall structurally sound just weeks before the collapse in 2012. Two women were killed when part of the roof-top parking deck at the mall caved in. ——— COUILLARD SAYS TIME TO REOPEN CONSTITUTION: Quebec Premier Philippe Couillard says Canada’s 150th birthday is the right time to reopen constitutional discussions. Couillard told The Canadian Press that while the issue took a backseat to the economy and health care for the first half of his mandate, he would have been disappointed had his first term finished without tackling the subject of Quebec-Canada relations. There is no timeline for opening constitutional negotiations, but Couillard is hopeful the vast coast-to-coast discussion he is launching will eventually lead there. ——— FIGHTER JET TALKS IN LIMBO: The federal government says it’s not talking to other companies about replacement fighter jets in spite of its trade dispute with Boeing. The parliamentary secretary for Procurement Minister Judy Foote says the government has suspended talks with Boeing about plans to purchase Super Hornet fighter jets. But Steve MacKinnon says the government is not talking to other companies about supplying fighters. The government says it is disappointed that Boeing has petitioned the U.S. government to investigate subsidies for Bombardier’s CSeries aircraft that it says have allowed the Canadian company to export planes at well below cost. ——— TAKEOVER SPECULATION FUELS BLACKBERRY STOCKS: BlackBerry Ltd. shares were on the rise Thursday after a research report identified the Canadian company as a likely target for an acquisition. The shares rose nearly 11 per cent on the Toronto Stock Exchange at one point in the wake of the report by Citron Research. It is predicting the company’s shares are likely to reach US$20 on the Nasdaq within 24 months and is a likely buyout target at a sizable premium. ——— HOUSING STRATEGY TO CLOSE EQUALITY GAP: The head of the federal agency crafting a national housing strategy says he’ll try to close the equality gap between the haves and have-nots. Evan Siddall of the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corp. says inequality threatens the very fabric of western society. The comments are a change of tone from Siddall, who months ago tried to temper high expectations that the strategy would meet hopes that a national plan would move people out of shelters and into homes and deal with concerns about affordability in the country’s biggest cities. ——— FORMER SECURITY OFFICIAL CALLS FOR BEEFED UP CYBER DEFENCE: The former head of the American National Security Agency says the U.S. and and Canada need a new cyberdefence program to prevent hackers from economic attacks. Retired Gen. Keith Alexander tells The Canadian Press that the potential benefits from the Liberal government’s core economic plan to encourage investment and innovation are at risk of being stolen and undermined by hackers. He says with Canada staking its economic future on technological innovation, it mustn’t allow the products and advancements that might come from that to simply be stolen. ——— PHILIPPINES HOTEL COMPLEX ATTACKED: An attack on a hotel and casino complex near Manila’s airport sent hundreds fleeing early Friday morning. Gunshots rang out as police rushed to the Resorts World Manila complex. The Islamic State group took responsibility for the attack, but a police official says there is no evidence the casino attack is terrorism and no confirmed reports of gunshot wounds. Police believe just one gunman was involved. ——— Join the conversation Cancel reply Sign in to comment. You're logged in as . Edit Profile | Logout. Loading profile... Unexpected error. Please try again. Notice: Your email may not yet have been verified. Please check your email, click the link to verify your address, and then submit your comment. If you can't find this email, access your profile editor to re-send the confirmation email. You must have a verified email to submit a comment. Once you have done so, check again. Comment Please read our commenting policies Listen Now 680 NEWS live --:-- LOCAL NATIONAL Parkdale rent strikes take protest to property owner's front door Jun 03, 2017, 8:21 PM Hamilton police investigate homicide of man, 42, found on sidewalk Jun 03, 2017, 4:44 PM Durham police arrest 1 of 2 suspects in 2012 slaying of Vancouver man Jun 03, 2017, 1:12 PM Woman, 70, struck by taxi, critically injured on Kingston Road Jun 03, 2017, 12:08 PM 2 men seriously injured after being hit by car Jun 03, 2017, 11:25 AM Mississauga residents on edge after rash of car break-ins May 26, 2017, 9:49 PM B.C. legislature in 'uncharted territory' as it tussles with Speaker appointment Jun 04, 2017, 7:00 AM Canadian woman Christine Archibald identified as victim in London terror attack Jun 04, 2017, 4:37 AM No winning ticket for Saturday night's $9 million Lotto 649 jackpot Jun 04, 2017, 1:52 AM The Wednesday news briefing: An at-a-glance survey of some top stories May 31, 2017, 4:37 PM City costs for Vancouver 4-20 marijuana protest more than $245,000 May 25, 2017, 8:15 PM Wildfire's return stalls recovery plans for Fort McMurray oilsands industry May 17, 2016, 8:06 AM LIFE SPORTSNET ENTERTAINMENT Lots going on this weekend in Toronto ... but good luck getting there Jun 01, 2017, 12:34 PM Switching off: Parents urged to keep infants away from digital screens Jun 01, 2017, 12:06 AM Lawyers take personalized 'Grabher' licence plate case to Supreme Court May 31, 2017, 6:53 AM Health Canada investigating reports of babies burned by Banana Boat sunscreen May 31, 2017, 6:47 AM Dog rescued from Scarborough Bluffs, runs immediately back to edge May 30, 2017, 1:46 PM Safety review of Toronto's bike and walking trails starts Monday May 29, 2017, 5:52 AM Donaldson’s blast gives battered Blue Jays big win over Yankees Jun 04, 2017, 3:54 PM Big Read: The most important summer of Dylan Strome’s life Jun 04, 2017, 9:19 AM Blue Jays appear to dodge bullet on Devon Travis’ hand injury Jun 04, 2017, 3:22 PM Smoak, Donaldson lead Blue Jays to late win over Yankees Jun 04, 2017, 3:54 PM Raonic upset by Carreño Busta in French Open round of 16 Jun 04, 2017, 10:42 AM CNN cuts ties with Kathy Griffin over gruesome Trump video May 31, 2017, 5:40 AM Ariana Grande, Justin Bieber, others, to play Manchester charity concert on Sunday May 30, 2017, 11:37 AM Tragically Lit: The Hip strikes partnership with medical marijuana company May 30, 2017, 9:56 AM From screen to page: NFB forays into book publishing May 29, 2017, 2:24 PM Gregg Allman of The Allman Brothers Band dies at age 69 May 27, 2017, 5:11 PM Home About Us Contact Us Download App Advertise with us Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service 333 Bloor Street East, Toronto, Ontario M4W 1G9 © 2002-2017 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifiying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *}
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad REVEALED: Killer jihadi, 27, 'radicalized by YouTube' was known to British police and was filmed arguing with cops after unfurling ISIS flag in a park one year before London Bridge terror attack 'I misjudged you': Piers Morgan apologizes to 'admirable' Ariana Grande and praises her voice... after criticizing her for jetting home following Manchester attack I saw three jihadis shot dead - bang, bang, bang: Dramatic pictures taken by eyewitness who was just yards away show moment eight police cut down terrorists in a hail of 50 bullets  'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry. She'd have wanted to hear the hits': Ariana Grande reveals message mother of bombing victim gave her during UK concert US Ambassador breaks ranks with Trump to PRAISE Mayor Sadiq Khan after the president criticized the London mayor for his response to capital's terror attack How dare the US say 'we are reeling': They know nothing of our resilience, writes DOMINIC LAWSON  'This bloodshed will end': Trump vows to do whatever is necessary to protect US from the 'vile enemy' as he gives speech at black tie gala in wake of London terror attack Former New York Knicks head coach Derek Fisher is arrested for DUI in LA after crashing and flipping his car with Basketball Wives star girlfriend Gloria Govan in the passenger seat Fed up with having horrible arguments at home? Relationship coach reveals the one word that will defuse EVERY marital row (and it's not 'sorry') 'What I did was absolutely immoral, but not illegal': Designer who first put Ivanka Trump on the catwalk speaks out against his 59-year sentence for rape An $8 bottle of wine from grocery chain ALDI is voted among best in the world Cleaning up his act? Freshly shaven Tiger Woods is pictured for the first time since he was arrested for DUI while 'on four prescription pills' Smash hit Wonder Woman makes $101.4MILLION over the weekend as it becomes highest-grossing film by a female director EVER 'His toenails were so long they clicked on the floor like a dog': People reveal why they REALLY dumped their ex in brutally honest online confessions London jihadi was 'euphoric' hours before murdering seven as he asked a neighbor about hiring a truck: Father of two, who hid his hated of Western values behind 'nice guy' mask, tried to 'radicalize children' PIERS MORGAN: British Prime Minister Theresa May talks tough now but what did she do when she was in charge of the Home Office? She cut police numbers by 20,000. And now we're paying the price in blood. The detective's notes that suggest suspect was known to terror police: Hand written comments show person involved in the investigation was 'interrogated' by police last year  'Islamophobia hasn't killed anyone': Australia's former PM slams officials for soft response to terror as he calls for 'shoot-to-kill' commando units to guard against Australian attacks 'He looked like a f*****g Muslim terrorist': Straight-talking Australian describes how he was stabbed in the neck by London jihadi on his LAST night in the UK before flying home  'Alarmist blowhard' Trump faces furious backlash over his tweet condemning London Mayor just hours after London terror attack ISIS celebrates deaths of seven killed in London Bridge attack with sick posts vowing more terror  'I saw a man carrying knives and I just started running. He was less than 10ft behind me': Trainee nurse, 19, reveals terrifying escape from London attacker  'Don't confuse grief with lack of courage': Britain hits back against New York Times claims nation is 'still reeling from Manchester terror'  'This is for my family, this is for Islam': Mother reveals what deluded Jihadi knifeman yelled as he plunged a 12-inch blade into the stomach of her son, 23, leaving a scar stretching from his belly to his back Previous Next United Airlines to launch an 18-hour nonstop flight between LA and Singapore - making it the longest route to or from the US The airlines said flight distance is about 8,700 miles total from LAX to Singapore  Flights fly from LA at 8.55pm and arrive two days later in Singapore at 6.50am  And depart Singapore at 11am and arrive in LA at 10.15am on the same day  Flights total 18 hours and will start on October 27 pending government approval By Dailymail.com Reporter and Associated Press Published: 16:48 EDT, 1 June 2017 | Updated: 14:31 EDT, 2 June 2017 e-mail 265 shares 137 View comments United Airlines announced Thursday that it will launch an 18-hour flight between Los Angeles and Singapore, making it the longest route to or from the United States. Westbound flights will be a derriere-numbing 17 hours and 55 minutes.  Flight UA 37 will depart Los Angeles at 8.55pm daily and arrive in Singapore at 6.50am two days later local time. The total distance is about 8,700 miles.  The return flight, UA 38, will depart Singapore's Changi Airport at 11.00am daily, arriving at Los Angeles International Airport at 10.15am the same day.  United Airlines (file) announced Thursday that it will launch an 18-hour flight between Los Angeles and Singapore, making it the longest route to or from the United States Flight UA 37 will depart Los Angeles at 8.55pm daily and arrive in Singapore at 6.50am two days later local time. The total distance is about 8,700 miles. Pictured is United's 787-9 Dreamliner aircraft  that features 48 Polaris business class seats  Flying times will be approximately 17 hours, 55 minutes westbound and 15 hours, 15 minutes eastbound, with the prevailing tail wind.  The airline said Thursday that assuming it gets government approval, flights will start on October 27 using Boeing 787 planes. 'The flight between LAX and SIN will set the new distance record for any airline operating a flight to or from the United States, at 8,700 miles,' the airline said in a statement.  United already has an existing service between San Francisco International Airport (SFO) and SIN, which started one year ago, June 1, 2016. That particular flight, accoding to United, holds the current record for the longest scheduled 787 flight operated by any airline and is currently the longest scheduled flight operated by any US carrier, at 8,446 miles.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Terrifying moment United Airlines plane engine catches fire... Shocking moment angry Delta passenger is cuffed and dragged... Share this article Share United will operate both routes with Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner aircraft. 'Whether our customers are on leisure or business travel, United is making travel to Singapore easier and even more convenient than ever before ...,' said Dave Hilfman, United's senior vice president of Worldwide Sales.  United operates more than 130 flights to over 40 airports across the US. 'We are proud that United Airlines will set a new record for the longest nonstop route by a domestic carrier right here at LAX,' said Deborah Flint, CEO of Los Angeles World Airports.  United's 787-9 Dreamliner aircraft will feature a total of 252 seats – 48 United Polaris business class, 204 United Economy, including 88 Economy Plus.  United Economy seats feature an adjustable headrest and seat-back monitor, while the United Economy Plus offers up to five inches of extra legroom.  United Economy seats feature an adjustable headrest and seat-back monitor, while the United Economy Plus offers up to five inches of extra legroom. Pictured is business class on Singapore Airlines' Boeings The longest current US flight is Qantas' 8,578-mile trip between Dallas-Fort Worth and Sydney, Australia. Among flights that don't touch the US, Qatar Airways flies a 9,032-mile route between its hub in Doha and Auckland, New Zealand.  United's announcement comes after nearly two months of bad press. In April, several incidents were reported on United flights, the most notorious occurred when police violently drug Dr David Dao off a flight, leaving him with a concussion and broken nose, among other injuries. LONGEST FLIGHTS IN THE WORLD 1. Sydney-Dallas, Qantas – 8,578 miles, 16 hours and 55 minutes 2. Jeddah-Los Angeles, Saudia – 8,332 miles, 16 hours and 40 minutes 3. Johannesburg-Atlanta, Delta Air Lines – 8,439 miles, 16 hours and 40       minutes 4. Dubai-Los Angeles, Emirates – 8,339 miles, 16 hours and 35 minutes 5. Abu Dhabi-Los Angeles, Etihad Airways – 8,390 miles, 16 hours and 30 minutes. 6. Doha-Los Angeles, Qatar Airways – 8,306 miles, 16 hours and 25 minutes 7. Dallas-Hong Kong, American Airlines – 8,123 miles, 16 hours and 20 minutes 8. Dubai-Houston, Emirates – 8,168 miles, 16 hours and 20 minutes 9. Abu Dhabi-Dallas, Etihad Airways – 8,054 miles, 16 hours and 20 minutes 10. Doha-Houston, Qatar Airways – 8,047 miles, 16 hours and 20 minutes.   Source: DailyMail.com, February 2016 United's CEO Oscar Munoz said following the violent incident that the airline 'had a horrible failure'. 'It is not who we are. We will do better,' he said.  In May, passengers reported being attacked by a scorpion that caused a flight to evacuate and another passenger received a five-figure compensation pay out after her giant bunny, Simon, froze to death on its way to America while traveling with the airline. A couple was also kicked off a flight on their way to their wedding in Costa Rica. Last week, the airline reportedly accused a gay father, who was flying with his son to North Carolina, of inappropriately touching the boy. United issued an apology immediately after that incident.  And most recently, a bird strike shut down the engine of a United plane not long after it took off from Chicago on Thursday morning. A video showed flames shooting from the wing.  Share or comment on this article e-mail 265 shares Most watched News videos Graphic footage of London attack victim with serious neck injury Shocking dashcam footage shows people fleeing scene of terror attack Hero Londoners try to save victims of city's latest terror attack Bloodied man led to safety through a cordon of armed police Moment gunshots are heard outside a restaurant in London Bridge Police tell drinkers to 'get down immediately' in London bar Exclusive: Armed police order people to the floor in Barking Horrific moment man randomly hits 90-year-old with cane in NYC Shocking moment woman blocks young boy from brutal crash This cat wants out! Owner argues with cat who wants to go outside Woman heard crying in fear as police evacuate Borough Market Theresa May says 'enough is enough' after London terror attack Arsenal jihadi 'euphoric' hours before murdering seven as... 'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry. She'd have wanted to... Family pay tribute to Canadian woman killed in terror... KATIE HOPKINS: You’re right, Theresa. We cannot go on... Armed police arrest 12 - including four women - at East... 'Stay with me, please, I love you': Bystanders rush to... Trump condemns London Mayor after terror attack:... Harrowing dashcam footage reveals trail of devastation on... Pippa Middleton and James Matthews return to civilisation... Body of Manchester terror victim Eilidh MacLeod, 14, is... 'He's a soldier': Father-of-three stabbed FOUR times by... Desperate families beg for information on 'missing' loved... ISIS celebrates deaths of seven killed in London Bridge... Bystander caught in police crossfire was shot in the head... Hero neighbor shoots knife-wielding father dead as he... Frail man, 90, who was viciously beaten with a cane in a... 'Bit of pain but I'll survive': Australian waitress, 31,... Where.Am.I? Bungling Black Eyed Pea Will.i.am slammed... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 137 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bradley Cooper is seen cradling his newborn daughter Lea De Seine during stroll with Irina Shayk in LA Young family  Bella Hadid slips her impressively slim figure into racy cut-out swimsuit as she smoulders in another high profile sports campaign Miley Cyrus praises 'role model' Ariana Grande as she puts on a leggy performance at inspiring One Love fundraiser Touching words  'I misjudged you': Piers Morgan apologizes to 'admirable' Ariana Grande and praises her  after criticizing her for jetting home following Manchester attack What a pair! Kendall Jenner and Hailey Baldwin show off their trim figures in leggings in NYC Both the models dressed down  Dressed to the nines! The First couples Ivanka and Jared and Donald and Melania turn heads in their black-tie attire as they head to the Ford's Theatre Gala  Daddy's not-so-little girl! Danny DeVito is dwarfed by daughter Lucy as they attend Drama Desk Awards in NYC Huge comedy star  'Do not be afraid': Ariana Grande's heroic mother Joan shares empowering message as she joins fans in the crowd at One Love concert in Manchester  'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry. She'd have wanted to hear the hits': Tearful Adriana Grande reveals inspirational message mother of bombing victim  Ariana Grande sparks confusion by sporting dazzling rock on her left hand... as she is supported by boyfriend Mac Miller onstage at Manchester tribute  'Happy Sunday everybody!!' Jennifer Lopez shares Instagram snap with Alex Rodriguez and children in pool Everyone is smiling  Hoping to join her? Hailey Baldwin flaunts toned tum in an Adidas sports bra... days after gal pal Kendall Jenner is named brand ambassador She looks like a winner! Nominee Kate Walsh sizzles in a satin dress at Drama Desk Awards in NYC The 49-year-old actress wore a silky ivory top Curves ahead! Courtney Stodden reveals her bountiful bosom as she shimmies in LBD during racy video She's an expert at posting sensual selfies 'Cut her legs off, she crawls right back to me': Tyga seemingly mocks ex Kylie Jenner in new single Playboy Appears to take aim at the natural beauty 'Grow up!': Kim Kardashian RIPS Caitlyn Jenner's new memoir... as Kourtney claims Bruce borrowed money from her in KUWTK teaser Game Of Thrones fans MIGHT have to wait until 2019 for final season... as HBO cautions there won't be a spin-off any time soon More teasing delays She's a star in stripes! Laura Linney wears wide bright panel dress as she wins top honor at Drama Desk Awards The 53-year-old actress was a star in stripes  Putting in the work! Hot and sweaty Kaley Cuoco is red-faced as she leaves LA gym after Sunday workout session Wiped off the sweat from her face  Keeping the faith! Selena Gomez keeps it casual in a hoodie and cropped jeans as she attends trendy Hillsong Church NYC Attended a service  Pretty little traveler: Make-up free Lucy Hale is casual chic as she dons pink bomber jacket and ripped denim for flight out of LA Has quit alcohol  That's a stretch! Bethenny Frankel, 46, bends over backwards while showing off fit bod in new yoga photo Clearly enjoys showing off her workouts Booty-ful moves! Iggy Azalea shows off her stunning figure in red leotard while writhing onstage at awards show in Mexico City All eyes on her  Forget something? Bella Thorne wears most daring look yet as she flaunts chest by going BRALESS under sheer top while out in LA Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy 'will watch her mother give birth to twins so she doesn't feel left out' Unconventional parenting Dirty girl! Emily Ratajkowski allows a female friend to put mud on her bare bottom during trip to hot springs while enjoying Italian vacation Making them green with envy! Cynthia Nixon, 51, cuts a chic figure in lime frock at Drama Desk Awards Started off the red carpet in style Siren... with a heart! Ariel Winter models white tank top as she speaks out against testing on animals Modern Family star is a staunch activist  'As a father, this has made me truly sad': David Beckham pays tribute to his 'home' of Manchester as he sends poignant video message to One Love concert Fergie spends family time in LA as Black Eyed Peas rock One Love Manchester without her Wowed the crowd with their hit Where Is The Love? Genetically blessed family! Fergie rocks all-black outfit as she and Josh Duhamel take son Axl, three, to church Fergie, 42, looked super in black skinny jeans  'I've got an emotional depth greater than two years ago': Hunger Games star Sam Claflin reveals fatherhood made him a better actor Life changing  Australian actor Hugh Sheridan claims he and Rebel Wilson visited a 'secret apartment' in Disneyland after the actress said she was related to Walt Disney Justin Bieber is brought to tears as emotional One Love Manchester gig cracks his tough exterior onstage Touching scenes Holding on to her man! Makeup-free Milla Jovovich is chic in big glasses as she giggles with husband Paul W.S. Anderson Resident Evil star Coldplay's Chris Martin is brought to his knees in emotionally-charged duet of Don't Look Back In Anger with Ariana Grande at Manchester gig 'Barn life': Kristin Cavallari slips into her Daisy Dukes as she takes her family to feed chickens in the country Lifestyle mogul's had a day out  Showing her stripes (and abs): Single Olivia Munn flaunts her impressive stomach in crop top at LAX Showing off her stunning figure Dressed to the nines! Ivanka Trump looks stunning in a red gown as she heads to the Ford's Theatre Gala hand-in-hand with Jared Looked regal  'Love conquers fear and love conquers hate': Katy Perry sends a poignant message as she dresses in angelic all-white at One Love Manchester concert 'First official pool day!': Katherine Heigl matches her swimsuit to her lawn umbrella as she enjoys a relaxing Sunday with husband Josh Parents to two girls  Khloe Kardashian jets out of LA as her basketball beau Tristan Thompson prepares for big game in Oakland Reality star radiated glamour and celebrity Hollywood's most eligible single! Jennifer Garner looks lovely as she takes baked goods to church... after it's claimed Affleck is already 'dating' Cleaning up his act? Freshly shaven Tiger Woods is pictured for the first time since he was arrested for DUI while 'on four prescription pills' 'I had so much anxiety': Kim Zolciak reveals coping with son's ferocious dog attack got to her as she takes her family on bikini vacation Can enjoy some time off Hilar-ious: Hilary Duff rocks geek chic glasses while having a laugh with a friend after brunch in New York City Is on a break from shooting Younger  Back to the family! Scott Disick enjoys Calabasas outing with Mason and Penelope... after partying with bikini babes in Europe He's had his hands full  Back to school! Katie Holmes says she's 'excited' about having enrolled in Harvard University's Business Of Entertainment program It's never too late  Where.Am.I? Bungling Black Eyed Pea Will.i.am forgets what city he's in at Manchester terror concert as he greets crowd by saying 'What's up London?'  Pippa Middleton's brother-in-law Spencer Matthews enjoys a laidback weekend with friends... while his girlfriend Vogue Williams is in Spain  Liam Gallagher makes surprise appearance at Ariana Grande's One Love concert in Manchester but fans are disappointed brother Noel does not join him  Pippa Middleton and James Matthews return to civilization after three days spotting crocodiles and kangaroos at a 'luxury wild bush' resort in Australia  Underwear-free Lindsay Lohan dazzles in a thigh-skimming gold dress as she celebrates socialite BFF Hofit Golan's birthday Turned heads in London They made a pretty girl! Daughter of Eddie Murphy and Nicole looks stunning in white as she hits Women Of Excellence Awards Gala in LA 'F*** them all': Alec Baldwin defends Kathy Griffin on Twitter and  insists 'no one believes you intended to threaten Trump' What happened to her lips? Khloe Kardashian shows off a massive pout as she stuns in Snapchat image taken in her car A hair-raising look! Gwen Stefani steps out in bizarre cropped trench coat with tulle finish for church trip with her kids Quirky look  They could be sisters! Reese Witherspoon glows in floral dress as she poses next to 'best friend forever' Shannon Rotenberg Stunning blondes  How Cary Grant took acid to get over his issues with women: Famed actor took 100 LSD pills over the course of THREE YEARS to counter his struggles Former Knicks coach Derek Fisher is arrested for DUI in LA after crashing his car with Basketball Wives star girlfriend Gloria Govan in the passenger seat Legs out for The Weeknd! Selena Gomez oozes sex appeal in two clingy thigh-skimming dresses as she enjoys night out in New York Enviable figure  Kendall Jenner reveals a little TOO much as she goes braless in a semi-sheer corset dress while strolling through New York Grabbed attention  'Men and religion are worthless': Bette Midler speaks out as stars from Ariana Grande to Khloe Kardashian support London terror attack victims Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy 'will watch her mother give birth to twins so she doesn't feel left out' She is expecting twins in the coming weeks  'Take a picture while we joking': Jay Z caught faking candid photo with Kevin Hart... but comedian insists 'it came out dope as hell' The graduate! Eva Longoria receives honorary degree from Knox College... then treats herself to a Dairy Queen dessert Ariana Grande's brother Frankie meets with fans as he arrives at Old Trafford cricket ground ahead of the star-studded benefit concert  Love is blind! Single KUWTK star Jonathan Cheban wears statement shirt in Beverly Hills after splitting from Anat Popovsky last year Spanish fashion designer David Delfin dies at age 46 after battle with cancer Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy was one of the first to pay tribute  Bonding time! Ashley Benson and Shay Mitchell match in black as they enjoy girls' night out with Pretty Little Liars creator while leaving Craig's Princess Charlene exudes glamor in scarlet lipstick as she turns out to support Lycra-clad husband Prince Albert for his water bike challenge  Mommy and me! Minnie Driver goes makeup-free with stylish hat as she takes her son Henry shopping in Malibu Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk leave the baby at home for a low-key date night in Santa Monica The pair went incognito for a romantic evening  Eric Dane makes first public appearance after break to cope with depression as he joins wife Rebecca Gayheart and kids at Chrysalis Ball Happy anniversary! Lindsay Price and Curtis Stone beam at Chrysalis Ball as they prepare to celebrate four years of marriage She has a sizzling Ora about her! Rita sends temperatures soaring as she flaunts her cleavage and toned waist in skimpy bikinis for VERY saucy shoot His biggest fan! Gavin Rossdale, 51, is supported by stunning new love interest Sophie Thomalla, 27, as he rocks out on stage in Las Vegas Prince Harry tucks into a traditional iftar feast of porridge and dates with young Singaporeans to celebrate the breaking of the fast during Ramadan 'Today was a good day': Former Bachelorette Trista Sutter posts loved-up snap with husband Ryan after suffering a scary seizure in Croatia Penny Lancaster, 47, shows off her famous model figure in a thigh-skimming crochet dress as she soaks up the sun on a yacht with husband Rod Stewart, 72 PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Welcome to my world! Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn enjoy their morning coffee as she takes him home to Nashville 'Internet shopping like a self-pity fiend': Lena Dunham reveals how she's coping after endometriosis treatment as she's spotted in her PAJAMAS Pirates of the Caribbean star Kaya Scodelario 'REFUSES to pay for sick grandmother in Brazil as family label her actions unforgivable' Crocodile safaris, kangaroo for dinner and only wallabies for company: Inside Pippa Middleton and James Matthews' remote luxury outback love nest 'Missing my pink hair!': Kylie Jenner shares flashback photo with a snake... after sister Kendall possibly outed the teen as a smoker Hidden message? 'People can't tell us apart!' Kim Zolciak, 39, admonishes Brielle, 20, after she jokes her mom 'looks 40' Brielle Biermann incited the wrath of her mom Giggly Keri Russell glows in a summery peplum skirt and white top as she attends Polo event with long-term partner Matthew Rhys Loved-up couple  Girls' vacation! Kourtney Kardashian opens up her photo album as she shares flashback snaps from roadtrip with Kim and Khloe Still going strong! Balthazar Getty poses with wife Rosetta and kids at Chrysalis Ball... as it's been nearly 10 years since Sienna Miller affair Kate Beckinsale keeps it casual in tight black leggings as she showcases her svelte physique Rumored to be getting cozy with Jon Hamm  Sheer madness! Joanna Krupa reveals her toned stomach in body hugging black gown Turned heads on the red carpet  Girl done good! Natalie Portman 'snaps up $6.5million four bedroom Santa Barbara mansion with 10.4 acres of land and stunning views of the Pacific' Teen Mom star Farrah Abraham sports long blonde hair as she spends the day with her daughter Sophia Had a big day in the Big Apple  Braless Lottie Moss shows off her model figure in a plunging floral knotted crop top and matching shorts as she lunches with her mother in London ABS-olutely fabulous! Braless Miley Cyrus highlights her svelte figure in crop top with shorts and denim jacket Flashed her flat stomach in a white crop top Liam Payne, 23, reveals he and girlfriend Cheryl, 33, plan to expand family... as he admits fatherhood has made him a 'changed man' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Pippa's new husband breaks with tradition by donning a wedding ring James, 41, has donned a gold band to show his devotion  Scott Disick, 34, cuddles up to topless Australian model, 21, as he enjoys a raucous evening with woman number NINE during trip to London Where the bloody hell was she? Lara Bingle 'arrives 45 minutes late' to Tiffany & Co. launch in before 'clocking off and refusing to speak to journalists' Those boots aren't made for walking! Iggy Azalea showcases some VERY extravagant floral thigh-highs in a plunging silky white gown  Looking good in her Blue Jeans! Lana Del Rey cuts a casual cool figure in black polo with skinny trousers while out in LA Spotted in Hollywood  Classic LBD with a twist! Zendaya wows in black dress with pearl detailing for Chrysalis Butterfly Ball The 20-year-old stepped out in an elegant gown  Khloe Kardashian's Good American fashion line hits back at accusations from independent designer that reality star copied her work Teen Mom OG's Ryan Edwards checks into rehab... after ex Maci Bookout revealed she was terrified he might OD He is doing well  'I've been let go!' Kevin Can Wait star Erinn Hayes dropped from second season as Leah Remini joins the cast Will not be returning for the second season  Stunning in Soho! Selena Gomez shows off her toned stomach in a crop top as she spends the day with friends The Bad Liar beauty is visiting the East Coast Ariana Grande 'set to perform tear-jerking duet of Where Is The Love? with The Black Eyed Peas' at star-studded One Love Manchester Benefit  The diet worked! Molly Sims flaunts her svelte frame on date night after ten-week bikini after baby plan They just spent last week in Mexico together 'Night Time!' Lindsay Lohan wears an unzipped dress as she poses atop her bed for saucy Instagram snap Shared a provocative picture 'Seal found your musical G-spot!' Delta Goodrem bursts into laughter at Boy George's VERY risqué joke during The Voice Australia live  Controversial remark Former Australian Bachelor contestant Tiffany Scanlon showcases her taut abs in a tiny red bikini as she reveals the secret behind her new six pack 'I went from eating at the White House to sleeping in the bushes': Child star Willie Aames reveals his 'stupid decisions' led to him losing everything 'She was standing there and I fell in love': Willie Aames reveals the incredible story of meeting his pen friend of 30 YEARS, Winnie Hung, who became his wife David and Victoria Beckham are 'ripping out their $6.4million country estate... because 'the roof colors don't match' Have halted work I want candy! Angelina Jolie treats kids Shiloh and Vivian to roller skating as daughter Zahara is seen with giant box of Hot Tamales Doting mother  Shop til you drop! Sofia Vergara looks effortlessly elegant in slim floral pants as she hits the shops in Beverly Hills She oozed style  'Lost for words but currently safe': Ruby Rose and girlfriend Jessica Origliasso are in lockdown as they're caught in the middle of London terror attack 'Getting into her zone': Coco Austin takes daughter Chanel, one, to Ice-T's concert... and dances along backstage Attended her husband Ice-T's concert Who is Ruairi Luke? Meet the busty Australian model who was spotted partying TOPLESS with Scott Disick and another man on a London balcony  'He is not feeling great': An exhausted Scott Disick returns to Los Angeles after a raucous week of partying as it's claimed he's 'ready to shape up' Now that's an arrival! Ice-T and Coco Austin are MOBBED by fans as they jet into Sydney with daughter Chanel They have both arrived in Australia  Ready for summer! Reese Witherspoon looks girly in gingham as she enjoys a day of shopping with husband Jim Married for six years Broadway star Laura Bell Bundy marries longtime love Thom Hinkle in country themed nuptials at horse track Tied the knot to the TBS executive  Baby on the way! Mad Men's Ben Feldman's wife Michelle Mulitz reveals her bump on the red carpet Attended the 16th Annual Chrysalis Butterfly Ball 'That's the fun part!' Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles buys her grandchildren 'drum sets'... to 'get my kids back' A 63-year-old beauty  'Brunettes have fun too!' Paris Hilton ditches her blonde locks for a brown wig as she plays dress up on Snapchat Known as the gorgeous blonde heiress 'I proposed to the love of my life': Former Dallas Cowboys quarterback and Hall of Famer Troy Aikman gets engaged to girlfriend Capa Mooty Alexandra Daddario keeps low profile in baggy ensemble after enjoying a tiki cruise with friends Looked a little worse for wear 'They've gotten even closer': Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk speak 'several times a day' as actor works away from home following daughter's birth 'No hair, no makeup, no nothing': Jennifer Lopez, 47, looks half her age in bare-faced glimpse at her pre-show ritual Superstar bared-all for video  Stunning in silver! Halle Berry, 50, wows in sequined dress with matching jacket for the Chrysalis Butterfly Ball Oscar winner did not disappoint  'Think she's fond of my leg hair?' Bella Thorne's kitten snuggles into teen's unshaven pins Took to Instagram to announce that she had fallen ill GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Lady Mary partied so hard at Noel Gallagher's epic 50th birthday party she has been bedridden ever since Big birthday bash  Just do it! Bella Hadid flaunts her midriff in Nike sports bra with coordinating bottoms The 20-year-old stepped out for a work commitment  Breaking Bad star Aaron Paul can't keep his hands of wife Lauren Parsekian as they pack on the PDA while he films new movie in Italy That's Amore Priyanka Chopra reveals her svelte physique in a polka dot sundress at the Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic Finished her promo tour for Baywatch Absolutely quacked! Guy Ritchie and Tom Hardy 'storm out of Chinese restaurant after they're denied Peking Duck dish'  Unhappy  Christie's girl! Sailor Brinkley-Cook lets her natural beauty shine as she poses for magazine Let her natural radiance shine through for the latest issue 'We all might just make out': Orange Is The New Black star Yael Stone outlines VERY raunchy Wentworth crossover Lust-driven outline for a spin-off 'Beach bound!' Kim Zolciak shows off impressive figure on family Bahamas vacation... as brave son Kash helps stray one month after dog attack Night and day! Emma Roberts is transformed as she steps out in costume while filming Little Italy The beauty was clad in a patent leather black coat Who IS the murderer on the Orient Express? The line-up of suspects from the new eagerly anticipated film based on Agatha Christie's novel 'This goes down as a classic': Lupita Nyong'o raves over new Wonder Woman movie in heartfelt review She wholeheartedly agrees Justin Bieber jets into Germany clutching onto his skateboard ahead of performance at Ariana Grande's One Love Manchester benefit concert 'My marriage was a Greek tragedy': Prince Charles's astonishing hand-written letters to Nancy Reagan reveal his anguish over his split from Diana  'I was probably self-medicating: Kiwi singer Lorde reveals she went through a bout of heavy drinking after breaking up with ex-boyfriend White hot! Nicole Murphy puts her ample assets on display in low-cut frock for Women of Excellence Awards Gala Graced the red carpet  'Obsessed!' Heather Morris and son Owen tuck in as they celebrate National Donut Day May still be reeling from her baffling elimination from DWTS Plait looks fun! Bella Thorne rocks tiny shorts and braids as she steps out with her party posse She was seen with her rumored on again boyfriend Gregg Sulkin  Horsing around! Nicky Hilton Rothschild wows in green silk dress at Veuve Cliquot Polo Classic Kendall Jenner was also there Cher joins mourners as 'Ramblin Man' Gregg Allman is laid to rest in the same cemetery he used to write songs Thousands of fans lined the streets of Macon Disgraced Josh Duggar makes return to social media in post celebrating his four-year-old son Marcus' birthday two years after sex scandal Flaunting her Cannes tan! Bella Hadid showcases her endless legs in shorts and cut-out top during photoshoot Strutted her stuff  Keeping it brief! Leggy Kendall Jenner accidentally flashes her UNDERWEAR in leafy green mini-dress at star-studded Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic Busted! Kendall Jenner shares photo of sister Kylie holding a cigarette while bragging about photography skills Is she trying to get her sister in trouble? Heidi Klum, 43, stuns in a simple maxidress as she leaves Mykonos with beau Vito Schnabel, 30, after soaking up the sun on the Greek island Tanned and relaxed Wild things! Emmy Rossum and Sam Esmail share images from their honeymoon safari in Rwanda The loved up couple hared a slew of shots  No sunburn for her! Nicole Kidman keeps her pale skin under cover in a long-sleeved dress at Veuve Clicquot's Polo Classic at Liberty State Park 9021-whoah! Rachel McCord (almost) bares all in a VERY daring embellished jacket as she attends the Hollywood premiere of All About The Money Move over Kim! Kris Jenner, 61, wears see-through lace top and bra for dinner outing with Jada Pinkett Smith Flaunted her incredible figure  Proud to be in the pink: It's the color which used to make feminists see red - but now today's top women dress in Millennial Pink to signal empowerment  Jennifer Garner looks in high spirits as she picks up daughter Violet, 11, from school in navy shift dress... after ex Ben Affleck finally moves belongings out  We Belong Together! Mariah Carey and her recently rekindled flame Bryan Tanaka put on an amorous display at a dinner date  Couldn't be separated  EXCLUSIVE: Actor Alan Cummings is pleading for the release of his former chimpanzee co-star Tonka from 'cockroach-infested' primate foundation  Naughty and nice! Sophia Bush shows off her cleavage in a flirty lace dress at film festival gala in Connecticut  Pamela Anderson shows off her famous curves in a white bardot dress during  post-dinner walk with a male friend in St Tropez Fabulous in France  Just like dad! Tom Brady brings mini me son Jack to charity football game The 39-year-old NFL superstar looked every bit the proud father  'I sit there in awe': Seal reveals his 'deep affection' for The Voice co-star Delta Goodrem after announcing he 'loved' her The Voice Australia stars She's a City Girl! Rosario Dawson joins creator Sarah Ramos and Busy Philipps for a table read of Internet hit Three actresses couldn't stop smiling  'It was definitely not a comfortable day': Vanessa Williams, 54, rued having to wear bikini for first day on Daytime Divas (despite looking AMAZING) Manchester gets ready to rock and remember: Final preparations under way for tomorrow night's One Love benefit concert at Old Trafford  Just a day away  'We wouldn't have made the same choice': Wonder Woman director Patty Jenkins admits her 'heart sank' when Gal Gadot was originally cast Touchdown! Olivia Culpo and NFL star boyfriend Danny Amendola coordinate in red for charity football game Tom Brady's event Is that you Elle? Reese Witherspoon channels her ditzy Legally Blonde character in vibrant pink summer dress from her very own range 'This is the scariest building I've ever seen! WTF goes on inside?' Tom Hanks posts a photo of mysterious almost windowless Manhattan tower  Right on the Munn-ey! Braless Olivia stuns in Daisy Dukes as she puts on leggy display in lace up gladiator heels Treated herself to a new hair style Both of Bill Cosby's 'wives' will be at trial: Disgraced comedian's real-life partner of 50 years Camille and his TV spouse Phylicia Rashad will be in court  Pretty Little Liar star Ashley Benson goes braless as she reveals midriff in crop top while out in Beverly Hills Rocked the revealing ensemble  Coyote ugly! Kanye West wants to design Calabasas High School sports uniforms... but only if he can rename them the Wolves Joanna Krupa puts on a busty display in plunging white playsuit as she enjoys dinner in West Hollywood She recently split from husband Romain Zago Queen of green! Hailey Baldwin catches the eye in a quirky emerald tracksuit and stiletto heels as she steps out for coffee Cut a confident look Sudden departure! Stylish Justin Theroux leaves NY for LA ahead of The Leftovers final ever episode The 45-year-old cut a stylish traveler look Check mate! Lindsay Lohan blows a kiss as she dines out in stylish monochrome jacket... after admitting she 'misses' her Hollywood lifestyle Make-up free Julianne Moore cuts a casual figure as she rocks pajama couture in rare outing with husband Stepped out for lunch in New York 'I am basically a witch': Lorde reveals fascination with witchcraft as singer claims she has connected with the ghost of David Bowie Sheer perfection! The Mummy star Annabelle Wallis reveals her bra in a daring see-through top as she dines out in London Flashed her toned body He's scored! Proud Kim Sears celebrates husband Andy Murray's win against Juan Martin Del Potro at French Open Putting in the leg work! Alessandra Ambrosio catches the eye in thigh-skimming minidress as she attends Madrid fashion launch Turning heads in Spain  Bruce Springsteen's showjumping daughter Jessica displays her equestrian skills as she competes at the Athina Onassis Horse Show in St Tropez Black is the New Orange: Ruby Rose cuts a low-key figure as she touches down in London in a sombre hoodie and shades All grown up! Raven-Symone and Anneliese van der Pol reprise their best friend roles in new trailer for Disney's Raven's Home New trailer Lottie Moss displays her enviably toned pins in ruffled floral romper as she enjoys night out with Scott Disick's rumored flame Ella Ross Cuter couture! Orlando Bloom proudly rocks adorable T-shirt designed by his six-year-old son Flynn He has his own personal designer 'There's a place for outright silliness right now': Comedian Steve Carell says moviegoers need a balance of lighthearted comedy and reality  Sofia Vergara cuts a casual figure in off-the-shoulder top and ripped jeans while shopping in LA The 44-year-old star looked casual cool 'I didn't want a number': Tom Cruise reveals Top Gun sequel will be called Top Gun: Maverick Sequel to the 1986 action film Top Gun Sheerly amazing! Lorde takes the stage in black see-through top for star-studded Governor's Ball in New York City Revealing outfit Goddess in green! Isla Fisher cuts a chic figure in emerald leather-look jacket as she speaks at Children's Book and Author breakfast in New York Black Eyed Peas frontman will.i.am claims reports Fergie left the group are 'lies' and says she's focusing on solo work False rumors  Right on Target! Halsey dons a blue wig as she surprises diehard fans with impromptu meet-and-greet at LA store Blending in with the locals! Kelly Rowland sports camouflage jacket as she spends day in Sydney with family and husband Tim Weatherspoon Revealed: The full list of 100 super-rich British stars in $900million tax relief scheme includes The Beckhams, Robbie Williams, and Geri Halliwell Changing seasons! Lily Aldridge switches up summery red dress for fall pantsuit for Vogue shoot in New York Wowed in a hot-weather dress  Hello sunshine! Gigi Hadid gives just a peek at her toned tum in form-fitting bright yellow two-piece number She's used to having all eyes on her Still a Pretty Woman! Evergreen Julia Roberts stuns as she goes casual cool in bomber jacket over blouse for Malibu photoshoot Ageless beauty Kathy Griffin loses remainder of her tour gigs in wake of Donald Trump severed head scandal after dramatic press conference Celebrity Run-Ins Tour  I feel like a rock star after meeting Ariana Grande, says eight-year-old bomb victim who was visited in hospital by pop star and Prince William     DON'T MISS Ring of steel set to protect 50,000 fans: Huge security operation in place as Ariana Grande pays tribute to Manchester victims 22 people died Pretty as a petal! Maggie Gyllenhaal dons chic floral jacket and trouser combination at New York premiere of The Deuce Fashionable actress Kendall Jenner looks runway ready in coordinating striped top and wide leg pants for a day out in New York Wore a ribbed top and wide leg trousers 'They were serious': Bachelorette Rachel Lindsay 'dated NBA star Kevin Durant when they were in college' They both attended The University of Texas Back to family life! Kourtney Kardashian takes Mason and Penelope to the movies after living it up at the Cannes Film Festival Showed of her tummy 'My hairdresser is better than your hairdresser!' Model Simone Holtznagel flaunts her freshly-styled mane after a trip to the stylist She Dunn ever disappoint! Supermodel mother Jourdan looks sensational as she shoots an editorial in New York City Stunning outfits  Kelly Rowland tells critics to BACK OFF Delta Goodrem amid complaints about her 'bulls**t theatrics' on The Voice Australia  On the floor! Jennifer Lopez, 47, gets a helping hand up from her dancers after bending a little TOO far backward during her Las Vegas show No Blindspots! Jaimie Alexander reveals her toned tummy as she rocks crop top and tight black leather pants Seen in a revealing ensemble ABS-olutely fabulous! Karrueche Tran flaunts her midriff in vintage crop top with ripped jeans for lunch outing Stepped out for lunch at Mauro's restaurant Former Bachelorette star Trista Sutter, 44, suffers seizure and collapses in front of her children while on vacation in Croatia Scary ordeal Kathy Griffin breaks down in tears claiming Trump family ruined her life - as her lawyer scoffs at report Barron was upset over severed head video  Izabel Goulart shows off her incredible abs and pert posterior in nautical thong bikini as she enjoys Ibiza beach holiday with footballer beau Kevin Trapp Moms unite! Jessica Alba and Jenna Dewan-Tatum bring glam to the beach for Baby2Baby benefit Businesswomen and mothers Super mom! Zoe Saldana reveals toned tummy in crop top while picking up two-year-old twins from school Revealed her enviable midriff  Dill-igent mama to be! Pregnant Heidi Montag chomps down on a pickle to satisfy her cravings in middle of grocery store Five months pregnant Adriana Lima emphasizes her pins in colorful leggings... after diamond ring Instagram declaring 'I AM MARRIED TO ME' Out and about in Miami Extra extra! Drew Barrymore goes Boho in billowing rainbow maxi to hand out copies of her new publication Stepped into the world of publishing Ciao bella! Blogger Natasha Oakley flaunts her ample cleavage in a bikini as she soaks up the sun on lavish Italian getaway Bikini blogger Back in black! 13 Reasons Why's Katherine Langford dons an understated ensemble as she is swarmed by fans at Sydney airport 'Dog walkers on deck!' Kendall Jenner's Mew joins Mariah Carey's Cha Cha and Chloe Grace Moretz's Pearl in Wag club Furry friends Back so soon? Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi returns to Instagram just NINE hours after vowing to quit social media Couldn't stay away Good enough to eat! Padma Lakshmi looks delectable in crocheted swimsuit on the cover of Beach magazine She graced the new cover of Beach Having a ball! Bikini-clad Coleen Rooney shows off her stunning body as she cradles son Kit during family trip to Barbados with husband Wayne Basketball Wives: LA star Laura Govan's home burglarized as thieves take $700,000 in cash and jewelry from her Southern California property Shy guy! Zac Efron keeps a low profile in blue hoodie for return to LA... after showing off pole dancing skills on Graham Norton Show He's not usually shy 'She's gone into serious detail': Kylie Minogue 'to spill the beans' on Joshua Sasse split in new album... after music helped her through 'very tough time' 'I live for donuts!' Hunger Games star Liam Hemsworth gets VERY excited while driving dirt bike around in circles Miley Cyrus' fiance It's a boy! Actress Lake Bell welcomes her second child with Scott Campbell She and her tattoo artist husband already have daughter Nova, aged two Inspiring, indeed! Lea Michele shows off toned figure in tight floral dress at the Inspiration Awards in LA She was presenting an award at the ceremony All that's missing is a yacht! Mad Men vet January Jones pulls off nautical look at Inspiration Awards... after trashing Donald Trump on Instagram Chris Cornell's toxicology report shows he had a cocktail of strong sedatives and four Ativan pills in his system when he killed himself  Justin Bieber shows off his heavily tattooed chest and touches his nipples after hugging a bikini girl by a swimming pool in New York Having fun in the sun Soldiering on! Gwyneth Paltrow steps out still on her medical boot as she chats with a pal in Santa Monica First spotted in it just over a week ago Her own best advertisement! Khloe Kardashian strikes a sensual pose to model her newest figure-hugging Good American jeans Platell's People: Diana would tell William and Harry 'don't look back in anger' William has spoken of the agony of walking behind Diana's coffin Ready for The Weeknd! Selena Gomez shows off her toned stomach in a crop top as she jets off to see her boyfriend Said to be 'head over heels' in love Diane Keaton 'hates' her figure: Actress, 71, whose nude film scenes were meant to empower older women admits using designer clothes to cover up her body  The moment executive in charge of Apple Music 'yelled at Rihanna to sit down at the NBA Finals' Singer was animated at game, even heckling Kevin Durant Summer chic! Elle Fanning delights in white strapless dress as she steps out with mystery man in NYC Spotted out and about in New York City Twinning is winning! Coco Austin puts her daughter Chanel in a matching T-shirt... as the tot has a CC logo on her back In Australia with Ice-T Pippa Middleton's $150,000 Moneymoon: Newlywed's vacation featured $320 kangaroo lunch, pricey bikinis galore and 15-minute flight costing $650  They're Down with it! Fifth Harmony wow as they debut their first single without Camila Cabello on GMA Four remaining members of the band Lena Dunham carries a walker into her apartment as she continues to recover from the complications of endometriosis surgery Brandy explains 'exhaustion' from constant travel is the reason she fell unconscious on Delta flight out of LA and was later hospitalized Charli XCX flashes her toned stomach in crop top as she puts on a leggy display in tiny shorts during New York City concert Took center stage 'He's a special person!': Renee Zellweger gushes about boyfriend Doyle Bramhall while attending film gala with her brother Andrew Chilling out! Emma Stone looks relaxed in striped blouse and jeans as she enjoys down time after wrapping The Favourite La La Land star EXCLUSIVE: Carmelo Anthony is 'fuming' over Chris Rock's bold pass at basketball star's estranged wife La La Anthony - but she says she was 'flattered'  'Those are the children you raised': Kendall Jenner sounds off against Caitlyn 'dissing the Kardashians' in her tell-all memoir Accused her of lying Style Swoon: From bag silhouette Kendall Jenner keeps wearing to Alexa Chung's stylish new line, FEMAIL reveals fashions we're loving this week It's only crock 'n' roll! Youngest Stone is 70 (and now they all need support acts!)  All needed a guiding arm as they left Wood's 70th birthday bash Gretchen Carlson reveals she was shunned by her closest friends and coworkers after she accused Roger Ailes of firing her for refusing sex Married at First Sight star reveals his desperation to give his wife her first orgasm, after having sex with her regularly for three weeks with no luck Dawn of justice! Gal Gadot steps out of New York hotel make-up free as her film Wonder Woman is expected to take US box office by storm Girls night out: Lisa Rinna and Harry Hamlin's stylish daughters Delilah and Amelia step out in eye-catching outfits in Los Angeles No clashes here! Vanessa Williams glows while joined by her glamorous Daytime Divas co-stars during Nasdaq MarketSite event in NYC Beauty guru Michelle Phan posts first video in months, admitting how her growing obsession with vanity and money led to her depression YouTube beauty vlogger Pregnant Serena Williams showcases her blossoming bump as she watches French Open tennis... after revealing she does not know baby's gender Dirty Baby! Tyga's rumored former fling Demi Rose looks bootylicious as she steps out in a slogan crop top in Ibiza Put on a busty display Prom time! Teresa Giudice glows as her eldest daughter Gia, 16, looks pretty for high school dance... while dad Joe serves three years in prison Jon Hamm discusses his breakup from  Jennifer Westfeldt as he admits he may be a 'narcissist'... after 'getting cozy' with Kate Beckinsale Beaming Lily Collins looks every inch the gym bunny as she leaves workout in Los Angeles  in skin-tight leggings and khaki coat George Clooney's ex-girlfriend Elisabetta Canalis keeps it casual in t-shirt and jeans as she dotes over daughter Skyler during lunch outing Meet Monsieur Toilette! Deleted scene from live-action Beauty and the Beast reveals movie was meant to feature a feisty talking TOILET character EXCLUSIVE: 'I fight against my genes constantly': Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves enjoys passionate smooch with personal trainer Danni Levy Looks familiar! Victoria's Secret beauty Romee Strijd recreates Kendall Jenner's Marc Jacobs look for NYC photoshoot Covered up for once Busty Pamela Anderson shows off her tiny waist and lean legs in a cream bardot dress as she steps out in St Tropez She's 50 on July 1  Patron saint of fashion! Justin Bieber's protégé 18-year-old Madison Beer becomes Moschino designer Jeremy Scott's latest muse   Double denim diva! Jessica Biel channels one of her husband Justin Timberlake's most famous looks from his Britney Spears days Spotted in sunny NYC 'It's disheartening!': Real Housewives Of Atlanta star Phaedra Parks admits that her divorce from Apollo Nida is extremely painful Climate control! Ivanka sports bold red lipstick and short monochrome as she steps out in D.C., a day after shunning her father's Paris historic accord announcement Sean Penn 'bumped from ECONOMY to FIRST CLASS' after passenger on Delta flight 'made snarky comments' about star's carry-on bags Lunch to go! Katie Holmes picks up takeout in LA.... hours before Jamie Foxx is seen across town Keeping relationship out of the spotlight A new romance? Kate Beckinsale and Jon Hamm were 'flirting' and 'inseparable' at Los Angeles  screening for his new movie Baby Driver Chelsea Clinton flashes bra in sheer top at NYC gay bar's Pride Month event, admitting she wore green to protest Trump's Paris Accord decision She's having a boy! Heavily pregnant Lauren Conrad announces she's having a son with cute Instagram post Card said 'It's a guy' with a baby in blue car So long, Chicago! Sophia Bush goes incognito as she wears sunglasses at LAX airport after quitting hit medical drama Moving on to new things 'He's trying to teach me how to hit the ball!' Katherine Webb and her NFL husband AJ McCarron enjoy a baby-free date night at Topgolf 'They've flown cases of tequila to an amazing villa': Kim Kardashian 'joins husband Kanye West in the Bahamas for his lavish 40th birthday party' My how you've changed! Two decades after movie Matilda premiered we reveal where child stars are now... and some are totally unrecognizable 'You see young soldiers permanently damaged... it's very sobering': Brad Pitt says he made War Machine to remind people of ravages of war 'Gym selfie - because fat people don't work out, right?' Size 22 model Tess Holliday hits back at body-shamers by sharing a photo of herself in locker room Good heavens! Victoria's Secret Angel Alessandra Ambrosio goes BRALESS at shoe launch... as she hangs out with Kylie Minogue's ex Andres Velencoso Electra-fying! Carmen, 45, sizzles in plunging cocktail dress as she parties the night away at Hollywood hotspot The Peppermint Club Showed off her assets 'I'm not against people owning guns': Kim Kardashian talks tighter laws in honor of National Gun Violence Awareness Day Posted  views online  What an improvement! Kim Zolciak shows son Kash's healing face just six weeks after he was mauled by a dog Brave four year old is smiling again She's just like you and me! Drew Barrymore puts on her makeup in the carriage window as she rides the New York City subway Down to earth star Naomi Campbell stuns in one-shoulder gown while Victoria Silvstedt turns heads in a bright orange number at Monte-Carlo Fashion Week Gala Mischa Barton looks fashion forward as she steps out in a pink silk dress at the Executor premiere... following her sex tape battle  Flashed her legs Today's headlines Most Read Another fanatic slips through the net: Killer jihadi, 27, 'radicalised by YouTube' was known to police and... 'I misjudged you': Piers Morgan apologises to 'admirable' Ariana Grande and praises her 'cracking voice'...... I saw three jihadis shot dead - bang, bang, bang: Dramatic pictures taken by eyewitness who was just yards... 'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry. She'd have wanted to hear the hits': Tearful Ariana Grande reveals... US Ambassador breaks ranks with Trump to PRAISE Mayor Sadiq Khan after the president criticized the London... How dare the US say 'we are reeling': They know nothing of our resilience, writes DOMINIC LAWSON  'This bloodshed will end': Trump vows to do whatever is necessary to protect US from terrorists as First... Former New York Knicks head coach Derek Fisher is arrested for DUI in LA after crashing and flipping his car... Fed up with having horrible arguments at home? Relationship coach reveals the one word that will defuse... 'What I did was absolutely immoral, but not illegal': Designer who first put Ivanka Trump on the catwalk... An $8 bottle of wine from grocery chain ALDI is voted among best in the world Cleaning up his act? Freshly shaven Tiger Woods is pictured for the first time since he was arrested for DUI... Smash hit Wonder Woman makes $101.4MILLION over the weekend as it becomes highest-grossing film by a female... 'His toenails were so long they clicked on the floor like a dog': People reveal why they REALLY dumped their... Arsenal jihadi 'euphoric' hours before murdering seven as he asked a neighbour about hiring a van: Father of... PIERS MORGAN: Mrs May talks tough now but what did she do when she was in charge of the Home Office? She cut... The detective's notes that suggest suspect was known to terror police: Hand written comments show person... 'Islamophobia hasn't killed anyone': Tony Abbott slams officials for soft response to terror as he calls for... 'He looked like a f*****g Muslim terrorist': Straight-talking Australian describes how he was stabbed in the... Trump faces furious backlash over his tweet condemning London Mayor just hours after London terror attack ISIS celebrates deaths of seven killed in London Bridge attack with sick posts vowing more terror  'I saw a man carrying knives and I just started running. He was less than 10ft behind me': Trainee nurse,... 'Don't confuse grief with lack of courage': Britain hits back against New York Times claims nation is 'still... 'This is for my family, this is for Islam': Mother reveals what deluded Jihadi knifeman yelled as he plunged... Where.Am.I? Bungling Black Eyed Pea Will.i.am slammed after forgetting what city he's in at Manchester... Bystander caught in police crossfire was shot in the head as officers fired 'unprecedented 50 rounds of... Hero journalist who tweeted 'it isn't happening on my watch' before using his martial arts skills to tackle... Police officer steals the hearts of millions as he dances hand-in-hand with young girls in the crowd during... 'Every day 90 people are dying from gun violence': Gabby Giffords slams Trump for using London terror attack... MORE HEADLINES Arsenal jihadi 'euphoric' hours before murdering seven as he asked a neighbour about hiring a van: Father of two, who had worked for London Transport and hid his hated of Western values behind 'nice guy' mask, tried to 'radicalise children' 'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry. She'd have wanted to hear the hits': Tearful Ariana Grande reveals inspirational message mother of bombing victim said to her during Manchester concert Hero neighbor shoots knife-wielding father dead as he tries to drown his three-month-old twin babies in the bathtub  'Piece of s***': President Trump comes under fire over tweets about reinforcing the travel just hours after London terror attack Trump condemns London Mayor after terror attack: President blasts Sadiq Khan for saying there's 'no reason to be alarmed' after seven died and ridicules 'politically correct' response Family pay tribute to Canadian woman killed in terror attack who volunteered at homeless shelters and moved to Europe to live with her fiance  Pippa Middleton and James Matthews return to civilisation after three days spotting crocodiles and kangaroos at a 'luxury wild bush' resort as they continue their whirlwind Australian honeymoon KATIE HOPKINS: You’re right, Theresa. We cannot go on like this. But do you have the balls to do what’s REALLY needed and lock up the 3,000 terror suspects tomorrow? Armed police arrest 12 - including four women - at East London tower block in connection with terror attack as officers swoop on a flat above a Paddy Power shop less than a mile away  Dressed to the nines! The First couples Ivanka and Jared and Donald and Melania turn heads in their black-tie attire as they head to the Ford's Theatre Gala hand-in-hand with Jared The Google employee and his wife who lived in a $2,000 RV in the company's parking lot for TWO YEARS to save money so they could afford to buy a real home Another fanatic slips through the net: Killer jihadi, 27, 'radicalised by YouTube' was known to police and filmed arguing with officers after unfurling an ISIS flag in a park in a Channel 4 documentary Jeremy Corbyn accuses Theresa May of ignoring terror warnings when she cut 20,000 police officers and claims she is suppressing a report about Saudi funding of extremists 'F*** them all': Alec Baldwin defends Kathy Griffin in a series of tweets and insists 'no one believes you intended to threaten Trump' Trump faces furious backlash over his tweet condemning London Mayor just hours after London terror attack Harrowing dashcam footage reveals trail of devastation on London Bridge with victims laid strewn across the road as people ran for their lives  More than 100 Muslims gather outside Trump Tower to pray in protest against the president's immigration policies I saw three jihadis shot dead - bang, bang, bang: Dramatic pictures taken by eyewitness who was just yards away show moment eight police cut down terrorists in a hail of 50 bullets  'Stay with me, please, I love you': Bystanders rush to save the lives of injured pedestrians on London Bridge as one woman is heard begging her loved one to 'hold on' while paramedics give CPR  'Nothing stops a Canadian from mowing his lawn': Man does a spot of gardening while a TORNADO rages just yards away Former Michigan ME is NOT convinced Chris Cornell committed suicide and says the rocker's death 'could have been an accident' Cleaning up his act? Freshly shaven Tiger Woods is pictured for the first time since he was arrested for DUI while 'on four prescription pills' 'He's a soldier': Father-of-three stabbed FOUR times by Jihadis is pictured bloodied but unbowed in a hospital bed after doctors saved his life - as an angry friend calls on Sadiq Khan to resign over the London Bridge attack  Smash hit Wonder Woman makes $101.4MILLION over the weekend as it becomes highest-grossing film by a female director EVER ISIS celebrates deaths of seven killed in London Bridge attack with sick posts vowing more terror  Body of Manchester terror victim Eilidh MacLeod, 14, is repatriated to the Outer Hebrides ahead of the first funeral since the attack Chilling footage shows blood-soaked victims of London Bridge attack desperately hiding from terrorists in a Borough Market pub  PIERS MORGAN: Mrs May talks tough now but what did she do when she was in charge of the Home Office? She cut police numbers by 20,000. And now we’re paying the price in blood. MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
CHEK News, Weather, Sports, and TV. Victoria 14°C   Home News Local News Newscasts Live & Recent Newscasts CHEK Point Vital People This Week In History Your Country, Your Story News Personalities News Links Contact News Weather Sports Local Sports Game On! WHL Hockey Highlights Auto Sports LPGA Golf Videos Links Programs TV Schedule Live & Recent Newscasts Supernatural 60 Minutes 48 Hours Bones Wheel of Fortune Jeopardy Everybody Loves Raymond King of Queens Judge Judy Hot Bench Trend Cookin’ on the Coast The Wealthy Life CHEK Around Out There Da Vinci’s Inquest Game On! Flavours of the West Coast Community Sponsorship Vital People TC10K 2017 Island Farms Victoria Day Parade Contests Your Country, Your Story Beautiful Gardens Ticket to Go! About Us Our Story Press Releases Career Opportunities Personalities Mobile Marketing Advertise Video Production Corporate Video Commercials / Video production Events Contact Menu Home News Local News Newscasts Live & Recent Newscasts CHEK Point Vital People This Week In History Your Country, Your Story News Personalities News Links Contact News Weather Sports Local Sports Game On! WHL Hockey Highlights Auto Sports LPGA Golf Videos Links Programs TV Schedule Live & Recent Newscasts Supernatural 60 Minutes 48 Hours Bones Wheel of Fortune Jeopardy Everybody Loves Raymond King of Queens Judge Judy Hot Bench Trend Cookin’ on the Coast The Wealthy Life CHEK Around Out There Da Vinci’s Inquest Game On! Flavours of the West Coast Community Sponsorship Vital People TC10K 2017 Island Farms Victoria Day Parade Contests Your Country, Your Story Beautiful Gardens Ticket to Go! About Us Our Story Press Releases Career Opportunities Personalities Mobile Marketing Advertise Video Production Corporate Video Commercials / Video production Events Contact The Thursday news briefing: An at-a-glance survey of some top stories Posted By: The Canadian Presson: June 01, 2017In: National News Highlights from the news file for Thursday, June 1   U.S. WITHDRAWS FROM PARIS CLIMATE ACCORD: President Donald Trump has announced that the U.S. will withdraw from the Paris climate agreement, but will begin negotiations to "re-enter either the Paris accord or an entirely new transaction." Trump said during a White House Rose Garden announcement that the U.S. will exit the landmark climate agreement aimed at reducing carbon emissions to slow climate change. Trump says the deal "disadvantages" the U.S. and is causing job losses and lower wages. ——— CANADA ANNOUNCES COMPENSATION FOR SOFTWOOD PRODUCERS:  Natural Resources Minister Jim Carr and other members of cabinet have unveiled an $867-million package of supports to help lumber producers and employees weather the impact of new U.S. tariffs on Canadian softwood. The package announced Thursday includes loans and loan guarantees to help ease the burden for forestry companies and to help them explore new markets and innovations. In April, the Trump administration slapped countervailing import duties as high as 24 per cent on softwood, arguing Canada unfairly subsidizes its industry.   ——— FORMER ONTARIO NURSE PLEADS GUILTY TO MURDER: The former Ontario nurse charged in the slayings of eight seniors has pleaded guilty to eight counts of first-degree murder. Elizabeth Wettlaufer appeared in a Woodstock, Ont., court Thursday. Police have said the killeds took place over the last decade in three long-term care facilities where Wettlaufer worked as a registered nurse, and at a private home. Wettlaufer also pleaded guilty to four counts of attempted murder. ——— FORMER ENGINEER ACQUITTED OF CHARGES IN MALL COLLAPSE: A northern Ontario court has acquitted a former engineer of criminal negligence charges in the collapse of an Elliot Lake shopping mall. Robert Wood had declared the Algo Centre Mall structurally sound just weeks before the collapse in 2012. Two women were killed when part of the roof-top parking deck at the mall caved in. ——— COUILLARD SAYS TIME TO REOPEN CONSTITUTION: Quebec Premier Philippe Couillard says Canada's 150th birthday is the right time to reopen constitutional discussions. Couillard told The Canadian Press that while the issue took a backseat to the economy and health care for the first half of his mandate, he would have been disappointed had his first term finished without tackling the subject of Quebec-Canada relations. There is no timeline for opening constitutional negotiations, but Couillard is hopeful the vast coast-to-coast discussion he is launching will eventually lead there. ——— FIGHTER JET TALKS IN LIMBO: The federal government says it's not talking to other companies about replacement fighter jets in spite of its trade dispute with Boeing. The parliamentary secretary for Procurement Minister Judy Foote says the government has suspended talks with Boeing about plans to purchase Super Hornet fighter jets. But Steve MacKinnon says the government is not talking to other companies about supplying fighters. The government says it is disappointed that Boeing has petitioned the U.S. government to investigate subsidies for Bombardier's CSeries aircraft that it says have allowed the Canadian company to export planes at well below cost. ——— TAKEOVER SPECULATION FUELS BLACKBERRY STOCKS: BlackBerry Ltd. shares were on the rise Thursday after a research report identified the Canadian company as a likely target for an acquisition. The shares rose nearly 11 per cent on the Toronto Stock Exchange at one point in the wake of the report by Citron Research. It is predicting the company's shares are likely to reach US$20 on the Nasdaq within 24 months and is a likely buyout target at a sizable premium. ——— HOUSING STRATEGY TO CLOSE EQUALITY GAP: The head of the federal agency crafting a national housing strategy says he'll try to close the equality gap between the haves and have-nots. Evan Siddall of the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corp. says inequality threatens the very fabric of western society. The comments are a change of tone from Siddall, who months ago tried to temper high expectations that the strategy would meet hopes that a national plan would move people out of shelters and into homes and deal with concerns about affordability in the country’s biggest cities. ——— FORMER SECURITY OFFICIAL CALLS FOR BEEFED UP CYBER DEFENCE: The former head of the American National Security Agency says the U.S. and and Canada need a new cyberdefence program to prevent hackers from economic attacks. Retired Gen. Keith Alexander tells The Canadian Press that the potential benefits from the Liberal government's core economic plan to encourage investment and innovation are at risk of being stolen and undermined by hackers. He says with Canada staking its economic future on technological innovation, it mustn't allow the products and advancements that might come from that to simply be stolen. ——— PHILIPPINES HOTEL COMPLEX ATTACKED: An attack on a hotel and casino complex near Manila's airport sent hundreds fleeing early Friday morning. Gunshots rang out as police rushed to the Resorts World Manila complex. The Islamic State group took responsibility for the attack, but a police official says there is no evidence the casino attack is terrorism and no confirmed reports of gunshot wounds. Police believe just one gunman was involved. ——— The Canadian Press Previous No sanctions for 43 of 45 Home Capital brokers and agents, Ontario regulator says Next Saying I do without the debt Related Articles ‘Come From Away’ wins 3 Drama Desk Awards, including outstanding musical June 04, 2017 Ottawa vigilant as Canada 150 birthday party looms after London attack: mayor June 04, 2017 Military faces intensive archival search to pinpoint gay purge numbers June 04, 2017 CP Regional News B.C. legislature in ‘uncharted territory’ as it tussles with Speaker appointment June 04, 2017 Halifax author Kris Bertin wins $10,000 Danuta Gleed Literary Award June 03, 2017 Hundreds gather to mourn B.C. fire chief killed in flooding creek June 03, 2017 First Nation applauds B.C. Law Society for removing controversial statue June 03, 2017 B.C. judge bars woman from suggesting she provides pro dentistry for pets June 02, 2017 CBC Regional News ‘If I don’t get there, that girl maybe die,’ says Surrey dog attack rescuer June 04, 2017 Highway 3 closed in both directions west of Manning Park, B.C. June 04, 2017 ‘We used to laugh every day’: 20 years after leaving CBC, Vicki Gabereau still misses it June 04, 2017 Bald eagles spotted swimming in Belcarra, B.C. June 04, 2017 ‘He held her and watched her die in his arms’: London attack victim from Castlegar, B.C. June 04, 2017 Employing humour in the workplace: is it worth the risk? June 04, 2017 Vancouver Facial Hair Club brings out the beard in people June 04, 2017 Trio ‘lucky to be alive’ after boat capsizes near Sooke, B.C. June 04, 2017 Versatile and local: Fraser Valley gogi berries are ready for picking June 04, 2017 First Nations sisters say they felt left out by B.C. school system June 04, 2017 Canadian Press Curry, Durant lead Warriors to 2-0 lead with 132-113 rout June 04, 2017 ‘Come From Away’ wins 3 Drama Desk Awards, including outstanding musical June 04, 2017 4 nations cut diplomatic ties to Qatar as Gulf rift deepens June 04, 2017 Arena giant AEG pulls out of Seattle arena process June 04, 2017 NewsAlert: Trump denounces London terror attack June 04, 2017 CHEK Sports Game On! 06/04/2017 June 04, 2017 Victoria’s Gillian Carleton peddles to grand prix victory June 04, 2017 Dozzi breaks 42-year-old high school record in thrilling finish June 04, 2017 Small’s big night leads Shamrocks over Adanacs June 03, 2017 Highlanders shut out in 2nd straight game June 03, 2017 Trio of Islanders crack Rugby Canada’s Sr. Men’s roster June 03, 2017 Former soccer player takes serendipitous route into boxing glory June 02, 2017 Hundreds of young athletes compete in 55th annual Track City Championships June 02, 2017 Tyler Dozzi aims to break over 40-year-old provincial track record June 01, 2017 Rebels and Raiders reload for 2017 BCFC season June 01, 2017 Top Stories Canadian killed in London attack identified as woman from Castlegar, B.C. June 04, 2017 Victoria pharmacy finds fentanyl in more than half of MDMA, cocaine samples June 03, 2017 Drug danger warning as B.C. overdose deaths spike June 01, 2017 Parents pull kids from class of suspended Victoria teacher May 31, 2017 Program cut could hurt thousands of students in Greater Victoria, say teachers May 31, 2017 Exploring John Horgan and Andrew Weaver’s deep roots on Vancouver Island May 30, 2017 Parents outraged suspended Victoria teacher still in classroom May 30, 2017 NDP government could benefit Vancouver Island, local leaders say May 29, 2017 Father breaks silence about Victoria teacher who had inappropriate relationship with his son May 29, 2017 Deep Bay man chooses Right to Die and will pass on Tuesday May 28, 2017 2015 Copyright CHEK Media About Us Our Story Career Opportunities Press Releases Advertise Contests Ticket to Go! Links Personalities Shows TV Schedule Jeopardy Wheel of Fortune Cookin’ on the Coast Trend Judge Judy Hot Bench CHEK Around The Wealthy Life Video Production Video Production Commercials / Video production Corporate Video Studios, Green Screen Rentals Contact Us Get the App
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 80° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Showers and thunderstorms early. Tonight Heavy thunderstorms during the evening will give way to cloudy skies after midnight. Low 69F. Winds W at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 80%. Updated: June 4, 2017 @ 3:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close In this Tuesday, Sept. 23, 2014 photo released by the U.S. Navy, an F/A-18F Super Hornet, attached to the "Fighting Black Lions" of Strike Fighter Squadron (VFA) 213 lands aboard the aircraft carrier USS George H.W. Bush. Boeing builds the Super Hornet in St. Louis County. (AP Photo/U.S. Navy, Brian Stephens) Canada seeks tough line on Boeing Super Hornets but sends mixed message By Leah Schnurr • Reuters Jun 1, 2017 (…) In this Tuesday, Sept. 23, 2014 photo released by the U.S. Navy, an F/A-18F Super Hornet, attached to the "Fighting Black Lions" of Strike Fighter Squadron (VFA) 213 lands aboard the aircraft carrier USS George H.W. Bush. Boeing builds the Super Hornet in St. Louis County. (AP Photo/U.S. Navy, Brian Stephens) Updated at 2:35 p.m. OTTAWA • Canada, embroiled in a dispute with Boeing, tried to lash out at the U.S. aerospace giant for the second day in a row on Thursday but stumbled over whether talks over a proposed jet purchase had been suspended or not. The Liberal government, angry that Boeing has launched a trade challenge against Canadian plane maker Bombardier Inc., is threatening to scrap plans to buy 18 made-in-St. Louis F/A-18 Super Hornet fighters. Steven MacKinnon, parliamentary secretary to Public Services and Procurement Minister Judy Foote, told reporters that Boeing “is not acting like a valued partner right now so we’ve suspended discussions with that partner.” Minutes later, Foote spokeswoman Annie Trepanier said that while government ministers were not talking to the company, “there is no formal suspension.” Earlier in the day Boeing scrapped an announcement about the fighter jets, a day after Defense Minister Harjit Sajjan objected to the firm’s behavior in the dispute against Bombardier. The company had been due to announce which Canadian companies would benefit if the purchase went ahead. Boeing has 560 suppliers in Canada. “Due to the current climate, today is not the most opportune time to share this good news story,” Boeing spokesman Scott Day said in a statement issued at an Ottawa defense show. While he did not specifically refer to the trade dispute, his comments appeared to be a reference to growing tension between Ottawa and the firm. The Boeing saga has increased tension between Canada and the United States in the run-up to talks on renewing the North American Free Trade Agreement. See how much St. Louis CEOs were paid What's going up: Read the Building Blocks blog Who's hired? Check our People in Business How do they stack up? Compare pay of top St. Louis executives Last month, Canada said it “strongly disagrees” with the U.S. Commerce Department decision to investigate Boeing’s claims that Bombardier sold planes below cost in the United States and benefited unfairly from Canadian government subsidies. Even lower-level Canadian officials were not visiting the company’s stand at the Ottawa defense show, said one source familiar with the matter who did not want to be identified,given the sensitivity of the situation. Sajjan on Wednesday said the firm would be a trusted military ally in decades to come, but he complained the anti-dumping petition against Bombardier was “not the behavior we expect of a trusted partner.” Canada says it needs the Super Hornets as a stopgap until it can launch an open competition to replace its fleet of aging Boeing CF-18 planes. A Super Hornet deal would generate new in-service support contracts for industry in Canada’s aerospace hub of Quebec, where existing CF-18s are now maintained. In St. Louis, the sale was one of a couple of contracts expected to keep the F/A-18 production line operating into the early 2020s. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. In this Tuesday, Sept. 23, 2014 photo released by the U.S. Navy, an F/A-18F Super Hornet, attached to the "Fighting Black Lions" of Strike Fighter Squadron (VFA) 213 lands aboard the aircraft carrier USS George H.W. Bush. Boeing builds the Super Hornet in St. Louis County. (AP Photo/U.S. Navy, Brian Stephens) Tags Firm Commerce Economics Deal Canada View (…) comments Most popular Dogtown apartments, grocery store move ahead Study says investors could lose big if Trump administration deep-sixes 'fiduciary rule' St. Louis County home values show broad increases as North County stabilizes Taxi agency trims fees, loosens rules to help St. Louis cabs compete with Uber, Lyft More than dozen St. Louis area Chipotle restaurants affected by hacking incident Follow us Business columnists David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Latest in section Along for the Ride: County port agency helping Lambert lure European flights Eyes on Centene to fill void after Obamacare insurer bails on parts of Missouri St. Louis County home values show broad increases as North County stabilizes Exxon vote shows disappearing line between social and economic issues How to ruin your finances fast Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Get your Father something cool! Sign up for the 6th Annual Old Newsboys charity golf tournament today! Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Celebrations Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Cyber Weapon Market Overview, Analysis and Forecasts to 2022 ReportsWeb.com has announced the addition of the Global Cyber Weapon Market Research Report 2017 The report focuses on global major leading players with information such as company profiles, product picture and specification.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, June 01, 2017 ) Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD) , market share and growth rate of Cyber Weapon in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast) , covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD) , market share and growth rate of Cyber Weapon in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast) , covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Get free sample copy of report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001811098/sample Global Cyber Weapon market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including Boeing Company Lockheed Martin Corporation Cisco Systems McAfee General Dynamics Corporation BAE Systems plc Symantec Corporation Northrop Grumman Corporation Raytheon Company General Dynamics Corporation BAE System plc Avast Software AVG Technologies Get more information about Cyber Weapon Market at http://www.reportsweb.com/global-cyber-weapon-market-research-report-2017 On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Offensive Weapons Defensive Weapons On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales) , market share and growth rate of Cyber Weapon for each application, including National Defense System Air Traffic Control Hospital Automated Transportation System Industrial Control System Communication network Smart power grid Others Get discount on report purchase at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001811098/discount Table of Content 1 Cyber Weapon Market Overview 2 Global Cyber Weapon Market Competition by Manufacturers 3 Global Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2012-2017) 4 Global Cyber Weapon Supply (Production) , Consumption, Export, Import by Region (2012-2017) 5 Global Cyber Weapon Production, Revenue (Value) , Price Trend by Type 6 Global Cyber Weapon Market Analysis by Application 7 Global Cyber Weapon Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 Boeing Company 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Cyber Weapon Product Category, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Product A 7.1.2.2 Product B 7.1.3 Boeing Company Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 Lockheed Martin Corporation 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Cyber Weapon Product Category, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Product A 7.2.2.2 Product B 7.2.3 Lockheed Martin Corporation Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 Cisco Systems 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.3.2 Cyber Weapon Product Category, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Product A 7.3.2.2 Product B 7.3.3 Cisco Systems Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 8 Cyber Weapon Manufacturing Cost Analysis 9 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 10 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 11 Market Effect Factors Analysis 12 Global Cyber Weapon Market Forecast (2017-2022) 13 Research Findings and Conclusion Purchase complete report at http://www.reportsweb.com/buy&RW0001811098/buy/2900 Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +91-20-67278686 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Skip Navigation Jump to Main Main navigation and Meta Navigation To Home Meta Main Navigation Watch TV Content Search OpenAll Sections All SectionsClose Section Navigation Title Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary OpenAll Sections Now Reading Canada seeks tough line on Boeing jets but sends mixed message Toggle share menu Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail Jump to top Search OpenAll Sections Main Navigation Section Navigation Title Home Watch TV Compact Layout All Sections Close Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary Videos Catch-up TV TV Schedule Special Reports Singapore Parliament Weather PSI Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Play Store App Store Search Close Search Search Term Search Term Clear search input Search Canada seeks tough line on Boeing jets but sends mixed message close breaking news Advertisement Business Canada seeks tough line on Boeing jets but sends mixed message Boeing Co on Thursday scrapped an announcement about the fighter jets it hopes to sell to Canada, a day after the country's defense minister objected to the firm's behavior in a trade dispute against Canadian planemaker Bombardier Inc Boeing's logo is seen during Japan Aerospace 2016 air show in Tokyo, Japan, October 12, 2016. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon 3 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery. 01 Jun 2017 11:40PM (Updated: 02 Jun 2017 03:35AM) Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail OTTAWA: Canada, embroiled in a dispute with Boeing Corp, tried to hit out at the U.S. firm for the second day in a row on Thursday but stumbled over whether talks over a proposed jet purchase had been suspended or not. The Liberal government, angry that Boeing has launched a trade challenge against Canadian planemaker Bombardier Inc, is threatening to scrap plans to buy 18 Boeing Super Hornet fighters. Steven MacKinnon, parliamentary secretary to Public Services and Procurement Minister Judy Foote, told reporters that Boeing "is not acting like a valued partner right now so we've suspended discussions with that partner." Minutes later, Foote spokeswoman Annie Trepanier said that while government ministers were not talking to the company, "there is no formal suspension." Earlier in the day Boeing scrapped an announcement about the jets, a day after Defense Minister Harjit Sajjan objected to the firm's behavior in the dispute against Bombardier. Advertisement Advertisement The company had been due to announce which Canadian companies would benefit if the purchase went ahead. Boeing has 560 suppliers in Canada. "Due to the current climate, today is not the most opportune time to share this good news story," Boeing spokesman Scott Day said in a statement issued at an Ottawa defense show. While he did not specifically refer to the trade dispute, his comments appeared to be a reference to growing tensions between Ottawa and the firm. The Boeing saga has increased tensions between Canada and the United States in the run-up to talks on renewing the North American Free Trade Agreement. Last month, Canada said it "strongly disagrees" with the U.S. Commerce Department decision to investigate Boeing's claims that Bombardier sold planes below cost in the United States and benefited unfairly from Canadian government subsidies. Even lower-level Canadian officials were not visiting the company's stand at the Ottawa defense show, said one source familiar with the matter who did not want to be identified given the sensitivity of the situation. Sajjan on Wednesday said the firm would be a trusted military ally in decades to come, but he complained the anti-dumping petition against Bombardier was "not the behavior we expect of a trusted partner". Canada says it needs the Super Hornets as a stopgap until it can launch an open competition to replace its fleet of aging Boeing CF-18 planes. A Super Hornet deal would generate new in-service support contracts for industry in Canada's aerospace hub of Quebec, where existing CF-18s are now maintained. (Additional reporting by David Ljunggren in Ottawa; Editing by W Simon and Andrew Hay) Source: Reuters Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail More stories for you More information about Channel News Asia jump to top of page Sections Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary About Us About Channel NewsAsia Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Advertise with us Contact Sales Online Advertising TV Advertising Get the news that matters in your inbox every morning! Next try Plese enter your Email-address I consent to the use of my personal data by Mediacorp and the Mediacorp group of companies (collectively "Mediacorp") to send me marketing and advertising materials in relation to goods and services of Mediacorp and its business partners and for research and analysis SUBSCRIBE Follow our news Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Experience news with our apps Play Store App Store Copyright© Mediacorp 2017. Mediacorp Pte Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Boeing scraps Canada jet announcement after defense minister blast By Reuters Published: 11:34 EDT, 1 June 2017 | Updated: 11:34 EDT, 1 June 2017 e-mail By David Ljunggren OTTAWA, June 1 (Reuters) - Boeing Co on Thursday scrapped an announcement about the fighter jets it hopes to sell to Canada, a day after the country's defense minister objected to the firm's behavior in a trade dispute against Canadian planemaker Bombardier Inc "Due to the current climate, today is not the most opportune time to share this good news story," Boeing spokesman Scott Day said in a statement issued at an Ottawa defense show. While he did not specifically refer to the trade dispute, his comments appeared to be a reference to growing tensions between Ottawa and the U.S airplane manufacturer. Last month, Canada said it "strongly disagrees" with the U.S. Commerce Department decision to investigate Boeing's claims that Bombardier sold planes below cost in the United States and benefited unfairly from Canadian government subsidies. As a result, government ministers have cut off contacts with Boeing. The company had been due to announce at the show on Thursday which Canadian companies would benefit if the purchase went ahead. Boeing has 560 suppliers in Canada. Even lower-level Canadian officials were not visiting the company's stand at the defense industry exhibition, said one source familiar with the matter who didn't want to be identified given the sensitivity of the situation. Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan on Wednesday said the firm would be a trusted military ally in decades to come, but he complained the anti-dumping petition against Bombardier was "not the behavior we expect of a trusted partner". Canada says it needs the 18 Super Hornet jets as a stopgap until it can launch an open competition to replace its fleet of 77 aging Boeing CF-18 planes. A Super Hornet deal with Boeing would generate new in-service support contracts for industry in Canada's aerospace hub of Quebec, where existing CF-18s are now maintained. Montreal-based simulator manufacturer CAE Inc works with L-3 MAS, a Quebec-based division of L3 Technologies Inc , to provide in-service support for the CF-18s. Boeing has already said it would collaborate with L-3 MAS on production and support of the Super Hornets if Canada purchases the fighter jets. (Additional reporting by Allison Lampert in Montreal; Editing by W Simon) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry': Tearful Ariana Grande reveals inspirational message mother of bombing victim said to her during Manchester concert PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bradley Cooper is seen cradling his newborn daughter Lea De Seine during stroll with Irina Shayk in LA Proud parents Sugar and spice: Rhian Sugden puts on a busty display in a candy cane swimsuit on holiday in Turkey as she gets intimate with fiancé Oliver Mellor Little Mix are criticised for their 'naked' stage outfits at family-friendly One Love benefit concert Divided opinion with their racy costumes Ariana Grande sparks engagement confusion with a rock on her left hand... as she is supported by boyfriend Mac Miller onstage at One Love Manchester 'I misjudged you': Piers Morgan apologises to 'admirable' Ariana Grande and praises her 'cracking voice'... after criticising her for jetting home following attack 'That was painful': Anthea Turner's ex-husband Grant Bovey told her he 'might' have stayed if they had been able to conceive together... despite FIVE failed bouts of IVF Curves ahead! Courtney Stodden reveals her bountiful bosom as she shimmies in LBD during racy video She's an expert at posting sensual selfies  Penny Lancaster, 47, shows off her famous model figure in a thigh-skimming crochet dress as she soaks up the sun on a yacht in Cannes with Rod Stewart, 72 England ace Raheem Sterling arrives in Jamaica with the stunning model he whisked away 'while his girlfriend was left at home with their baby' Forget something? Bella Thorne wears most daring look yet as she flaunts chest by going BRALESS under sheer top while out in LA That'll get his attention Pregnant Charlotte Church shows off her mum-to-be figure in fishnets and knee-high boots as she hits the stage AGAIN in tiny pants Liam Gallagher makes surprise appearance at One Love concert in Manchester... but fans are left disappointed as brother Noel doesn't join for Oasis reunion 'Love conquers fear and love conquers hate': Katy Perry sends a poignant message as she dresses in angelic all-white at One Love Manchester concert Justin Bieber is brought to tears as emotional One Love Manchester gig cracks his tough exterior onstage Heart-wrenching 'I was out of control': Louise Thompson flaunts her fit figure... as she reveals she's quit drinking for 'zen' life after 'jumping from one relationship to the next' 'Grow up!': Kim Kardashian RIPS Caitlyn Jenner's new memoir... as Kourtney claims Bruce borrowed money from her in KUWTK teaser Khloe Kardashian jets out of LA as her basketball beau Tristan Thompson prepares for big game in Oakland Radiated glamour and celeb status 'Cut her legs off, she crawls right back to me': Tyga seemingly mocks ex Kylie Jenner in new single Playboy Something for the ex-girlfriend? 'I missed my family and friends': Michelle Keegan cuts her 30th birthday cake as she's spoiled by Our Girl cast... while Mark Wright parties in Magaluf  What a pair! Kendall Jenner and Hailey Baldwin show off their trim figures in leggings in NYC Kendall, 21, went casual, Hailey smart Coldplay's Chris Martin is brought to his knees in emotionally-charged duet of Don't Look Back In Anger with Ariana Grande at Manchester gig Braless pop star Miley Cyrus praises 'role model' Ariana Grande as she puts on a leggy performance at inspiring One Love fundraiser Joined Pharrell onstage Robbie Williams finally reunites with Take That onstage - but NOT for a song - as both acts take the stage at Ariana Grande's One Love Manchester gig Will.i.am insists he MEANT to say hello to London at One Love gig as he hits back after awkwardly mistaking Manchester for the capital twice 'As a father, this has made me truly sad': Family man David Beckham pays tribute to his 'home' Manchester as he sends video to One Love gig Fergie spends family time in LA as Black Eyed Peas rock One Love Manchester without her The group took the stage to wow the crowd Keeping the faith! Selena Gomez keeps it casual in a hoodie and cropped jeans as she attends trendy Hillsong Church NYC Put romance aside Bella Hadid slips her impressively slim figure into racy cut-out swimsuit as she smoulders in another high profile sports campaign Hollywood's most eligible single! Jennifer Garner looks lovely as she takes baked goods to church... after it's claimed Affleck is already 'dating' The First couples Ivanka and Jared and Donald and Melania turn heads in their black-tie attire as they head to the Ford's Theatre Gala hand-in-hand with Jared Putting in the work! Hot and sweaty Kaley Cuoco is red-faced as she leaves LA gym after Sunday workout session Snapped leaving a fitness facility  'Happy Sunday everybody!!' Jennifer Lopez shares Instagram snap with Alex Rodriguez and children in pool Happy families Sophie Ellis-Sex-tor! Hitmaker dresses in uncharacteristically racy negligee to perform at Mighty Hoopla festival Murder On The Dancefloor singer Making them green with envy! Cynthia Nixon, 51, cuts a chic figure in lime frock at Drama Desk Awards She wore a green and grey frock 'I'm not afraid': Ashley James heads to Might Hoopla festival in rock-chic attire... as she shares her defiance against London attack Bold display Louisa Johnson flashes her toned midriff in sporty cropped tee and TINY denim hotpants as she parties the day away at the Mighty Hoopla festival  Bra-vo: Fleur East steals show at London festival in very revealing red fishnet blouse and tartan kilt ensemble Former X Factor runner-up Holding on to her man! Makeup-free Milla Jovovich is chic in big glasses as she giggles with husband Paul W.S. Anderson Cute twosome Showing her stripes (and abs): Single Olivia Munn flaunts her impressive stomach in crop top at LAX Strutted into Los Angeles International Airport  Dirty girl! Emily Ratajkowski allows a female friend to put mud on her bare bottom during trip to hot springs while enjoying Italian vacation 'I've been crying so much today': Pregnant Erin McNaught reveals her 'overwhelming deep sadness' after the London terror attacks Overwhelming sadness Spencer Matthews enjoys a laidback weekend with friends... while his bikini-clad girlfriend Vogue Williams lives it up in Marbella Time apart Coronation Street's Brooke Vincent indulges in a cigarette and a glass of rosé as she celebrates her 25th birthday with a knees-up in Manchester Genetically blessed family! Fergie rocks all-black outfit as she and Josh Duhamel take son Axl, three, to church Out for a family day as a threesome Leggy Laura Whitmore looks festival-ready in a plunging blouse and tiny shorts at Mighty Hoopla event Dared to show off more skin Britain's got talent, but there wasn't much in the BGT final: Claudia Connell reviews last weekend's TV  Summed up Saturday night's lacklustre viewing 'First official pool day!': Katherine Heigl matches her swimsuit to her lawn umbrella as she enjoys a relaxing Sunday with husband Josh What happened to her lips? Khloe Kardashian shows off a massive pout as she stuns in Snapchat image taken in her car Plump pout Underwear-free Lindsay Lohan dazzles in a thigh-skimming gold dress as she celebrates socialite BFF Hofit Golan's birthday Commanding attention Back to the family! Scott Disick enjoys Calabasas outing with Mason and Penelope... after partying with bikini babes in Europe Reunited Dean Gaffney's, 39, girlfriend Rebekah Ward, 23, goes braless in a summer top as they head home from British Soap Awards after he teases his soap return Hoping to join her? Hailey Baldwin flaunts toned tum in an Adidas sports bra... days after gal pal Kendall Jenner is named brand ambassador 'Barn life': Kristin Cavallari slips into her Daisy Dukes as she takes her family to feed chickens in the country Three kids Camden Jaxon and Saylor She has a sizzling Ora! Rita sends the temperature soaring as she flaunts her cleavage and toned waist in skimpy bikinis for VERY saucy beachwear shoot That's a stretch! Bethenny Frankel, 46, bends over backwards while showing off fit bod in new yoga photo Real Housewives Of New York City star   Is that you, Seal? Sonia Kruger shares incredible flashback snap of the singer with dreadlocks before he shaved his head in 1994 Who's that guy? They made a pretty girl! Daughter of Eddie Murphy and Nicole looks stunning in white as she hits Women Of Excellence Awards Gala in LA 'I had so much anxiety': Kim Zolciak reveals coping with son's ferocious dog attack got to her as she takes her family on bikini vacation Pippa Middleton and James Matthews return to civilisation after three days spotting crocodiles and kangaroos at a 'luxury wild bush' resort on whirlwind honeymoon The one lesson I've learned from life: Singer Corinne Bailey Rae on why we should all help others more Grammy award-winning British singer Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy 'will watch her mother give birth to twins so she doesn't feel left out' Want their five-year-old daughter Blue Ivy there SPOILER ALERT: Jack Branning breaks down as he prepares to give up stepson Matthew to Charlie Cotton as EastEnders tease sad farewell Cleaning up his act? Freshly shaven Tiger Woods is pictured for the first time since he was arrested for DUI while 'on four prescription pills' Rugby WAG Camilla Kerslake shows off her svelte figure in a pink and cream striped jumpsuit as she joins glamorous guests at restaurant event Back to school! Katie Holmes says she's 'excited' about having enrolled in Harvard University's Business Of Entertainment program Off-duty Lily Donaldson puts her feet up as she enjoys cocktails with a mystery male companion in Portofino A low key outing A hair-raising look! Gwen Stefani steps out in bizarre cropped trench coat with tulle finish for church trip with her kids Family time Hilar-ious: Hilary Duff rocks geek chic glasses while having a laugh with a friend after brunch in New York City The 29-year-old strolled with a friend Kendall Jenner reveals a little TOO much as she goes braless in a semi-sheer corset dress while strolling through New York Attention-grabbing Legs out for The Weeknd! Selena Gomez oozes sex appeal in two clingy thigh-skimming dresses as she enjoys night out in New York Third time's a charm? Dragon's Den star Duncan Bannatyne, 68, marries fiancee Nigora Whitehorn, 38, at intimate beach ceremony in Portugal Bonding time! Ashley Benson and Shay Mitchell match in black as they enjoy girls' night out with Pretty Little Liars creator while leaving a restaurant Keeping it brief! Leggy Kendall Jenner accidentally flashes her UNDERWEAR in leafy green mini-dress at star-studded Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic Siren... with a heart! Ariel Winter models white tank top as she speaks out against testing on animals She takes time out for causes she believes in 'Take a picture while we joking': Jay Z caught faking candid photo with Kevin Hart... but comedian insists 'it came out dope as hell' Staging a photo Yellow fever! Rhian Sugden puts on an eye-popping display in a tiny canary bikini in Turkey... and jokingly poses in belly dancing outfit with fiancé Oliver Mellor The morning after the night before: Make-up free Coronation Street star Lucy Fallon looks sheepish after looking worse for wear at British Soap Awards afterparty Spanish fashion designer David Delfin dies at age 46 after battle with cancer Delfin 'was one of the most charismatic designers in Spain' The graduate! Eva Longoria receives honorary degree from Knox College... then treats herself to a Dairy Queen dessert Honorary degree They could be sisters! Reese Witherspoon glows in floral dress as she poses next to 'best friend forever' Shannon Rotenberg Bright and beautiful  Ariana Grande's brother Frankie meets fans as he arrives at Old Trafford cricket ground ahead of the star-studded benefit concert in aid of Manchester terror attack victims Love is blind! Single KUWTK star Jonathan Cheban wears statement shirt in Beverly Hills after splitting from Anat Popovsky last year Mommy and me! Minnie Driver goes makeup-free with stylish hat as she takes her son Henry shopping in Malibu Family outing New father Shayne Ward goes arm-in-arm with girlfriend Sophie Austin at British Soap Awards five months after birth of their baby New parents Jacqueline Jossa and Dan Osborne are glued to their phones inside British Soap Awards... but Catherine Tyldesley and Faye Brookes can't stop gossiping 'It's been a heartbreaking time': Coronation Street actress Catherine Tyldesley pays tribute to the Manchester bombing victims with symbolic bee clutch bag Love Island's Olivia Buckland threatens to spill out of her skimpy bikini top... as she packs on the PDA with fiancé Alex Bowen during getaway to Cape Verde Not her usual style! Nicole Kidman wears a mustard yellow sports jersey as she watches a hockey match with husband Keith Urban PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Welcome to my world! Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn enjoy their morning coffee as she takes him home to Nashville 'Missing my pink hair!': Kylie Jenner shares flashback photo with a snake... after sister Kendall possibly outed the teen as a smoker Raheem Sterling, 22, 'jetted off to Jamaica with model, 23, a day after taking teenage PC World worker back to his hotel after shisha bar date' Absolutely quacked! Guy Ritchie and Tom Hardy 'storm out of Chinese restaurant after they're denied Peking Duck dish'  Restaurant row Still going strong! Balthazar Getty poses with wife Rosetta and kids at Chrysalis Ball... as it's been nearly 10 years since Sienna Miller affair Happy anniversary! Lindsay Price and Curtis Stone beam at Chrysalis Ball as they prepare to celebrate four years of marriage Tied the knot in 2013 Eric Dane makes first public appearance after break to cope with depression as he joins wife Rebecca Gayheart and kids at Chrysalis Ball His biggest fan! Gavin Rossdale, 51, is supported by stunning new love interest Sophie Thomalla, 27, as he rocks out on stage in Las Vegas 'She has no idea how anyone got hold of them': Corrie's Kym Marsh 'upset and shocked after intimate photos were leaked online ahead of British Soap Awards triumph' 'We have spoken about it': Liam Payne, 23, reveals he and girlfriend Cheryl, 33, plan to expand family... as he admits fatherhood has 'changed' him Bust have been a good night! Scott Disick cuddles up to a topless beauty as he enjoys a raucous evening with woman number NINE during trip to London Catherine Tyldesley leads eye-popping style in sizzling slinky floor-length gown alongside Nikki Sanderson and Stephanie Waring at the British Soap Awards Pianist Tokio Myers is crowned the winner of BGT after being inspired to enter by 'big sister' Amy Winehouse... as he beats child magician Issy Simpson in final 'Deeply uncomfortable viewing': BGT viewers are outraged by child comic Ned Woodman, 9, as he savages the judges and stars in action-packed final  'Is she getting married?' BGT's Amanda Holden shocks viewers AGAIN with bridal inspired gown as Alesha Dixon puts on a VERY leggy display 'The money has gone to her head': Pirates of the Caribbean star Kaya Scodelario 'REFUSES to pay for sick grandmother in Brazil' Looking bow-tiful: Ashley James puts on a leggy display in a monochrome mini dress at the British Soap Awards after party Braless Lottie Moss shows off her model figure in a plunging floral knotted crop top and matching shorts as she lunches with her mother in Chelsea Geordie Shore star Marnie Simpson flashes her legs in a colourful minidress as she continues her book signing tour in Sheffield 'F*** them all': Alec Baldwin defends Kathy Griffin in a series of tweets and insists 'no one believes you intended to threaten Trump' 'Internet shopping like a self-pity fiend': Lena Dunham reveals how she's coping after endometriosis treatment as she's spotted in PAJAMAS Make-up free Chloe Khan shows off her plump pout as she strips off to flaunt her pert derriere during chilled out beach day in Barbados 'It's been incredible fun!' Thomas Cocquerel discusses playing the 'incredibly complex' Hollywood star Errol Flynn in new biopic Nothing but praise 'Today was a good day': Former Bachelorette Trista Sutter posts loved-up snap with husband Ryan after suffering a scary seizure in Croatia Looking good in her Blue Jeans! Lana Del Rey cuts a casual cool figure in black polo with skinny trousers while out in LA Emmerdale sweeps the board at the British Soap Awards 2017 with SIX gongs including Best Soap as EastEnders go home virtually empty handed 'I'm going home to my family': Katie Price looks shaken as she is escorted out of G-A-Y nightclub after cancelling performance in wake of London terror attack 'I don't give two ****s!' Defiant Tina Malone, 54, confirms surrogacy plans after revealing ambitions for third child... and she will CHOOSE the sex of baby Coronation star Lucy Fallon appears worse for wear following the British Soap Awards afterparty after losing out on Best Actress gong  Cher joins mourners as 'Ramblin Man' Greg Allman is laid to rest in the same cemetery he used to write songs 'She was standing there and I fell in love with her': Willie Aames reveals the incredible story of meeting his pen friend of 30 YEARS, Winnie Hung, who became his wife Richard Branson pays for hen party who were chucked off a flight because they were wearing 'B****es on tour' T-shirts to go on 'dream holiday' to Las Vegas David and Victoria Beckham are 'ripping out' their £5 million country estate... because 'the roof colours don't match' Princess Charlene exudes glamour in scarlet lipstick as she turns out to support Lycra-clad husband Prince Albert for water bike challenge in Nice Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk leave the baby at home for a low-key date night in Santa Monica Issy Simpson, eight, scolds Ant McPartlin after he gets the magician's name wrong during Britain's Got Talent final 'My marriage was a Greek tragedy': Prince Charles's astonishing hand-written letters to Nancy Reagan reveal his anguish over his split from Diana  Prince Harry tucks into a traditional iftar feast of porridge and dates with young Singaporeans to celebrate the breaking of the fast during Ramadan Girl done good! Natalie Portman 'snaps up $6.5million four bedroom Santa Barbara mansion with 10.4 acres of land and stunning views of the Pacific' Lionel Richie's bassist Ethan Farmer 'hospitalised after he repeatedly stabbed himself following a horrific reaction to marijuana-filled snacks' Giggly Keri Russell glows in a summery peplum skirt and white top as she attends Polo event with long-term partner Matthew Rhys Heavily pregnant Chelsee Healey cradles her baby bump in clingy scarlet jumpsuit as she rocks the red carpet at the British Soap Awards 2017 Sealed with a kiss! Strictly champ Ore Oduba and his wife Portia pack on PDA as they can't keep their hands off each other at the British Soap Awards  Something getting you down? Eastenders actress Jacqueline Jossa looks stony-faced at the British Soap Awards afterparty with fiancé Dan Osborne Chained to the rhythm! Katy Perry will perform at The Voice Australia grand final as she returns Down Under for Witness concert tour Live shows have begun GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Pippa's new husband breaks with posh tradition by donning a wedding ring Unlike other high-society husbands Amy Childs shows off her slender post-baby body in chic blouse and skinny jeans as she cradles newborn baby Polly on morning stroll New mum 'Men and religion are worthless': Bette Midler speaks out as stars from Ariana Grande to Khloe Kardashian support London terror attack victims 'You just proved how powerful music is': Alesha Dixon bursts into tears as the Missing People Choir leave the judges overwhelmed in Britain's Got Talent final Girls' vacation! Kourtney Kardashian opens up her photo album as she shares flashback snaps from roadtrip with Kim and Khloe 'That's the fun part!' Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles buys her grandchildren 'drum sets'... to 'get my kids back' Tearful Kym Marsh dedicates her Best Female Dramatic Performance win at the British Soap Awards 2017 to her late son Archie  'This one's for you, angel': Zoe Ball returns to Radio 2 for the first time since her lover was found dead by dedicating to him the song Do I Love You (Indeed I Do) 'You're in with a shot tonight': Simon Cowell praises MerseyGirls as they wow at BGT final... and confirms he'll fund £78,000 life-changing spine surgery for teen dancer Julia Carlile Khloe Kardashian's Good American fashion line hits back at accusations from independent designer that reality star copied her work Stunning in Soho! Selena Gomez shows off her toned stomach in a crop top and high-waisted jeans as she spends the day with friends Who is Ruairi Luke? Meet the busty Australian model who was spotted partying TOPLESS with Scott Disick and another man on a London balcony in the early hours  Stunning in silver! Halle Berry, 50, wows in sequined dress with matching jacket for the Chrysalis Butterfly Ball The diet worked! Molly Sims flaunts her svelte frame on date night after ten-week bikini after baby plan Just do it! Bella Hadid embraces a sporty look as she flaunts her midriff in Nike sports bra with coordinating bottoms Top of the crops Busted! Kendall Jenner shares photo of sister Kylie holding a cigarette while bragging about photography skills The 21-year-old stunner is enjoying life GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Lady Mary partied so hard at Noel Gallagher's epic 50th birthday party she has been bedridden ever since It was a two-day rave Who IS the murderer on the Orient Express? The line-up of suspects from the new eagerly anticipated film based on Agatha Christie's novel Coronation Street's Lucy Fallon dazzles in a plunging peach gown at Soap Awards... after leaving Corrie viewers 'heartbroken' with grooming storyline 'Brunettes have fun too!' Paris Hilton ditches her blonde locks for a brown wig as she plays dress up on Snapchat She switched up her game 'No hair, no makeup, no nothing': Jennifer Lopez, 47, looks half her age in bare-faced glimpse at her pre-show ritual Natural Shop til you drop! Sofia Vergara looks effortlessly elegant in slim floral pants as she hits the shops in Beverly Hills Broadway star Laura Bell Bundy marries longtime love Thom Hinkle in country themed nuptials at horse track Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about PCWorld's Digital Editions    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Business Laptops Tablets Phones Hardware Security Software Gadgets Subscribe Resources PCs Phones Printers Ultrabooks Blogs Viruses Cameras Components Computer Accessories Consumer Advice Displays E-readers Flash Drives Graphics Cards Hard Drives Home Theater Input Devices Keyboards Laptop Accessories Mobile Networking Operating Systems Optical Drives Processors Servers Smartwatches Streaming Services Storage Tablets Windows Home Internet News All-electric satellites are ushering in zippier in-flight internet access Pushing satellites around using electrical, rather than chemical, thrusters saves weight, leaving room aboard for more powerful communications systems Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Peter Sayer IDG News Service - Paris bureau chief, IDG News Service | Jun 1, 2017 6:48 AM PT Credit: ESA - CNES - Arianespace / Photo Optique Video CSG More like this I tested Gogo’s in-flight Wi-Fi of the future and said goodbye to Netflix... Cisco's New-market Ambitions Extend Into Orbit Gogo buys more satellite capacity after lawsuit over slow in-flight Wi-Fi Video Witcher 3 on a MacBook Air? Yep, with Nvidia GeForce Now All-electric satellites are changing the way airline passengers access the internet. Like a Tesla in space, an all-electric satellite uses electric propulsion to climb from transfer orbit to geostationary orbit and to maintain its position on station, instead of the chemical rockets used by traditional satellites. Such satellites still need a traditional launcher burning solid or liquid fuel for the brute-force task of getting them into space, but the delicate work of positioning the satellite is done electrically. Without the need to carry vast quantities of chemical fuel, all-electric satellites can be up to 40 percent lighter at launch. That gives their operators the option of using a smaller, cheaper launch vehicle -- or of tacking on extra communications equipment to deliver more power or operate in more frequency bands. Whatever option the operator chooses, airline passengers jonesing for in-flight internet access benefit, as the service can be cheaper, faster, or available in more places. Boeing has been building all-electric satellites for a couple of years, but now a European company, Airbus Defense and Space, is getting in on the game. The first Airbus-built all-electric satellite, Eutelsat 172B, is scheduled for launch late on June 1. It will take off from Kourou in French Guiana aboard an Ariane 5 launch vehicle. The same launcher will also carry ViaSat 2, a conventionally powered broadband communications satellite built by Boeing. Once lofted into its transfer orbit by the Ariane 5, Eutelsat 172B will turn on its electric motors and start the slow climb to geostationary orbit over Asia. ViaSat 2, meanwhile, will light up its rockets for a somewhat faster journey to an orbital slot over the Americas. While Eutelsat 172B carries no combustible fuel, it does still carry some expendable reaction mass -- something to sling out the back in order to push itself forward through the vacuum of space. It will use xenon gas, splitting it into positive and negative ions and accelerating these to high speeds using an electric field. The use of xenon ion propulsion systems (XIPS, pronounced "zips") to move a satellite up into geostationary orbit is relatively new. Most still use chemical thrusters ejecting burning gases for that task, although there are plenty of satellites using XIPS to remain on station. The electric propulsion system draws its power from the satellite's solar panels but, even if the satellite still has power, once its xenon reaction mass is used up it will slowly drift off station and it will be time to launch a replacement. So what does all this mean for airline passengers? Lots more internet capacity, for one thing. One of the three communications packages Eutelsat 172B will carry is the high-throughput service that will be operated by Panasonic Avionics. That company will its 11 spot beams with a capacity of 1.8Gbps to deliver in-flight entertainment and connectivity to commercial airlines across the Pacific Ocean. The satellite's manufacturer, Airbus, is also building other all-electric satellites that will be able to carry even bigger communications packages, promising still more bandwidth to come. To comment on this article and other PCWorld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: Internet Mobile Peter Sayer covers European public policy, artificial intelligence, the blockchain, and other technology breaking news for the IDG News Service. Follow You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon PCWorld PCWorld helps you navigate the PC ecosystem to find the products you want and the advice you need to get the job done. About Us Contact Us Digital Edition Customer Service Gift Subscription Ad Choices Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships PCWorld CATEGORIES Business Laptops Mobile PC Hardware Printers Security Software Videos Windows IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG Permissions IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld TechHive Get PCWorld's Digital Editions Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
Executive Mosaic POC Executive Biz GovCon Executive Executive Gov GovConExec GovConIndex GovConVideo GovCon Wire Your Direct Source for Government Contracting News Home Contract Awards Executive Moves Financial Report M&A Activity Press Releases Weekly Roundup Advertise About GovConIndex Home / Contract Awards / Boeing to Update F/A-18, EA-18G Ancillary Hardware, Software Under $86M Navy Award Boeing to Update F/A-18, EA-18G Ancillary Hardware, Software Under $86M Navy Award Scott Nicholas June 1, 2017 Contract Awards, News 64 Views Boeing (NYSE: BA) has received an $86.3 million contract modification to perform ancillary hardware and software upgrades to the F/A-18 and EA-18G aircraft of the U.S. Navy and six international government customers. The modification includes foreign military sales to Australia, Canada, Finland, Kuwait, Malaysia and Switzerland, the Defense Department said Wednesday. DoD added the Naval Air Warfare Center will obligate funds upon the issuance of task orders. Boeing will perform work under the modification in California and Missouri through December 2018. The Navy also awarded an $89.2 million modification to Boeing on May 5 to maintain, sustain and support the service branch’s F/A-18 and EA-18G fleets. Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Tags ba Boeing Defense Department DOD EA-18G F/A-18 featured FMS foreign military sales govcon Naval Air Warfare Center Navy software Related Articles June 5 Morning Report: Friday Close – GovCon Index and Indices Weekly Performance Positive June 5, 2017 June 2 Market Close: GovCon Index Up as S&P 500, DJIA, and NASDAQ Reach New Highs Again June 2, 2017 138,000 Jobs Added in May; Unemployment Dips Slightly to 4.3 Percent June 2, 2017 Check Also Former Senator Kelly Ayotte Named BAE Systems Inc. Board Member; Michael Chertoff Comments Kelly Ayotte, former senator for New Hampshire and chairperson of the Senate Armed Services Committee’s readiness … Navy Debuts Drone-Based Mine Detection Researchers at the Naval Surface Warfare Center (NSWC) are using drones to detect submerged and … Archives Archives Select Month June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 Recent Popular Comments Tags June 5 Morning Report: Friday Close – GovCon Index and Indices Weekly Performance Positive June 5, 2017 June 2 Market Close: GovCon Index Up as S&P 500, DJIA, and NASDAQ Reach New Highs Again June 2, 2017 Intel’s Melvin Greer Named BDPA Lifetime Achievement Award Recipient June 2, 2017 Harris to Supply Sonobuoy Launchers for Boeing-Built Navy Poseidon Aircraft June 2, 2017 GovCon Wire’s Weekly Roundup: Opportunities in the Unmanned Systems Marketplace June 2, 2017 Vectrus Lands $212M Army Contract Modification for Comms & Info Systems Support May 30, 2017 1,122 DHS Cancels $1.5B Contract for Agile Development Services June 1, 2017 497 Tableau Software’s Sean Brophy: Agencies Should Advance Citizen Engagement Through Data Access May 30, 2017 482 Level 3’s Jeff Storey to Succeed Glen Post as CenturyLink CEO in 2019 June 2, 2017 409 Julie Bowen Promoted to Mitre SVP; Jason Providakes Comments May 30, 2017 268 Jose: I believe Gregory Reyes is the right person for the job. he's got 28 years of pr... Fred Sullivan: Some Russian said that "Quantity has a quality of it's own." He was referring to... Michael Deal: A hundred fighter/attack aircraft to defend a continent and the adjoining sea la... Ravi Sharma: It is news of great pleasure ICF get hold of Digital IT Consulting Firm CITYTECH... Michael Deal: The acquisition and possible integration of a foreign subsidiary that uses cloud... govcon featured Executive Mosaic ExecutiveBiz Lockheed Martin Defense Department Contract Awards business news Financial News Northrop Grumman government contracting Raytheon Contract Award Boeing Executive moves DOD General Dynamics GovCon Index nyse news financial report SAIC U.S. Air Force U.S. Navy BAE Systems Navy Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor About GovConWire The premier source of breaking business news for the government contracting industry, GovCon Wire provides informative, to-the-point stories of the most significant contract awards, top-level executive moves, M&A activities and financial results of the sector’s most notable players. GovCon Wire is always on top of the most recent contracting sector activity and is updated in real time as the news breaks. ExecutiveBiz CSRA Pursues NES Acquisition as CFO David Keffer Previews FY 2018 Growth Strategy Mitre General Counsel, Corporate Secretary Julie Bowen Takes SVP Role Parsons to Provide Construction, Program Mgmt Support to NNSA; Carey Smith Comments DXC to Provide PIV Services, USAccess Support Under $150M GSA Deal; Marilyn Crouther Comments CACI Hires Former Lockheed, BAE Exec as President of US Operations; Ken Asbury Comments CACI Unveils Expanded COO Role for John Mengucci; Ken Asbury Comments @Follow Me Don't miss the @DeptofDefense @JHUAPL @USNavy @usairforce @GeneralAtomics @DARPA at the Unmanned Systems Forum 6/6… https://t.co/jayqaGLeiz12 hours ago Don't miss the @DeptofDefense @JHUAPL @USNavy @usairforce @GeneralAtomics @DARPA at the Unmanned Systems Forum 6/6… https://t.co/EweGIgRFcO2017/06/03 Don't miss the @DeptofDefense @JHUAPL @USNavy @usairforce @DARPA @GeneralAtomics at the Unmanned Systems Forum 6/6!… https://t.co/YlvjJw3iS72017/06/03 Part of Executive Mosaic Network © Copyright 2017, All Rights Reserved Subscribe to our Newsletter I will subscribe laterSubscribe Now
Top News U.S. News World News Voices Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News Defense Energy Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive The Almanac Search Home / Defense News Harris producing sonobuoy launch equipment for Boeing By Richard Tomkins   |   June 1, 2017 at 7:13 AM Follow @upi Comments June 1 (UPI) -- Harris Corporation is supplying Boeing with sonobuoy launching equipment for use by P-8A anti-submarine aircraft. The Poseidons -- 49 in all -- are to be flown by the U.S. Navy in addition to the military forces of Australia and Britain, Harri Corporation said. "The P-8A will be at the center of the U.S. and its allies' anti-submarine and anti-surface warfare missions for the foreseeable future," said Ed Zoiss, president of Harris Electronic Systems. "Harris technology dramatically improves on existing sonobuoy launching capabilities, helping to enable this important mission." Harris said it will supply single-shot and rotary launchers capable of deploying up to 10 sonobuoys. Other specifics about the lightweight, pneumatic launchers and the monetary value of the contract were not disclosed. Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram for more news from UPI.com Related UPI Stories French deliver armored vehicles to Lebanon General Dynamics receives Navy training contract HH-60W Combat Rescue Helicopter passes design review Raytheon contracted for testing of joint standoff weapon Comments Recommended Sparton Corporation, Ultra Electronics to produce sonobuoys Next Article French deliver armored vehicles to Lebanon Latest Headlines BAE Systems, Helios to collaborate on liquid armor 2 days ago ago June 2 (UPI) -- BAE Systems and Helios Global Technologies have signed an agreement under a Memorandum of Understanding to develop liquid-armor for ground troops. European Reassurance Initiative requests billion-dollar budget increase 2 days ago ago June 2 (UPI) -- The budget request for the Department of Defense's European Reassurance Initiative has been increased by $1.4 billion to $4.8 billion. Lockheed awarded contract for extended range air-to-surface missiles 2 days ago ago June 2 (UPI) -- Lockheed Martin has received a $413.8 million contract for Lot 15 Joint Air-to-Surface Standoff Missiles -- Extended Range, or JASSM-ER. Sweden testing handheld EOD sensor units 2 days ago ago June 2 (UPI) -- Handheld mine detection units are undergoing Swedish military tests. KC-46A tanker receives electronic testing 3 days ago ago June 1 (UPI) -- The KC-46A Pegasus aerial tanker is undergoing testing at Benfield Anechoic Facility to ensure it meets FAA regulations and certifications requirements. Trending Stories Dueling Sunday rallies planned in Portland in wake of double murder Former Notre Dame QB Malik Zaire picks Florida in transfer Brooklyn cop in critical condition after car drags 2 1/2 blocks Canadian man calmly mows lawn with tornado behind him Police: Papa John's workers delivered cocaine in pizza boxes PHOTOS President Trump visits the Middle East Michael Bay honored at Hollywood handprint ceremony Stars showcase their films at the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival Hugh Jackman attends the 'Logan' premiere in Tokyo On the red carpet at the 2017 Billboard Music Awards in Las Vegas Cloud Computing wins the Preakness Explore UPI Top News Entertainment News Odd News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy News Defense News UPI Archives UPI Espanol United Press International United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. Stay up to Date Login Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback Copyright © 2017 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #BSTech #GST #BSSpecial News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » PTI Stories » National » News Malaysia Airlines jet turns back after bomb scare Japan launches satellite for high-precision positioning system Business Standard Canada's defense minister threatens Boeing deal in speech AP  |  Toronto  June 1, 2017 Last Updated at 07:57 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UWOsTD ALSO READ Canada to ban asbestos by 2018 Canada backs US airstrikes in Syria: Trudeau Canada announces sanctions against key Syrian officials Canada introduces legislation to legalise marijuana Canada reaches carbon agreement with provinces Canada's defense minister repeated a threat to cancel the purchase of 18 fighter jets from Boeing Co because of the company's trade complaint against Canadian plane maker Bombardier. Defense Minister Harjit Sajjan said Boeing's action against Bombardier is "unfounded" and not the behavior of a "trusted partner." He said yesterday buying the Super Hornet fighter jets "requires a trusted industry partner." Sajjan urged Boeing to withdraw the complaint in a speech. Canada's foreign minister has also threatened to block the order. "Our government - and I stress this - our government is disappointed in the action of one of our leading industry partners," he said. Chicago-based Boeing's trade complaint prompted a US Commerce Department anti-dumping investigation that could result in duties being imposed on Bombardier's new larger CSeries passenger aircraft. Boeing insists the plane receives Canadian government subsidies that give it an advantage internationally. Canada's threat is coming amid increasing trade disputes with the US Scott Day, a spokesman for Boeing, defended the company's trade action, suggesting it should not be linked to its military relationship with Canada. "It's more of a commercial issue with regard to the Bombardier case," he said. "We're going to continue working with the US Navy, providing information on the Super Hornet that will be provided to the government of Canada." Boeing petitioned the US Commerce Department and the US International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies of Montreal-based Bombardier's CSeries aircraft. Boeing says Bombardier has received more than USD 3 billion in government subsidies that let it engage in "predatory pricing." Brazil has also launched a formal complaint to the World Trade Organization over Canadian subsidies to Bombardier. Sao Paolo-based Embraer is a fierce rival of Bombardier's. The Quebec government invested US$1 billion in exchange for a 49.5 percent stake in the CSeries last year. Canada's federal government also recently provided a USD 275 million loan to Bombardier, which struggled to win orders for its new medium-size plane. But Bombardier won a 75-plane order for the CSeries from US-based Delta Air Lines in 2016. Bombardier said its planes never competed with Boeing in the sale to Delta. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On National News | International News | Canada | Government | Pti Stories | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Canada's defense minister threatens Boeing deal in speech Canada's defense minister repeated a threat to cancel the purchase of 18 fighter jets from Boeing Co because of the company's trade complaint against Canadian plane maker Bombardier. Defense Minister Harjit Sajjan said Boeing's action against Bombardier is "unfounded" and not the behavior of a "trusted partner." He said yesterday buying the Super Hornet fighter jets "requires a trusted industry partner." Sajjan urged Boeing to withdraw the complaint in a speech. Canada's foreign minister has also threatened to block the order. "Our government - and I stress this - our government is disappointed in the action of one of our leading industry partners," he said. Chicago-based Boeing's trade complaint prompted a US Commerce Department anti-dumping investigation that could result in duties being imposed on Bombardier's new larger CSeries passenger aircraft. Boeing insists the plane receives Canadian government subsidies that give it an advantage internationally. Canada's threat is ... Canada's defense minister repeated a threat to cancel the purchase of 18 fighter jets from Boeing Co because of the company's trade complaint against Canadian plane maker Bombardier. Defense Minister Harjit Sajjan said Boeing's action against Bombardier is "unfounded" and not the behavior of a "trusted partner." He said yesterday buying the Super Hornet fighter jets "requires a trusted industry partner." Sajjan urged Boeing to withdraw the complaint in a speech. Canada's foreign minister has also threatened to block the order. "Our government - and I stress this - our government is disappointed in the action of one of our leading industry partners," he said. Chicago-based Boeing's trade complaint prompted a US Commerce Department anti-dumping investigation that could result in duties being imposed on Bombardier's new larger CSeries passenger aircraft. Boeing insists the plane receives Canadian government subsidies that give it an advantage internationally. Canada's threat is coming amid increasing trade disputes with the US Scott Day, a spokesman for Boeing, defended the company's trade action, suggesting it should not be linked to its military relationship with Canada. "It's more of a commercial issue with regard to the Bombardier case," he said. "We're going to continue working with the US Navy, providing information on the Super Hornet that will be provided to the government of Canada." Boeing petitioned the US Commerce Department and the US International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies of Montreal-based Bombardier's CSeries aircraft. Boeing says Bombardier has received more than USD 3 billion in government subsidies that let it engage in "predatory pricing." Brazil has also launched a formal complaint to the World Trade Organization over Canadian subsidies to Bombardier. Sao Paolo-based Embraer is a fierce rival of Bombardier's. The Quebec government invested US$1 billion in exchange for a 49.5 percent stake in the CSeries last year. Canada's federal government also recently provided a USD 275 million loan to Bombardier, which struggled to win orders for its new medium-size plane. But Bombardier won a 75-plane order for the CSeries from US-based Delta Air Lines in 2016. Bombardier said its planes never competed with Boeing in the sale to Delta. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) AP Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Canada's defense minister threatens Boeing deal in speech Canada's defense minister repeated a threat to cancel the purchase of 18 fighter jets from Boeing Co because of the company's trade complaint against Canadian plane maker Bombardier. Defense Minister Harjit Sajjan said Boeing's action against Bombardier is "unfounded" and not the behavior of a "trusted partner." He said yesterday buying the Super Hornet fighter jets "requires a trusted industry partner." Sajjan urged Boeing to withdraw the complaint in a speech. Canada's foreign minister has also threatened to block the order. "Our government - and I stress this - our government is disappointed in the action of one of our leading industry partners," he said. Chicago-based Boeing's trade complaint prompted a US Commerce Department anti-dumping investigation that could result in duties being imposed on Bombardier's new larger CSeries passenger aircraft. Boeing insists the plane receives Canadian government subsidies that give it an advantage internationally. Canada's threat is coming amid increasing trade disputes with the US Scott Day, a spokesman for Boeing, defended the company's trade action, suggesting it should not be linked to its military relationship with Canada. "It's more of a commercial issue with regard to the Bombardier case," he said. "We're going to continue working with the US Navy, providing information on the Super Hornet that will be provided to the government of Canada." Boeing petitioned the US Commerce Department and the US International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies of Montreal-based Bombardier's CSeries aircraft. Boeing says Bombardier has received more than USD 3 billion in government subsidies that let it engage in "predatory pricing." Brazil has also launched a formal complaint to the World Trade Organization over Canadian subsidies to Bombardier. Sao Paolo-based Embraer is a fierce rival of Bombardier's. The Quebec government invested US$1 billion in exchange for a 49.5 percent stake in the CSeries last year. Canada's federal government also recently provided a USD 275 million loan to Bombardier, which struggled to win orders for its new medium-size plane. But Bombardier won a 75-plane order for the CSeries from US-based Delta Air Lines in 2016. Bombardier said its planes never competed with Boeing in the sale to Delta. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) AP Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Subscribe Username Sign In Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments0 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it The Americas Canada’s defense minister threatens Boeing deal in speech The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Rob Gillies | AP By Rob Gillies | AP May 31 TORONTO — Canada’s defense minister repeated a threat Wednesday to cancel the purchase of 18 fighter jets from Boeing Co. because of the company’s trade complaint against Canadian plane maker Bombardier. Harjit Sajjan said Boeing’s action against Bombardier is “unfounded” and not the behavior of a “trusted partner.” He said buying the Super Hornet fighter jets “requires a trusted industry partner.” Sajjan urged Boeing to withdraw the complaint in a speech. Canada’s foreign minister has also threatened to block the order. “Our government - and I stress this - our government is disappointed in the action of one of our leading industry partners,” he said. Chicago-based Boeing’s trade complaint prompted a U.S. Commerce Department anti-dumping investigation that could result in duties being imposed on Bombardier’s new larger CSeries passenger aircraft. Boeing insists the plane receives Canadian government subsidies that give it an advantage internationally. Canada’s threat is coming amid increasing trade disputes with the U.S. Scott Day, a spokesman for Boeing, noted that Sajjan also recognized Boeing as a strong partner in the past and for the future. Day defended the company’s trade action. “This is a commercial matter that Boeing is seeking to address through the normal course for resolving such issues,” Day said in an email. Boeing petitioned the U.S. Commerce Department and the U.S. International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies of Montreal-based Bombardier’s CSeries aircraft. Boeing says Bombardier has received more than US$3 billion in government subsidies that let it engage in “predatory pricing.” Brazil has also launched a formal complaint to the World Trade Organization over Canadian subsidies to Bombardier. Sao Paolo-based Embraer is a fierce rival of Bombardier’s. The Quebec government invested US$1 billion in exchange for a 49.5 percent stake in the CSeries last year. Canada’s federal government also recently provided a US$275 million loan to Bombardier, which struggled to win orders for its new medium-size plane. But Bombardier won a 75-plane order for the CSeries from U.S.-based Delta Air Lines in 2016. Bombardier said its planes never competed with Boeing in the sale to Delta. The Canadian government said late last year it would enter into discussions on buying 18 Super Hornet jet fighters from Boeing on an interim basis and hold an open competition to buy more planes over the next five years. Canada remains part of Lockheed Martin’s F-35 Joint Strike Fighter program. Sajjan said he would have more to say about the issue next week. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. world the_americas Get 2016 Olympics updates by email Our best news and analysis from Rio, delivered to your inbox. post_newsletter333 magnet-olympics2016 false after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters world the_americas Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas true endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 0 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email 0 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Sign up for email updates from the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. You have signed up for the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. ✕ Thank you for signing up You'll receive e-mail when new stories are published in this series. Most Read 1 Terror attacks in London leave seven dead and dozens wounded, police say 2 Police say 6 people slain in ‘terrorist incidents’ on London Bridge and in nearby market 3 The Latest: Putin: London attack ‘shocking in its cruelty’ 4 Megyn Kelly asked Narendra Modi if he uses Twitter. His 30 million followers responded. 5 Terror attack on London Bridge leaves 6 dead; police shoot 3 The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game world the_americas Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Photos Videos Topics Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Cricket Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education Health TRENDING# ICC Champions Trophy 2017 Cow Slaughter Kulbhushan Jadhav Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 News World News Canada's defense minister threatens Boeing deal in his speech Canada Defense Minister Harjit Sajjan (Reuters) Shares0 Thu, 1 Jun 2017-10:09am , Toronto , PTI Canada's defense minister repeated a threat to cancel the purchase of 18 fighter jets from Boeing Co because of the company's trade complaint against Canadian plane maker Bombardier. Defense Minister Harjit Sajjan said Boeing's action against Bombardier is "unfounded" and not the behavior of a "trusted partner." He said on Wednesday buying the Super Hornet fighter jets "requires a trusted industry partner." Sajjan urged Boeing to withdraw the complaint in a speech. Canada's foreign minister has also threatened to block the order. "Our government - and I stress this - our government is disappointed in the action of one of our leading industry partners," he said. Chicago-based Boeing's trade complaint prompted a US Commerce Department anti-dumping investigation that could result in duties being imposed on Bombardier's new larger CSeries passenger aircraft. Boeing insists the plane receives Canadian government subsidies that give it an advantage internationally. Canada's threat is coming amid increasing trade disputes with the US Scott Day, a spokesman for Boeing, defended the company's trade action, suggesting it should not be linked to its military relationship with Canada. "It's more of a commercial issue with regard to the Bombardier case," he said. "We're going to continue working with the US Navy, providing information on the Super Hornet that will be provided to the government of Canada." Boeing petitioned the US Commerce Department and the US International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies of Montreal-based Bombardier's CSeries aircraft. Boeing says Bombardier has received more than USD 3 billion in government subsidies that let it engage in "predatory pricing." Brazil has also launched a formal complaint to the World Trade Organization over Canadian subsidies to Bombardier. Sao Paolo-based Embraer is a fierce rival of Bombardier's. The Quebec government invested US$1 billion in exchange for a 49.5% stake in the CSeries last year. Canada's federal government also recently provided a USD 275 million loan to Bombardier, which struggled to win orders for its new medium-size plane. But Bombardier won a 75-plane order for the CSeries from US-based Delta Air Lines in 2016. Bombardier said its planes never competed with Boeing in the sale to Delta. TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read World Iran lashes out at US, Saudi for starting regional alliance against Tehran World London Terror Attack: 7 killed, 21 critical; 12 nabbed by UK police World Donald Trump believes in climate change: Nikki Haley World China: 1000 years old hidden temple found by archaeologists World Syria army takes Aleppo town from Islamic State World ISIS member British national Jihadi Jack nabbed in Syria Next Article > CBFC Chief Pahlaj Nihalani SLAMS Ram Gopal Varma for FILTHY 'Guns and Thighs' trailer! Next node CBFC Chief Pahlaj Nihalani SLAMS Ram Gopal Varma for FILTHY 'Guns and Thighs' trailer! Related Watch: 12-year-old Indian-American Ananya Vinay wins Scripps National Spelling Bee Paris Climate Deal: World leaders express regret over US’ withdrawal Justin Trudeau calls Trump to say climate decision a 'disappointment' Zee Biz Originals View all Wipro chief Premji's salary drops 63% to $1,21,853 in FY17 Lenders have given us time till December, says RCom’s Anil Ambani What will India's FY18 GDP growth look like? GDP disappointed, will GST be a surprise for Indian economy? Video WATCH: THIS video of Kareena Kapoor Khan and baby Taimur waving to the media has gone VIRAL! Menstrual Hygiene Day | Watch how this mother educated her child about menstruation Bleed with pride: Watch this woman's powerful video against menstruation stigma View all Tags Canada Defense Minister Boeing Bombardier Harjit Sajjan fighter jets CSeries aircraft World Trade Organization Sao Paolo US SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News S. Arabia, UAE, Egypt and Bahrain cut diplomatic ties with Qatar over 'terrorism' 'Enough is enough' PM May says after London attackers kill seven Saudi Arabia, Egypt, UAE sever ties to Qatar over 'terrorism' South Korea will return four North Koreans "if they want to go back" Hamas leader in Cairo for talks with Egyptian officials Sport Dominic Thiem demolishes Zeballos to march into French Open quarters Rugby-Patience needed for Australia's rookie coaches, says Byrne NBA Finals: Golden State Warriors take 2-0 lead over Cleveland Cavaliers SHOWCASE-Tennis-Alize Cornet v Caroline Garcia - player profiles Tennis-Murray takes on tricky Khachanov for a spot in last eight Entertainment Ariana Grande gets emotional as she closes One Love Manchester concert Tight security and tears at benefit concert for Manchester bomb victims Ariana, others perform in Manchester as tribute to attack victims Ariana Grande returns to Manchester stage for benefit show Salman Khan’s Tubelight will be screened in Germany Money Rupee rises 12 paise against dollar at 64.32 in early trade Airlines' standoff in Venezuela getting worse as crisis deepens - IATA FOREX-Dollar nurses losses after downbeat US jobs data, pound edges lower World Bank sees improving global economy but risks remain World Bank says trade, manufacturing to boost 2017 global growth Partner Sites: Zee News Hindi News Marathi News Bengali News Tamil News Malayalam News Zee Business WION ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds 78° Full Menu 78° Home Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Activate Your Account Account Support E-Edition Mobile Apps Newsletters The Sun News Store FAQ Cancel SunValues Delivery Tourism Site Plan All Tourist Info Vacation Planner Calendar Where to Stay Ask a Local Festivals Guide Best of the Area Play Nightlife Golf Shopping Shows Myrtle Beach Blog Restaurants Obituaries News All News Local News Crime/Courts Business State News Nation/World Weird News More News Politics Neighbors Myrtle Beach Bike Rallies Submit A News Tip Issac Bailey Tourism News Real Estate News Sports All Sports High Schools Coastal Carolina Recreation Golf MB Pelicans Auto Racing More Sports College Sports NFL MLB MB Marathon Toast Of The Coast Green Reading Blog The Roost Blog Politics Politics Opinion All Opinion Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter Editorial Cartoons Columns & Blogs A Different World Celia Rivenbark Bob Bestler The Editor's Desk Living All Living Coasting Neighbors Food Best Of The Beach Announcements Religion Travel Pets Home & Garden Entertainment All Entertainment Kicks! Best Of The Beach Movies Calendar Contests More Entertainment Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Celebrities Music TV Surge Legals Cars Jobs Moonlighting Homes Classifieds Classified Ads Shopping About Us National Business May 31, 2017 10:39 PM Canada's defense minister threatens Boeing deal in speech By ROB GILLIES Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story TORONTO Canada's defense minister repeated a threat Wednesday to cancel the purchase of 18 fighter jets from Boeing Co. because of the company's trade complaint against Canadian plane maker Bombardier. Harjit Sajjan said Boeing's action against Bombardier is "unfounded" and not the behavior of a "trusted partner." He said buying the Super Hornet fighter jets "requires a trusted industry partner." Sajjan urged Boeing to withdraw the complaint in a speech. Canada's foreign minister has also threatened to block the order. "Our government - and I stress this - our government is disappointed in the action of one of our leading industry partners," he said. Chicago-based Boeing's trade complaint prompted a U.S. Commerce Department anti-dumping investigation that could result in duties being imposed on Bombardier's new larger CSeries passenger aircraft. Boeing insists the plane receives Canadian government subsidies that give it an advantage internationally. Canada's threat is coming amid increasing trade disputes with the U.S. Scott Day, a spokesman for Boeing, noted that Sajjan also recognized Boeing as a strong partner in the past and for the future. Day defended the company's trade action. "This is a commercial matter that Boeing is seeking to address through the normal course for resolving such issues," Day said in an email. Boeing petitioned the U.S. Commerce Department and the U.S. International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies of Montreal-based Bombardier's CSeries aircraft. Boeing says Bombardier has received more than US$3 billion in government subsidies that let it engage in "predatory pricing." Brazil has also launched a formal complaint to the World Trade Organization over Canadian subsidies to Bombardier. Sao Paolo-based Embraer is a fierce rival of Bombardier's. The Quebec government invested US$1 billion in exchange for a 49.5 percent stake in the CSeries last year. Canada's federal government also recently provided a US$275 million loan to Bombardier, which struggled to win orders for its new medium-size plane. But Bombardier won a 75-plane order for the CSeries from U.S.-based Delta Air Lines in 2016. Bombardier said its planes never competed with Boeing in the sale to Delta. The Canadian government said late last year it would enter into discussions on buying 18 Super Hornet jet fighters from Boeing on an interim basis and hold an open competition to buy more planes over the next five years. Canada remains part of Lockheed Martin's F-35 Joint Strike Fighter program. Sajjan said he would have more to say about the issue next week. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a year ago Free credit scores and credit monitoring: a cautionary tale 1:11 a year ago Free credit scores and credit monitoring: a cautionary tale 1:07 4 hours ago Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 6.5 1:52 11 hours ago Joe Harris talks basketball and law enforcement (video) View More Video National Business The Latest: Turnbull says up to 4 Australians were victims New energy plan for NY agricultural sector to be unveiled Survey: Economists expect slower US growth Program opens chances for success for students Correction: Plant Explosion-Wisconsin story National Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Boeing Substitutes Italian Firm for US Export-Import Bank By Paul Ausick May 31, 2017 2:20 pm EDT Print Email Tweet The U.S. Export-Import Bank has not guaranteed a loan for more than $10 million in over 2 years. For The Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) that has been something of a headache because the company doesn’t sell a commercial jet for anywhere near that price. But in an agreement announced last Friday, the U.S. manufacturer struck a deal with Italy’s SACE SpA to under which the Italian financial firm will guarantee up to $1.25 billion in loans to finance purchases of new Boeing airplanes. In its announcement of the deal, SACE noted that Boeing purchased $2.5 billion in goods and services from 2015 to 2016 from Italian firms and supported 12,000 jobs in the country. Boeing has about 150 direct employees in Italy according to the announcement. The Ex-Im’s charter was renewed in December 2016, but because no new appointments have been made to the bank’s board it can not authorize a loan or a guarantee valued at more than $10 million.The bank’s rules require a quorum of 60% of its nominal five members in order to make larger deals. The board now has just two members. Some U.S. Senators have blocked new appointments to the board, arguing that the bank is no more than the “Bank of Boeing.” U.S. airlines, not eligible for Ex-Im financing guarantees, also argued against renewing the bank’s charter. President Trump took office opposed to the Ex-Im bank, but after meeting with Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg reportedly changed his mind. That change has not yet filtered down to the Senate nor has it resulted in the President nominating new members to the bank’s board. According to a report in The Wall Street Journal, SACE completed its first deal this month, providing guarantees of around $300 million for three Boeing 737-800s that have been sold to Turkey’s SunExpress. The planes have a list price of $98 million, but the actual price would likely have been 30% or so less than that. Italian aerospace company Leonardo supplies about 14% of the parts, including the center and rear fuselage sections, for Boeing’s 787 Dreamliner at the company’s plant near Taranto. This is Boeing’s first deal with a non-U.S. financial firm to help it finance aircraft purchases. One odd thing about the refusal to appoint new members to the Ex-Im bank’s board is that the bank turns a profit and makes or guarantees loans to hundreds of small U.S. firms. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « How Much Could Energen Fetch in a Buyout? Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan Drag DJIA Down Wednesday » Read more: Aerospace & Defense, Corporate Governance, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular Cities Americans Are Abandoning The Most and Least Reliable Car in Each Class Cities Where Crime Is Soaring The Drunkest (and Driest) Cities in America The Most Dangerous City in Every State Recent “Wonder Woman” Hits $100 Million, Record For Female Director Analysts Find Gold, Dross in Retail Stocks IPOs This Week: ShotSpotter Headlines Limited Action Chinese Admit Cars Are Major Source Of Air Pollution Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search 11 Million Americans Are Making This Huge Money Mistake 1 Important Portfolio Checkup You Need to Do in 2017 An Apple Inc. Supplier Seems to Confirm the iPhone 8 Delay Prime Minister Theresa May: London incidents to be treated as terror incidents Dow, S&P 500 end up 0.3%; Nasdaq Composite closes up 0.9% Nasdaq logs a 1.5% weekly return Does the Stock Market Care About the Paris Climate Deal? American Express (AXP) Gains Exclusive Card Deal for Hilton Bank Stock Roundup: Weak Q2 Trading Outlook Raises Concern, BofA & Citi in Focus Sears says some Kmart customer credit card numbers compromised US energy chief reassures Japan of commitment to environment Warren Buffett's annual lunch auction starts Sunday evening 'Wonder Woman' Shatters Box Office With Biggest Female Director Opening. Ever. SpaceX Launches First Recycled Cargo Ship Into Orbit A New Bill Would Protect Immigrant Farmworkers. It Has Little Chance Of Survival. Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour Trading the World CNBC Disruptor 50 Lasting Legacy Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Mad Money with Jim Cramer Cramer takes to the new high list to prove the rally is wider than it seems Elizabeth Gurdus | @elizabethgurdus Wednesday, 31 May 2017 | 6:11 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Cramer: Rally wider than it seems    Wednesday, 31 May 2017 | 6:51 PM ET | 03:36 Though it might look like the FANG stocks — Facebook, Amazon, Netflix, and Google parent Alphabet — are the market's only driving forces, Jim Cramer has found otherwise. "I'm looking at the new high list for the S&P 500 today, and you know what I saw? I like what I saw, which is a broad distribution among the 70 companies that hit this august list — 70 out of 500 making new highs," the "Mad Money" host said on Wednesday. While the rally may feel tech-driven, Cramer noticed that only 11 of the 70 companies that hit new highs were tech stocks, mostly from the semiconductor space. Of the rest, 23 were utility companies, an understandable group to be hitting new highs considering the market's worries about a slowing U.S. economy. Watch the full segment here: show chapters Cramer takes to the new high list to prove the rally is wider than it seems    Wednesday, 31 May 2017 | 11:57 AM ET | 11:50 "But that leaves 36 stocks that have nothing to do with tech or utilities rallying today, and those are where I gain solace, solace that perhaps things aren't as narrow or as unhealthy as they seem to so many," Cramer said. First, he turned to 3M, an industrial conglomerate that has consistently delivered strong results for shareholders. "I've often called 3M what I call 'a core holding,' meaning it's a stock you never want to sell if you can avoid it," the "Mad Money" host said. "3M is exactly the kind of stock you want on the new high list if you're concerned about a rally being too narrow." Boeing, the largest aerospace company in the world, also hit a new high. Cramer pointed out that as one of the United States' biggest exporters, Boeing would not be able to sell its products if the economy was dramatically slowing. Cramer also noticed that railroad operator CSX was on the list, which would also not be outperforming if the cargo industry was on the verge of collapse. Even with the appointment of new CEO Hunter Harrison, which gave the stock a boost, Cramer takes CSX's success as a sign of strength in commerce. Consumer strength was illuminated by Carnival Corporation's place on the list. Cramer called the cruise line "the ultimate in discretionary spending," meaning that customers do not need to spend on cruises, but since they are, the consumer cannot be as weak as some may think. "And then there's the clinchers, frankly: McDonald's, Yum [Brands] and Starbucks. These are three classic growth names that have all the same concerns: labor costs going up, strong dollar liabilities, higher price-to-earnings multiples than we might otherwise expect. But they're all hitting the new high list nonetheless," Cramer said. Some sectors makes the "Mad Money" host uneasy. One is the downtrodden bank stocks, which have been lower on negative effects of trading, and the oil stocks. "The oils? If you own 'em, it's deathly," he said. "The fact is, there's too much oil. On the other hand, though, I think the group has already gotten pretty cheap. The oils represent value here and that's not a sin." And while retail has been a consistent, market-wide concern, Cramer said that Wal-Mart and Costco's successes are at least challenging Amazon's domination. "Sure, it's easy to point endlessly to the coming FANG apocalypse," Cramer said. "I just want to point out that when you look at the new high list, it's about as broad as you could ask, sans the utilities and their safe dividends. That doesn't mean we should break out the party hats. It does mean that we're in less dangerous territory than many people now think after five fabulous months of 2017 market action." Questions for Cramer? Call Cramer: 1-800-743-CNBC Want to take a deep dive into Cramer's world? Hit him up! Mad Money Twitter - Jim Cramer Twitter - Facebook - Instagram - Vine Questions, comments, suggestions for the "Mad Money" website? madcap@cnbc.com Elizabeth GurdusDigital Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change S&P 500 --- GOOGL --- NFLX --- AMZN --- FB --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
About US Contact US Registration Monday June 5th, 2017 Languages English French Language German Language Italian Language Portuguese Language Spanish Language Analysis-Reportage MIL Analysis-Reportage Security-Intel-Police Cyber Security Defence Intelligence Police Security Economics Environment Contracts For May 31, 2017 By Foreign Affairs Publisher  /  June 1, 2017  /  Comments Off on Contracts For May 31, 2017       Print       Email MIL OSI USA – Source: United States Department of Defense Headline: Contracts For May 31, 2017 CONTRACTS  AIR FORCE   Northrop Grumman Systems Corp., Linthicum Heights, Maryland, has been awarded a $243,873,277 predominantly fixed-price contract with cost-plus-fixed fee and fixed-price incentive portions for 72 Active Electronically Scanned Array radars, spares and support services. Work will be performed at Linthicum Heights, Maryland, and is expected to be complete by Jan. 31, 2019. This award is the result of a competitive acquisition with one offer received. Fiscal 2016 research, development, test and evaluation funds in the amount of $30,714,025 are being obligated at the time of award. Air Force Life Cycle Management Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, is the contracting activity (FA8615-17-C-6047).   Advanced Electronics Co, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, has been awarded a not-to-exceed $29,934,295 modification (P00004) to previously awarded contract FA8730-16-C-0019 for Royal Saudi Air Force cyber protection and related facilities. Contractor will provide updated basis of estimates to align with the new incremental design/deploy strategy for the Cyber Protection System Build-0, Build-1 and the definitization of Build-2. Work will be performed at Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, and is expected to be complete by May.31,2020. This contract is 100 percent foreign military sales to Saudi Arabia. Air Force Life Cycle Management Center, Hanscom Air Force Base, Massachusetts, is the contracting activity.   The Boeing Co. – Defense, Space & Security, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, has been awarded a not-to-exceed $16,580,822 modification (FA8106-17-F-0036) to previously awarded contract FA8106-17-D-0002 for the Low Frequency Transmission System modification. Contractor will provide management and engineering services and a production kit. Work will be performed at Oklahoma City, Oklahoma; and Richardson, Texas, and is expected to be complete by March 7, 2019. Fiscal 2017 procurement funds in the amount of $16,580,822 are being obligated at the time of award. Air Force Life Cycle Management Center, Tinker Air Force Base, Oklahoma, is the contracting activity.   M1 Support Services, Denton, Texas, has been awarded a $9,288,908 modification (P00062) to previously awarded contract FA8106-13-C-0008 for C-21 contractor logistics support. Contractor will provide organizational and depot level maintenance, data, contractor operated and maintained base supply, and modification design and installation support. It also includes launch and recovery of the C-21 aircraft at their main operating bases and any other deployment operating locations worldwide. Work will be performed at Andrews Air Force Base, Maryland; Peterson Air Force Base, Colorado; Ramstein Air Base, Germany; Scott Air Force Base, Illinois, and locations worldwide. Work is expected to be complete by May 31, 2018. Fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance funds in the amount of $9,288,908 are being obligated at the time of award. Air Force Life Cycle Management Center, Tinker Air Force Base, Oklahoma, is the contracting activity (FA8106-13-C-0008).   ARMY   DynCorp International LLC, Fort Worth, Texas, was awarded a $124,451,639 firm-fixed-price contract for logistics support services for government-owned fixed-wing fleets performing transport aircraft missions (C-12, C-26, and UC-35 fleets, with limited services for T-6 fleets). Bids were solicited via the Internet with three received. Work will be performed in Fort Worth, Texas, with an estimated completion date of May 31, 2018. Fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance (Army) funds in the amount of $20,153,131 were obligated at the time of the award. U.S. Army Contracting Command, Redstone Arsenal, Alabama, is the contracting activity (W58RGZ-17-C-0011). TRAX International, White Sands Missile Range, New Mexico, was awarded an $111,489,021 modification (P00235) to contract W9124Q-07-C-0504 for planning, logistics, operation, maintenance, research, and development of systems, equipment, and facilities for the White Sands Missile Range test and evaluation mission. Work will be performed in White Sands Missile Range, New Mexico, with an estimated completion date of Nov. 30, 2018. Fiscal 2017 research, development, test and evaluation funds in the amount of $100,000 were obligated at the time of the award. U.S. Army Contracting Command, Fort Hood, Texas, is the contracting activity. Pond and Co., Peachtree Corners, Georgia (W9128F-17-D-0016); Austin Brockenbrough and Assoc. LLP,* Richmond, Virginia (W9128F-17-D-0017); Robert and Co.,* Atlanta, Georgia (W9128F-17-D-0018); Burns and McDonnell Engineering Co., Kansas City, Missouri (W9128F-17-D-0019); Argus Consulting Inc.,* Overland Park, Kansas (W9128F-17-D-0020); and Enterprise Engineering Inc.,* Anchorage, Alaska (W9128F-17-D-0021), will share in a $49,900,000 firm-fixed-price contract for architect-engineering design services. Bids were solicited via the Internet with 13 received. Work locations and funding will be determined with each order; with an estimated completion date of May 31, 2022. U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Omaha, Nebraska, is the contracting activity. Carahsoft Technology Corp., Reston, Virginia, was awarded a $28,208,594 modification (BA0114) to contract N00104-08-A-ZF43 to provide brand name commercial system application and products software, tightly integrated third-party software, and software maintenance. Work will be performed in Fort Belvoir, Virginia, with an estimated completion date of May 31, 2018. Fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance (Army); other; research, development, test, and evaluation; and other procurement (Army) funds in the combined amount of $10,086,168 were obligated at the time of the award. U.S. Army Contracting Command, Rock Island Arsenal, Illinois, is the contracting activity. Johnson Brothers Corp., Roanoke, Texas, was awarded a $27,421,677 modification (P00002) to contract W912P5-16-C-0006 for Kentucky Lock downstream cofferdam construction. Work will be performed in Grand Rivers, Kentucky, with an estimated completion date of Nov. 28, 2019. Fiscal 2017 other funds in the amount of $27,421,677 were obligated at the time of the award. U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Nashville, Tennessee, is the contracting activity. Sikorsky, Stratford, Connecticut, was awarded a $23,840,000 firm-fixed-price contract for the purchase of up to 859 Blue Force Tracking 2 installation kits. Bids were solicited via the Internet with one received. Work locations and funding will be determined with each order, with an estimated completion date of Sept. 15, 2021. U.S. Army Contracting Command, Redstone Arsenal, Alabama, is the contracting activity (W58RGZ-17-D-0033). TRAX International Corp., Las Vegas, Nevada, was awarded a $16,432,596 modification (P00201) to contract W9124R-09-C-0003 for non-personal test support services. Work will be performed in Yuma, Arizona; and Fort Greely, Alaska, with an estimated completion date of July 31, 2017. Fiscal 2017 research, development, test, and evaluation funds in the amount of $4,228,681 were obligated at the time of the award and the remaining amount of $12,203,915 is subject to availability of funds. U.S. Army Contracting Command, Yuma, Arizona, is the contracting activity. Six3 Advanced Systems Inc., Dulles, Virginia, was awarded a $10,539,652 cost-plus-fixed-fee contract to design, develop, and validate system prototypes for a combined-arms squad, which combines humans and unmanned assets, ubiquitous communications and information, and advanced capabilities in all domains to maximize squad performance in increasingly complex operational environments. Bids were solicited via the Internet with one received. Work will be performed in Dulles, Virginia; Blacksburg, Virginia; Herndon, Virginia; Falls Church, Virginia; and Monrovia, California, with an estimated completion date of May 31, 2019. Fiscal 2016 and 2017 research, development, test, and evaluation funds in the combined amount of $6,645,986 were obligated at the time of the award. U.S. Army Contracting Command, Research Triangle Park, North Carolina, is the contracting activity (W911NF-17-C-0010). Mississippi State University, Starkville, Mississippi, was awarded a $9,843,755 cost contract to continue U.S. Army Tank Automotive Research, Development and Engineering Command’s simulation-based reliability and safety program of modeling and simulation, and vehicle reliability prediction. Bids were solicited via the Internet with one received. Work will be performed in Starkville, Mississippi, with an estimated completion date of May 30, 2022. Fiscal 2016 research, development, test and evaluation funds in the amount of $365,188 were obligated at the time of the award. U.S. Army Contracting Command, Warren, Michigan, is the contracting activity (W56HZV-17-C-0095).   NAVY   The Boeing Co., St. Louis, Missouri, is being awarded $86,337,218 for modification P00013 to a previously awarded indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity contract (N68936-14-D-0008) to design, develop, and implement upgrades to software and ancillary hardware for F/A-18 A/B, C/D, E/F and EA-18G aircraft for the Navy and the governments of Australia, Finland, Switzerland, Kuwait, Malaysia, and Canada.  Work will be performed in St. Louis, Missouri (95 percent); and China Lake, California (5 percent), and is expected to be completed in December 2018.  Contract funds will not be obligated at time of award.  Funds will be obligated against individual task orders as they are issued.  This contract combines purchases for the Navy ($79,430,241; 92 percent); and the governments of Australia ($2,935,465; 3.40 percent); Finland ($2,158,430; 2.50 percent); Switzerland ($690,698; .80 percent); Kuwait ($431,686; .50 percent); Malaysia ($431,686; .50 percent); and Canada ($259,012; .30 percent) under the Foreign Military Sales program.  The Naval Air Warfare Center Weapons Division, China Lake, California, is the contracting activity.   Selex ES Inc., Overland Park, Kansas, is being awarded a $20,931,173 firm-fixed-price indefinite delivery/indefinite-quantity contract for the procurement, installation, test and delivery of up to 31 instrument landing systems (ILS) at Department of Navy installations in support of the precision approach landing capability.  An ILS consists of a localizer, glide slope, remove control status unit, and distance measuring equipment, as well as associated antenna.  Work will be performed in Overland Park, Kansas, and is expected to be completed in May 2023.  Fiscal 2017 other procurement (Navy) funds in the amount of $392,486 are being obligated on this award, none of which will expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  This contract was competitive procured via an electronic request for proposals; two offers were received.  The Naval Air Warfare Center Aircraft Division, Lakehurst, New Jersey, is the contracting activity (N68335-17-D-0021). Metron Inc., Reston, Virginia, is being awarded an $8,399,965 cost-plus-fixed-fee contract for software and training material development in support of Executable Architecture Management System.  The scope of this contract includes the full spectrum of architecture, mission engineering analysis, interoperability assessments, systems engineering, modeling, simulation and assessment support services.  This contract contains options, which if exercised, would bring the cumulative value of this contract to an estimated $25,867,434.  Work will be performed in San Diego, California, and is expected to be completed in May 2018.  If options are exercised, work could continue until May 2020.  Fiscal 2017 research, development, test and evaluation (Navy) funding in the amount of $220,000 will be obligated at the time of award. Contract funds will not expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  This contract was not competitively procured and was awarded as a sole-source acquisition under the authority of Federal Acquisition Regulation 6.302-1(a)(2) – only one responsible source and no other supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements.  The Space and Naval Warfare System Command, San Diego, California, is the contracting activity (N00039-17-C-0006).   DEFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY   Raytheon Co., McKinney, Texas, has been awarded a $24,114,820 firm-fixed-price contract for Abrams and Bradley fighting vehicle parts. This was a sole-source acquisition using justification 10 U.S. Code 2304 (c)(1) under Federal Acquisition Regulation 6.302-1, “Only one responsible source and no other supplies or services will satisfy requirements.” This is a one-year base contract with one one-year option period. Locations of performance are Texas and Florida, with a May 30, 2018, performance completion date. Using military service is Army. Type of appropriation is fiscal 2017 through 2018 (Army) working capital funds. The contracting activity is the Defense Logistics Agency Land and Maritime, Warren, Michigan, (SPRDL1-17-C-0033). DEFENSE ADVANCED RESEARCH PROJECTS AGENCY   Agile Defense Inc.,*Reston, Virginia,, has been awarded a $30,688,418 modification to previously awarded task order HR0011-15-F-0002 for unclassified information technology services. The modification brings the total cumulative value of the contract to $95,211,174 from $64,522,755. Work will be performed in Arlington, Virginia, with an expected completion date of June 8, 2018. Fiscal 2017 research and development funds in the amount of $14,364,965 are being obligated at time of award. The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, Arlington, Virginia, is the contracting activity.   *Small business     Print       Email Published: 4 days ago on June 1, 2017 By: Foreign Affairs Publisher Last Modified: June 1, 2017 @ 10:37 am Filed Under: 24/7 OSI, Americas, China, Defence, Defense, Energy, English, Environment, Intelligence, Internet Communications Technology, MIL OSI, Open Source Intel, Security, United States Department of Defense, United States Government, United States of America, US Security NEXT ARTICLE → Health and Human Services, Department of: Two Hospitals Selected to Increase Rural Psychiatric and Substance Use Treatment Capacity ← PREVIOUS ARTICLE Someone please FWD this to Congressman Pittenger About the author Foreign Affairs Publisher View all articles by Foreign Affairs Publisher » Recent Posts Cybernaut International Completes Name Change; Famous Entrepreneur Zhu Min Assumes Chairmanship Remarks by Secretary-General António Guterres following his meeting with H.E. Mr. Nicos Anastasiades, Greek Cypriot leader; and H.E. Mr. Mustafa Akıncı, Turkish Cypriot leader Chinese experiment heading for ISS U.S.-bound flights fall in Middle East due to laptop ban China to probe doping offense at Rio Olympics © 2017 ForeignAffairs.co.nz. Site customised by Multimedia Investments Ltd
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Notable Wednesday Option Activity: BA, BAC, HON Shutterstock photo Among the underlying components of the S&P 500 index, we saw noteworthy options trading volume today in Boeing Co. (Symbol: BA), where a total of 13,111 contracts have traded so far, representing approximately 1.3 million underlying shares. That amounts to about 45.8% of BA’s average daily trading volume over the past month of 2.9 million shares. Especially high volume was seen for the $197.50 strike call option expiring June 16, 2017 , with 4,509 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 450,900 underlying shares of BA. Below is a chart showing BA’s trailing twelve month trading history, with the $197.50 strike highlighted in orange: Bank of America Corp. (Symbol: BAC) saw options trading volume of 325,405 contracts, representing approximately 32.5 million underlying shares or approximately 45.7% of BAC’s average daily trading volume over the past month, of 71.2 million shares. Especially high volume was seen for the $22.50 strike put option expiring June 16, 2017 , with 24,553 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 2.5 million underlying shares of BAC. Below is a chart showing BAC’s trailing twelve month trading history, with the $22.50 strike highlighted in orange: And Honeywell International Inc (Symbol: HON) saw options trading volume of 11,667 contracts, representing approximately 1.2 million underlying shares or approximately 42.9% of HON’s average daily trading volume over the past month, of 2.7 million shares. Particularly high volume was seen for the $125 strike put option expiring June 16, 2017 , with 5,079 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 507,900 underlying shares of HON. Below is a chart showing HON’s trailing twelve month trading history, with the $125 strike highlighted in orange: For the various different available expirations for BA options , BAC options , or HON options , visit StockOptionsChannel.com. Today’s Most Active Call & Put Options of the S&P 500 » The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Williams Partners Prices $1.45 Billion of Senior Notes Next PostNext GTA Brokerage Pays 1.0-2.0% of Selling Price to Buyer Clients Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Notable Wednesday Option Activity: BA, BAC, HON Shutterstock photo Among the underlying components of the S&P 500 index, we saw noteworthy options trading volume today in Boeing Co. (Symbol: BA), where a total of 13,111 contracts have traded so far, representing approximately 1.3 million underlying shares. That amounts to about 45.8% of BA’s average daily trading volume over the past month of 2.9 million shares. Especially high volume was seen for the $197.50 strike call option expiring June 16, 2017 , with 4,509 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 450,900 underlying shares of BA. Below is a chart showing BA’s trailing twelve month trading history, with the $197.50 strike highlighted in orange: Bank of America Corp. (Symbol: BAC) saw options trading volume of 325,405 contracts, representing approximately 32.5 million underlying shares or approximately 45.7% of BAC’s average daily trading volume over the past month, of 71.2 million shares. Especially high volume was seen for the $22.50 strike put option expiring June 16, 2017 , with 24,553 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 2.5 million underlying shares of BAC. Below is a chart showing BAC’s trailing twelve month trading history, with the $22.50 strike highlighted in orange: And Honeywell International Inc (Symbol: HON) saw options trading volume of 11,667 contracts, representing approximately 1.2 million underlying shares or approximately 42.9% of HON’s average daily trading volume over the past month, of 2.7 million shares. Particularly high volume was seen for the $125 strike put option expiring June 16, 2017 , with 5,079 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 507,900 underlying shares of HON. Below is a chart showing HON’s trailing twelve month trading history, with the $125 strike highlighted in orange: For the various different available expirations for BA options , BAC options , or HON options , visit StockOptionsChannel.com. Today’s Most Active Call & Put Options of the S&P 500 » The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Williams Partners Prices $1.45 Billion of Senior Notes Next PostNext GTA Brokerage Pays 1.0-2.0% of Selling Price to Buyer Clients Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Notable Wednesday Option Activity: BA, BAC, HON Shutterstock photo Among the underlying components of the S&P 500 index, we saw noteworthy options trading volume today in Boeing Co. (Symbol: BA), where a total of 13,111 contracts have traded so far, representing approximately 1.3 million underlying shares. That amounts to about 45.8% of BA’s average daily trading volume over the past month of 2.9 million shares. Especially high volume was seen for the $197.50 strike call option expiring June 16, 2017 , with 4,509 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 450,900 underlying shares of BA. Below is a chart showing BA’s trailing twelve month trading history, with the $197.50 strike highlighted in orange: Bank of America Corp. (Symbol: BAC) saw options trading volume of 325,405 contracts, representing approximately 32.5 million underlying shares or approximately 45.7% of BAC’s average daily trading volume over the past month, of 71.2 million shares. Especially high volume was seen for the $22.50 strike put option expiring June 16, 2017 , with 24,553 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 2.5 million underlying shares of BAC. Below is a chart showing BAC’s trailing twelve month trading history, with the $22.50 strike highlighted in orange: And Honeywell International Inc (Symbol: HON) saw options trading volume of 11,667 contracts, representing approximately 1.2 million underlying shares or approximately 42.9% of HON’s average daily trading volume over the past month, of 2.7 million shares. Particularly high volume was seen for the $125 strike put option expiring June 16, 2017 , with 5,079 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 507,900 underlying shares of HON. Below is a chart showing HON’s trailing twelve month trading history, with the $125 strike highlighted in orange: For the various different available expirations for BA options , BAC options , or HON options , visit StockOptionsChannel.com. Today’s Most Active Call & Put Options of the S&P 500 » The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Williams Partners Prices $1.45 Billion of Senior Notes Next PostNext GTA Brokerage Pays 1.0-2.0% of Selling Price to Buyer Clients Search Recent Posts Tata Elxsi’s ‘AUTONOMAI’ Driverless Car Platform Selected by Leading OEM Pharmacy Automation Systems Market is expected to reach a CAGR of 6.7% during 2016 – 2026 PM O’Neill welcomes New World Bank Country Manager for PNG Paediatric Vaccine Market will increase at 14.4% CAGR during 2016-2026 Automotive Repair and Maintenance Services Market Poised to Rake US$ 750 Bn by the End of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
White Papers Magazines  Subscribe Now !  Sign In Sign Out      Job Opportunities      Subscribe for 1 year - Get 2 months FREE!!     TRY IT NOW Home ::  WMD ::  Library ::  News ::  India ::  2017 ::  May ::  SITREP Military WMD Menu                            Introduction Systems Facilities Agencies Operations Countries Hot Documents News Reports Policy Budget Congress Links Intelligence Homeland Security Space Public Eye Weapons of Mass Destruction (WMD) Further Reading Indian Navy Gets Quotes From 4 Jet Makers for $15 Billion Naval Fighter Deal Sputnik News In-Depth Coverage 16:04 31.05.2017 The Indian Navy will soon begin examining quotes it received from four global manufacturers for 57 multirole combat aircraft. Dassault Aviation, Boeing, SAAB and Rosoboronexport have responded to the global request for information (RFI) issued in January this year. New Delhi (Sputnik) – Apart from some basic guidelines for procurement, the Indian Navy had sought answers on a range of issues like electronic warfare capability, endurance and payload. The Navy is also desirous of licensed production of the aircraft after acquiring transfer of technology in the case. "We have received the reply from all the four to whom RFI had been issued. Now, we will examine the RFI and will take it forward," Admiral Sunil Lanba, Indian Navy chief said on Wednesday. Multi-role fighters are intended as day-night capable; all-weather multi-role deck based combat aircraft which can be used for air defense, air-to-surface operations, buddy refueling, reconnaissance, and EW missions from Indian Naval aircraft carriers. Solicitation issued on January had asked global vendors if it can perform Short Take-off But Arrested Recovery (STOBAR) or Catapult Take-off But Arrested Recovery (CATOBAR) operations, or both. Swedish SAAB is pitching its single engine Sea Gripen which has capability to operate from both STOBAR/CATOBAR while Russian upgraded MiG-29K can operate from STOBAR. Boeing's F/A-18E/F Super Hornet and Dassault's Rafale M are also in the fray for approximately $15 billion contract. Indian Navy is expected to issue the tender soon following the go-ahead signal from the government. "Hopefully, we will select and shall have deck-based carrier airborne fighter in next 4-5 years," Admiral Lanba added. The selected aircraft will operate from indigenously developed IAC-1 aircraft carrier which will be conventional ski jump based STOBAR layout and INS Vikramaditya. "The IAC-1 which is under-construction at the moment is going as per the timeline and she will start her trial in 2019, we will take delivery in 2020," Admiral Lanba said. © Sputnik NEWSLETTER Join the GlobalSecurity.org mailing list Enter Your Email Address   Advertise with Us | About Us | GlobalSecurity.org In the News | Internships | Site Map | Privacy Copyright © 2000-2017 GlobalSecurity.org All rights reserved. Site maintained by: John Pike
CHEK News, Weather, Sports, and TV. Victoria 14°C   Home News Local News Newscasts Live & Recent Newscasts CHEK Point Vital People This Week In History Your Country, Your Story News Personalities News Links Contact News Weather Sports Local Sports Game On! WHL Hockey Highlights Auto Sports LPGA Golf Videos Links Programs TV Schedule Live & Recent Newscasts Supernatural 60 Minutes 48 Hours Bones Wheel of Fortune Jeopardy Everybody Loves Raymond King of Queens Judge Judy Hot Bench Trend Cookin’ on the Coast The Wealthy Life CHEK Around Out There Da Vinci’s Inquest Game On! Flavours of the West Coast Community Sponsorship Vital People TC10K 2017 Island Farms Victoria Day Parade Contests Your Country, Your Story Beautiful Gardens Ticket to Go! About Us Our Story Press Releases Career Opportunities Personalities Mobile Marketing Advertise Video Production Corporate Video Commercials / Video production Events Contact Menu Home News Local News Newscasts Live & Recent Newscasts CHEK Point Vital People This Week In History Your Country, Your Story News Personalities News Links Contact News Weather Sports Local Sports Game On! WHL Hockey Highlights Auto Sports LPGA Golf Videos Links Programs TV Schedule Live & Recent Newscasts Supernatural 60 Minutes 48 Hours Bones Wheel of Fortune Jeopardy Everybody Loves Raymond King of Queens Judge Judy Hot Bench Trend Cookin’ on the Coast The Wealthy Life CHEK Around Out There Da Vinci’s Inquest Game On! Flavours of the West Coast Community Sponsorship Vital People TC10K 2017 Island Farms Victoria Day Parade Contests Your Country, Your Story Beautiful Gardens Ticket to Go! About Us Our Story Press Releases Career Opportunities Personalities Mobile Marketing Advertise Video Production Corporate Video Commercials / Video production Events Contact The Wednesday news briefing: An at-a-glance survey of some top stories Posted By: The Canadian Presson: May 31, 2017In: National News Highlights from the news file for Wednesday, May 31 ——— FEDS SAY THEY ARE COMMITTED TO PARIS ACCORD: As the U.S. flirts with fleeing the Paris climate-change accord, Canada is aligning itself with the world's other two largest economies to take a global leadership role on the effort to limit greenhouse gas emissions. Environment Minister Catherine McKenna would only say Wednesday that Canada remains committed to the Paris Accord, refusing to speculate about U.S. President Donald Trump's musings about withdrawing from the agreement. "Canada's just going to keep marching on, like the rest of the world," McKenna told an event in Toronto. McKenna has said what the U.S. chooses to do is up to the U.S., but Canada won't wait. Last week in Germany, McKenna met with Chinese special envoy for climate change Xie Zhenhua and European Union environment commissioner Karmenu Vella, where they discussed jointly hosting a meeting of environment ministers this fall to chart a path for implementing Paris among the world's major economies. It very likely will take place in Canada, around the same time as the United Nations General Assembly, which starts in New York City on Sept. 12. Currently the U.S. is not part of that group. "Canada is going to show leadership with China and the EU and we certainly hope the U.S. will be joining us," McKenna told The Canadian Press in a recent interview. ——— WETTLAUFER EXPECTED TO PLEAD GUILTY TO MURDER CHARGES: A former Ontario nurse accused of killing eight seniors in her care is expected to plead guilty to first-degree murder charges in their deaths at a court appearance on Thursday. Elizabeth Wettlaufer currently faces a total of 14 charges, including eight counts of first-degree murder, four counts of attempted murder and two counts of aggravated assault. Police have alleged those crimes involved the use of certain drugs and took place over the last decade in three Ontario long-term care facilities where Wettlaufer worked as a registered nurse, and at a private home. A source close to the case tells The Canadian Press that Wettlaufer is scheduled to plead guilty to eight counts of first-degree murder in a Woodstock, Ont., court on Thursday. Wettlaufer's defence lawyer did not respond to requests for comment on the expected development. A spokeswoman with Ontario's Ministry of the Attorney General says "significant developments" are expected in the case on Thursday, but did not provide further details. ——— DEATH OF ASYLUM SEEKER 'GREATEST FEAR': Officials with an organization that helps asylum seekers say their biggest concern has been that someone could die while trying to illegally cross into Canada. Now a woman, who American officials say may have been trying to reach Manitoba on foot from the United States, has been found dead in a remote part of northwestern Minnesota. "This has been our greatest fear all along, is that people are risking their lives to make this crossing," said Maj. Rob Kerr with the Salvation Army in Winnipeg. "It's surprising now that it's happened at this point in time, at the end of May. It was our greatest fear back in February, March when it was so cold out." The Kittson County sheriff's office says the body of Mavis Otuteye, 57, was found Friday in a field close to the Canadian border near the Minnesota town of Noyes. Authorities believe Otuteye was a citizen of Ghana in western Africa. Chief deputy Matt Vig told WDAZ-TV that Otuteye was reported missing a day earlier and was likely heading to Canada on foot to try to reunite with her daughter. He said Otuteye had been living in Delaware for the last several years. Final autopsy results were pending, but Vig said preliminary results indicate she died of hypothermia. The officer said part of her body was in a shallow pool of water in a drainage ditch. ——— BUSINESS LEADERS EXPRESS CONCERN AFTER B.C. ELECTION: Some business leaders in Canada are expressing concerns that the fallout from British Columbia's election is discouraging the private sector from investing in the province. Val Litwin, the president of the B.C. Chamber of Commerce, says the promises in NDP-Green agreement to block the Trans Mountain expansion, review the Site C dam, increase the hourly minimum wage to at least $15 and hike the carbon tax have done little to calm investor nerves. Litwin says he hopes the NDP, should it form a minority government with the help of the Greens, would consult with businesses before making tax changes or raising the minimum wage as they would end up paying those costs. Gary Leach, the president of the Explorers and Producers Association of Canada, says the resolution to immediately stop Kinder Morgan's Trans Mountain expansion project would send a chilling message to investors across Canada. Liberal Premier Christy Clark has said she will recall the provincial legislature in June where she expects a confidence vote will result in the probable defeat of her government. The Liberals won 43 seats in the May 9 election, one shy of a majority, but the formal, four-year agreement between the Greens and NDP would give them 44 seats, handing them a one-seat majority. ——— SAJJAN BLASTS BOEING OVER TRADE SPAT: As he highlighted the defence industry as a driver of economic growth, Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan also used a major speech Wednesday to blast American firm Boeing for picking a trade spat with Bombardier. Sajjan said Canada is disappointed by the "unfounded" action by one of its major partners in the defence industry and he delivered that message to hundreds at a breakfast speech at a major trade show for military contractors in Ottawa. Boeing has petitioned the U.S. Commerce Department and the U.S. International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies for Bombardier's CSeries aircraft that it says have allowed the Canadian company to export planes at well below cost. Sajjan said Boeing is not behaving like a "trusted partner" and the government wants the company to withdraw the complaint. The minister said the military wants to help foster a partnership with the defence industry that allows for the development of cutting-edge equipment for Canadian soldiers. He identified four areas of focus: alternative fuels, surveillance tools, remotely piloted systems and systems to counter IEDs. ——— COMMISSIONER SAYS INQUIRY WILL RETURN TO YUKON: Chief commissioner Marion Buller says the National Inquiry into Missing and Murdered Indigenous Girls will return to Yukon, but perhaps will visit a different community next time. Buller has said previously that the inquiry will need more time and more money to complete its work, but has not said how much is needed or when the request will be made to the federal government. She says after testimony wraps up in Whitehorse this week, the commissioners will discuss how much more time is needed. As for money, Buller says the commissioners will be careful about deciding how much more to ask for because they know they are working with taxpayers' dollars. The federal government gave the commissioners a budget of about $53.9 million and asked them to complete their work by the end of 2018, but most family hearings will not take place until this fall. The commissioners heard emotional testimony on Tuesday from four families who have lost loved ones and Buller says from her perspective the day was a great success. ——— LEADERS CALL FOR RCMP TO PROBE DEATHS IN NORTHWESTERN ONTARIO: Deep distrust of police in a northwestern Ontario city has prompted area indigenous chiefs to ask for the RCMP to investigate the recent deaths of teens in the community. Three chiefs travelled to the provincial legislature Wednesday to plead for the Mounties' intervention as well as increased oversight of the police services board in Thunder Bay, Ont. They say the deaths of two teens whose bodies were pulled from local waterways earlier this month continue what they call an ongoing trend of indifference on the part of Thunder Bay police. They also noted the similar death of another indigenous person in 2015 that touched off an official probe into the force's practices around investigating the deaths or disappearances of indigenous people. Previously, the force's actions were also scrutinized at an inquest probing the deaths of seven students who had come to Thunder Bay to pursue an education beyond their remote fly-in communities. The Thunder Bay Police Services Board said it takes issue with some of the chiefs' assertions. It noted that while systemic racism is an issue plaguing indigenous communities, the problem goes well beyond relationships with police. ——— NOVA SCOTIA VOTER TURNOUT AT ALL-TIME LOW: Voter turnout in Nova Scotia slumped to an all-time low in Tuesday's provincial election, with just over half of eligible voters casting ballots. Fewer than 54 per cent of eligible voters cast ballots, a drop from the 2013 voter turnout of slightly more than 58 per cent. Premier Stephen McNeil called it "alarming," and vowed to take a "hard look" at the issue. Of the 748,633 registered electors in the province, only 400,898 cast a ballot in a race that saw McNeil win a second consecutive majority government. The urban riding of Halifax Citadel-Sable Island recorded one of the lowest voter turnouts on record, with just over 40 per cent of electors registering a vote. Cape Breton-Richmond had the biggest turnout — nearly 70 per cent. Elections Nova Scotia spokesman Andy LeBlanc says the low turnout was a disappointing departure from the strong early voting trend, in which 112,900 voters cast their ballots at advanced polls. ——— FORMER JURORS CALL FOR FEDERAL ASSISTANCE: Former jurors and New Democrat MPs are urging the federal government to create a national support system for Canadians who are called to serve as jurors. Mark Farrant says he developed post-traumatic stress disorder after serving on a jury in 2014 and wants Ottawa to take steps to ensure others don't face similar struggles. Farrant says jurors perform a significant public service, and need federal help to address the emotional toll the task can exact on their lives and families. NDP House leader Murray Rankin says his party is calling for a national standard of support for Canadians serving on juries. He says serving as a juror can be very stressful and traumatizing, and the federal government should stand behind Canadians who carry out their public duties. Farrant says he met this week in Ottawa with MPs including Bill Blair, the parliamentary secretary to Justice Minister Jody Wilson-Raybould, and officials from the Justice Department. ——— EAST COAST TOWN WANTS TO GIVE AWAY ARMOURED VEHICLE: If you're in the market for a large, tank-like vehicle, the Nova Scotia town of New Glasgow has a deal for you. The town's police chief says he wants to give away the department's Cougar light-armoured vehicle, which was a gift from the former local MP, Peter MacKay, when he was defence minister. The 10-tonne vehicle was first used by the Canadian military in the 1970s, but their fleet of Cougars has since been retired, and some were given to other militaries and police forces. New Glasgow officials have been trying to off-load the six-wheeled machine for the past six months, admitting it had rarely been used since it arrived four years ago. It was supposed to be used by the police emergency response team, but that unit was recently disbanded.  Halifax Regional Police have shown some interest in the vehicle, but talks are still underway. ———   The Canadian Press Previous Ex-nurse expected to plead guilty to 8 first-degree murder charges Next Officials warn residents to stay off of Puntledge River due to high water flows Related Articles ‘Come From Away’ wins 3 Drama Desk Awards, including outstanding musical June 04, 2017 Ottawa vigilant as Canada 150 birthday party looms after London attack: mayor June 04, 2017 Military faces intensive archival search to pinpoint gay purge numbers June 04, 2017 CP Regional News B.C. legislature in ‘uncharted territory’ as it tussles with Speaker appointment June 04, 2017 Halifax author Kris Bertin wins $10,000 Danuta Gleed Literary Award June 03, 2017 Hundreds gather to mourn B.C. fire chief killed in flooding creek June 03, 2017 First Nation applauds B.C. Law Society for removing controversial statue June 03, 2017 B.C. judge bars woman from suggesting she provides pro dentistry for pets June 02, 2017 CBC Regional News ‘If I don’t get there, that girl maybe die,’ says Surrey dog attack rescuer June 04, 2017 Highway 3 closed in both directions west of Manning Park, B.C. June 04, 2017 ‘We used to laugh every day’: 20 years after leaving CBC, Vicki Gabereau still misses it June 04, 2017 Bald eagles spotted swimming in Belcarra, B.C. June 04, 2017 ‘He held her and watched her die in his arms’: London attack victim from Castlegar, B.C. June 04, 2017 Employing humour in the workplace: is it worth the risk? June 04, 2017 Vancouver Facial Hair Club brings out the beard in people June 04, 2017 Trio ‘lucky to be alive’ after boat capsizes near Sooke, B.C. June 04, 2017 Versatile and local: Fraser Valley gogi berries are ready for picking June 04, 2017 First Nations sisters say they felt left out by B.C. school system June 04, 2017 Canadian Press Curry, Durant lead Warriors to 2-0 lead with 132-113 rout June 04, 2017 ‘Come From Away’ wins 3 Drama Desk Awards, including outstanding musical June 04, 2017 4 nations cut diplomatic ties to Qatar as Gulf rift deepens June 04, 2017 Arena giant AEG pulls out of Seattle arena process June 04, 2017 NewsAlert: Trump denounces London terror attack June 04, 2017 CHEK Sports Game On! 06/04/2017 June 04, 2017 Victoria’s Gillian Carleton peddles to grand prix victory June 04, 2017 Dozzi breaks 42-year-old high school record in thrilling finish June 04, 2017 Small’s big night leads Shamrocks over Adanacs June 03, 2017 Highlanders shut out in 2nd straight game June 03, 2017 Trio of Islanders crack Rugby Canada’s Sr. Men’s roster June 03, 2017 Former soccer player takes serendipitous route into boxing glory June 02, 2017 Hundreds of young athletes compete in 55th annual Track City Championships June 02, 2017 Tyler Dozzi aims to break over 40-year-old provincial track record June 01, 2017 Rebels and Raiders reload for 2017 BCFC season June 01, 2017 Top Stories Canadian killed in London attack identified as woman from Castlegar, B.C. June 04, 2017 Victoria pharmacy finds fentanyl in more than half of MDMA, cocaine samples June 03, 2017 Drug danger warning as B.C. overdose deaths spike June 01, 2017 Parents pull kids from class of suspended Victoria teacher May 31, 2017 Program cut could hurt thousands of students in Greater Victoria, say teachers May 31, 2017 Exploring John Horgan and Andrew Weaver’s deep roots on Vancouver Island May 30, 2017 Parents outraged suspended Victoria teacher still in classroom May 30, 2017 NDP government could benefit Vancouver Island, local leaders say May 29, 2017 Father breaks silence about Victoria teacher who had inappropriate relationship with his son May 29, 2017 Deep Bay man chooses Right to Die and will pass on Tuesday May 28, 2017 2015 Copyright CHEK Media About Us Our Story Career Opportunities Press Releases Advertise Contests Ticket to Go! Links Personalities Shows TV Schedule Jeopardy Wheel of Fortune Cookin’ on the Coast Trend Judge Judy Hot Bench CHEK Around The Wealthy Life Video Production Video Production Commercials / Video production Corporate Video Studios, Green Screen Rentals Contact Us Get the App
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Hamilton Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg News Weather National Video Contests Traffic TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos TV Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local News Weather National Video Contests Traffic Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Canada May 31, 2017 3:26 pm Three ways Donald Trump could threaten Canada-U.S. trade in June By Alexander Panetta The Canadian Press Sean Spicer rejected suggestions that Prime Minister Trudeau's threat to ban U.S. coal was stoking a "trade war" between the countries, saying there are "dispute mechanisms" in place to avoid that. What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen WASHINGTON – The multiple ways in which Donald Trump could threaten Canada-U.S. trade will be on full display this month, with a series of looming decisions and public events that hold the potential to escalate disputes. One expert counts three pathways to pain: NAFTA negotiations, punitive actions, and pressure on CEOs to shift operations to the U.S. Story continues below Gary Hufbauer says this flurry of individual actions will allow the president to point to immediate results in his “America First” agenda, giving him something to show voters in the 2018 U.S. midterm elections if NAFTA talks languish into the following year. READ MORE:  Harjit Sajjan blasts Boeing over trade spat “I think the NAFTA negotiations are going to be long, and tedious, and difficult, and not yield much fruit between now and the (midterms) in 2018,” said Hufbauer, a prominent trade analyst at Washington’s Peterson Institute. “So… these other parts of the agenda will be what Trump emphasizes when we come down to the congressional and senatorial races.” Lots is happening this month. There are at least four actions on the punitive front that Canada will be watching in June: a report on Bombardier by the Commerce Department around June 12, which could lead to duties; a decision on additional softwood-lumber duties June 23; and investigations into the national-security implications of importing steel and aluminum, which Trump says will be released in June. READ MORE: Chrystia Freeland says feds lobbying Americans hard on benefits of NAFTA There’s also a big hearing on NAFTA on June 27. The U.S. government will collect public input on what it should demand in negotiations later this year, and foreigners are invited to share submissions for the Washington event. The Canadian government is preparing for this multi-front challenge: — On Tuesday, Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan came within a whisker of threatening the U.S. company that launched the complaint against Bombardier. Ottawa has said it is reviewing plans to spend at least $5 billion on Boeing Super Hornet fighter jets. Sajjan said in a speech: “(This) is not the behaviour of a trusted partner.” — On softwood lumber, Ottawa is threatening two other trade actions. It says it might ban exports of U.S. coal from B.C., and is also studying whether the state of Oregon’s business subsidies constitute grounds for punitive action. — On steel and aluminum, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau pushed Trump during a chat in Sicily for a Canada exemption from any punitive action. The countries have relatively balanced trade in steel. In fact, Canada is by far the largest importer of U.S. steel — it took in 51 per cent of U.S. exports last year, Mexico took 39 per cent, and the next four countries took a mere one per cent each. READ MORE: Free trade, climate change on Justin Trudeau’s agenda at G7 summit in Italy The American cabinet official responsible for many of these trade actions is aware of this. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross told a congressional hearing last week: “We actually have steel surplus with Canada and Mexico, so that puts them in a little different position, as well as the fact that they are participants in NAFTA.” The Canadian government will keep taking its message on the road. Transport Minister Marc Garneau will be in Pennsylvania steel country Friday as the latest cabinet minister to travel throughout the U.S., spreading the message about US$635 billion a year in bilateral trade of goods and services, the nine million U.S. jobs related to Canadian trade, and the US$1.2 million of trade occuring every minute of the day. Garneau alone has been in Washington, D.C., Washington State, and Florida recently as the Canadian cabinet scours the continental United States is search of potential allies as these disputes arise. “It’s just making our American neighbours aware of just how much is at stake,” Garneau said in an interview. FULL COVERAGE: Softwood lumber dispute He’ll be meeting in Pittsburgh with two Republican congressman and with the head of the United Steelworkers union — Leo Gerard, who is Canadian. Gerard happened to be inside the Oval Office for the public event where Trump blasted Canadian trade in dairy, lumber, and energy. But Garneau warns against getting too exercised by this daily noise. He says he’s looking farther ahead, past June, at another big date: Aug. 16. That’s when the U.S. will have finished its NAFTA consultations and will be ready to present its demands to Canada and Mexico for the renegotiation. “The vast majority of what we’re looking at will be under NAFTA,” Garneau said in an interview. “There’s a certain amount of stuff that gets out there in the media that may not necessarily be what the United States’ final position is… “We know the art of negotiation. The real serious negotiations will be based on what is put on the table in front of us, three months from now. That’s what we will be focused on… That’s when the rubber hits the road.” Buy American is another issue on the transport minister’s mind. Domestic procurement could be a key sticking point in the NAFTA talks, and also surface as an issue in an eventual U.S. infrastructure bill. The last time it was a major irritant some Canadian companies responded by opening U.S. facilities. That’s the third kind of pressure Hufbauer expects to see, beyond sector-by-sector penalties and NAFTA harball bargaining. He says Trump already has pressed CEOs of major companies, especially in the auto sector but in others as well, with one purpose: “Threatening them to locate in the United States.” © 2017 The Canadian Press Report an error Boeing boeing bombardier dispute Bombardier Canada-US Canada-US Trade Donald Trump Justin Trudeau NAFTA Softwood lumber Editor's Picks Politics Donald Trump's Paris pull-out would put Justin Trudeau, Canadian businesses on alert, critics warn Money New GDP numbers could be bad news for Canadians with debt Canada Who wins and who loses in Ontario's decision to raise minimum wage to $15 an hour? BC election 2017 'Is John Horgan B.C.'s premier now?' And other questions, answered Canada Ontario vs. Alberta smackdown: Which will lead Canadian growth this year? Lifestyle What is sologamy and why are women doing it? Politics Canada won't stop sharing intelligence with the U.S. – but should they? FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Want to discuss? Please read our Commenting Policy first. Popular Now Brits find comic relief in images of man calmly clutching pint after London attacks 3477 Donald Trump on London attack: 'this bloodshed must end, this bloodshed will end' 1271 Huge crowds converge in Portland for Donald Trump rally, protest 903 This family of 4 is travelling the world on business class through travel rewards 416 B.C. woman identified as Canadian who died in London terror attack 344 Sponsored content Popular Videos New issues raised about new home occupancy in another Ontario community WATCH NOW Viewer Video: Tornado seen near Three Hills, Alberta WATCH NOW Ariana Grande changes One Love Manchester set for victim who died in attack WATCH NOW Family of baby boy found dead in Edmonton speak out WATCH NOW London police chief commends “extraordinary” courage of officers and victims WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Hamilton Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us @ Newsletter Youtube Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
Latest News Dow 21,206 +62.11 +0.29% Nasdaq 6,306 +58.97 +0.94% S&P 500 2,439 +9.01 +0.37% 6/04 Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, UAE sever diplomatic relations with Qatar 6/04 Updated Asian markets hold steady, shaking off U.K. tensions 6/04 Updated Herbalife to lower its quarterly sales outlook: report 6/04 Vladimir Putin was being a troll and Megyn Kelly wasn’t having it 6/04 Top Democrat says there’s smoke, but ‘no smoking gun’ yet in Russia probe 6/04 Updated This is why baby boomers are divorcing at a stunning rate 6/04 Putin denies U.S. election meddling, says he barely met Mike Flynn 6/04 Updated 4 lifestyle changes to reduce your cancer risk 6/04 Updated 9 secrets to staying young 6/04 Updated How to get all Americans to save for retirement 6/04 Updated When does the five-year rule apply to Roth IRAs? 6/04 Updated Facebook aims to be ‘hostile environment for terrorists’ 6/04 Updated You’ve probably never heard of the fastest-growing job in America (clue: it helps the environment) 6/04 Updated U.S. households now have as much debt as they had in 2008 6/04 Updated Baby boomers ruined America, according to this Generation X author 6/04 Updated Teenage boys and girls are choosing very different careers 6/04 Updated More evidence student debt is making young people think twice about marriage 6/04 Updated 11 ways to build a Paris climate change accord — in your own community 6/04 Updated Is my golfing buddy the cheapest guy in America? He asked me to Venmo him $1.50 6/04 Updated Want to help the environment? Use solar power — without putting panels on your roof Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Aerospace/Defense Boeing finds alternative to export-import bank By Doug Cameron Published: May 31, 2017 2:20 p.m. ET Share By DougCameron Boeing Co. has sealed a deal for Italy's export credit agency to provide an initial $1.25 billion a year in guarantees for jetliner sales, partly to fill the void left by the U.S. Export-Import Bank. Airlines use guarantees from export credit agencies to secure cheaper commercial funding, but the U.S. Ex-Im has been closed to deals valued at more than $10 million since July 2015 as some lawmakers blocked the appointment of a new board. During the height of the financial crisis, export-credit agencies supported as much as 30% of commercial aircraft deliveries. The total has fallen to less than 5% as Ex-Im remained on the sidelines and agencies in the U.K., Germany and France that back Airbus SE deals also halted new business because of a probe into alleged corruption. While President Donald Trump has in recent weeks reversed his prior opposition to the Ex-Im, sales supported by overseas agencies would provide additional options for Boeing customers that find it tough to secure commercial finance. The new pact with Italy's Sace SpA is the first between Boeing and an overseas export credit agency and provides a template for the company to secure similar deals with other countries that supply large parts of its jetliners, said Jon Byron, an aviation financier at Apple Bank. Sace's involvement reflects the role of Italian companies such as Leonardo SpA in providing parts for Boeing jets, which Sace said supported 12,000 jobs in the country. It sealed its first deal this month with guarantees for three 737-800 planes acquired by Turkey-based SunExpress. Boeing's best-selling jet has a list price of $98 million, though airlines typically secure large discounts. U.K. Export Finance, Britain's state-owned export agency that has long backed sales of Boeing jets powered by Rolls-Royce Holdings PLC engines, is expanding its offerings. Other countries with large Boeing suppliers -- such as Japan and South Korea -- are expected to follow the path taken by Italy, said bankers. Boeing declined to comment on any pending agreements with other agencies but said the Sace deal provided an alternative for some customers, even as the company continues to push for Ex-Im to be reopened for large deals. Airlines have traditionally been by far the largest user of Ex-Im guarantees and Boeing has led the lobbying battle to keep the bank open, claiming it is at a competitive disadvantage to Airbus without access to comparable U.S. financing. The aerospace giant has resorted to renting some jets to customers unable to secure commercial funding. Aerospace accounted for almost half of Ex-Im's business in fiscal 2015 and had been moving beyond commercial jetliners to back sales of satellites, rocket launches, business jets and helicopters, as well as aircraft repairs and other aviation services. Write to Doug Cameron at doug.cameron@wsj.com More from MarketWatch More Coverage Trump Announcement on Paris Climate Accord Most Popular Stock market bracing for potentially the most explosive stretch of trading this year Harley-Davidson is recalling 57,000 motorcycles Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400 Costco versus Amazon Prime — which membership offers more value? Trump Quits Climate Deal — Citing ‘America First’ MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Jane's 360 Jane's Airport 360 IHS.com Products Advertise Client Login Register 360 My Preference 360 Home Defence Platforms Platforms Home Air Platforms Land Platforms Sea Platforms Weapons Weapons Home Air-Launched Weapons Infantry Weapons Naval Weapons C4iSR & Missions Systems C4iSR & Missions Systems Home C4iSR: Air C4iSR: Land C4iSR: Maritime C4iSR: Joint & Common Equipment CBRNE & EOD Defence Security Country Risk Military Capabilities CBRN Assessment Terrorism & Insurgency Industry Capability Profiles Thought Leadership Multimedia Press Events Paris Air Show 2017 CANSEC 2017 IDEX 2017 INDODEFENCE 2016 Africa Aerospace & Defence 2016 Farnborough Air Show 2016 Eurosatory 2016 CANSEC 2016 SOFEX 2016 AUSA 2015 Magazines IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review More Industry Press Releases Multimedia IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review Industry HOME INDUSTRY ARTICLE CONTENT PREVIEW To read the full article, Client Login Industry Swiss panel reports on options for fighter replacement Charles Forrester - IHS Jane's Defence Weekly 01 June 2017 Switzerland is looking to replace its fleet of Boeing F/A-18 Hornets. Source: IHS Markit/Patrick Allen Key Points A Swiss panel of experts has recommended procuring 30 new aircraft and a ground-based air defence system, at a total cost of approximately CHF8 billion (USD8.2 billion) The aircraft would replace Switzerland's current fleet of Northrop F-5E Tiger IIs and Boeing F/A-18C/D Hornets Two panels tasked by the Swiss Federal Department of Defence, Civil Protection, and Sport (VBS), have reported on a number of potential options for the replacement of the country’s ageing Boeing F/A-18C/D Hornets and Northrop F-5E Tiger IIs to provide air defence and security for the country. A summary report covered the potential replacement requirements for the aircraft, as well as the role of ground-based air defence (GBAD) in protecting the country’s airspace. The panels concluded that four possible options were available for the Swiss government in looking for a replacement air defence capability: Option 1: Procurement of 55-70 new combat aircraft, in addition to a multi-layered GBAD system, which could cover an area of 45,000 sq km and protect 20 sites. Cost: CHF15-18 billion, with CHF4 billion allocated to the GBAD system. Option 2: Procurement of 40 new combat aircraft and a GBAD system, which would cover approximately 15,000 sq km, and the overall procurement would include the retention of some legacy weapons systems. Cost: CHF8 billion for aircraft, CHF1 billion for GBAD. Option 3: Procurement of 30 new combat aircraft and a multi-layered GBAD system covering 45,000 sq km , with existing GBAD resources being utilised against low-level air threats. Cost: CHF6 billion for aircraft, CHF2-2.5 billion for GBAD. Option 4: Procurement of 20 new combat aircraft and a GBAD system. Under this option, the service life on the Boeing F/A-18 C/D Hornet fleet would be extended to the early 2030s, and the GBAD system would cover 15,000 sq km and focus primarily on threats such as helicopters, unmanned aerial vehicles, and combat aircraft. Want to read more? For analysis on this article and access to all our insight content, please enquire about our subscription options:　ihs.com/contact To read the full article, Client Login (334 of 827 words) Related IHS Products IHS Jane's Defense Industry Solutions IHS Jane's Defense Industry & Market Intelligence Centre IHS Jane's Defense: News Intelligence Centre Module IHS Jane's DS Forecasting IHS Jane's Offsets Advisory Module IHS Jane's Defence Weekly EUROPE Embraer providing executive-class aircraft for military missions MILITARY CAPABILITIES Indra aims for further submarine ESM success C4ISR: JOINT & COMMON EQUIPMENT Safran to sell aerospace composites joint venture Structil INDUSTRY US Air Force awards Lockheed Martin as much as USD600 million in contracts INDUSTRY German Navy weighs up Lynx replacement options AIR PLATFORMS EUROPE Embraer providing executive-class aircraft for military missions MILITARY CAPABILITIES Indra aims for further submarine ESM success C4ISR: JOINT & COMMON EQUIPMENT Safran to sell aerospace composites joint venture Structil INDUSTRY US Air Force awards Lockheed Martin as much as USD600 million in contracts INDUSTRY German Navy weighs up Lynx replacement options AIR PLATFORMS DEFENCE INDUSTRY & MARKETS Embraer providing executive-class aircraft for military missions INDUSTRY Shangri-La Dialogue: Countries evolve Five Power Defence Arrangements amid concerns over Islamic State INDUSTRY USN: Increasing service life of in-service ships key to 355-ship navy INDUSTRY India and Russia pledge to deepen defence industrial relationship INDUSTRY South Korea to start mass producing Raybolt missile system INDUSTRY DEFENCE INDUSTRY & MARKETS Embraer providing executive-class aircraft for military missions MILITARY CAPABILITIES Shangri-La Dialogue: Countries evolve Five Power Defence Arrangements amid concerns over Islamic State INDUSTRY USN: Increasing service life of in-service ships key to 355-ship navy SEA PLATFORMS India and Russia pledge to deepen defence industrial relationship INDUSTRY South Korea to start mass producing Raybolt missile system INDUSTRY IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Embraer providing executive-class aircraft for military missions IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Shangri-La Dialogue: Countries evolve Five Power Defence Arrangements amid concerns over Islamic State IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY USN: Increasing service life of in-service ships key to 355-ship navy IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY US creating database with serial numbers for arms given to Syrian Kurds IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY US-led coalition says pro-government forces continue to threaten Syrian base IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Embraer providing executive-class aircraft for military missions MILITARY CAPABILITIES Shangri-La Dialogue: Countries evolve Five Power Defence Arrangements amid concerns over Islamic State INDUSTRY USN: Increasing service life of in-service ships key to 355-ship navy SEA PLATFORMS US creating database with serial numbers for arms given to Syrian Kurds MILITARY CAPABILITIES US-led coalition says pro-government forces continue to threaten Syrian base COUNTRY RISK FEATURED REPORT Hybrid warfare: An evolving threat As NATO prepares for its next summit at the end of the month, Brooks Tigner reports on the persistent threat that hybrid warfare presents to NATO and EU forces Download here ADVERTISEMENT Interested in subscribing to complete IHS content? Call us Americas: +1 844 301 7334 Asia-Pacific: +604 291 3763 Europe, Africa & Middle East: +44 (0)1344 328 155 ihs.com/contact Industry Links IHS Jane's is not responsible for the content within or linking from Industry Links pages. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT BACK TO TOP Home Defence Security Industry Multimedia Industry Press Releases Events Magazines Jane's 360 Editorial Team Advertising Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map 360 Websites Jane's Airport 360 IHS IHS.com About IHS A-Z Products Contact Us Copyright © 2017 IHS. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited.  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Sign In  /  Sign Up Invalid Email-Id Or Password!!! Email-Id  :       Password  :   Forgot Password? Note:By clicking "Log in", you are agreeing to the terms of the Jane’s Data Terms and Conditions for Subscriptions About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Register with Jane’s 360 today and join a global community of defence professionals benefiting from our news and insights. You will only need to complete this once. Title * Mr Mrs Miss Ms    Email * First Name *    Password * Last Name *    Company * Job Function * Administration Analyst Academic Consultant CEO Director Engineer Finance Military Management Purchasing Scientist Sales Strategy Student Retired VP    Address * Sector * Army Navy Air Force MOD/DOD Other Ministries Government Military Organisations Non Military Organisations Industry/Manufacturing Education/Research/Library Legal/Consulting/Other Professional Services Security Airport & Airport Service Providers    State/Province * City *    Country * United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Ascension Islands Aland Islands Albania Algeria America Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burma Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China, Peoples Republic Of Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Democratic Republic of The Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire Croatia Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Diego Garcia Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic Of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic Of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia St. Martin (French) St Maarten (Dutch) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Sudan South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic Of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, US Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zaire Zambia Zimbabwe Post/Zip *    Phone Number Jane’s Defence Weekly Jane’s International Defence review Jane’s Airport Review Jane’s Navy International Please select the newsletters you would like to receive. Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Defence      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Security      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Air Forces Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Land Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Naval Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Airport Jane's 360      Airport 360 Jane’s may also share the information you provide with carefully selected third party companies. Please indicate if you wish to be excluded from receiving third party communications. phone mail e-mail By submitting this request, I agree with the Jane’s email and privacy policy .     About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s -- Modal content -->  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Enter your Email-id to retrieve your password Invalid Email-Id!!! Email-Id  :       Note:By clicking "Log in", you are agreeing to the terms of the Jane’s Data Terms and Conditions for Subscriptions About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Register with Jane’s 360 today and join a global community of defence professionals benefiting from our news and insights. You will only need to complete this once. Title * Mr Mrs Miss Ms    Email * First Name *    Password * Last Name *    Company * Job Function * Administration Analyst Academic Consultant CEO Director Engineer Finance Military Management Purchasing Scientist Sales Strategy Student Retired VP    Address * Sector * Army Navy Air Force MOD/DOD Other Ministries Government Military Organisations Non Military Organisations Industry/Manufacturing Education/Research/Library Legal/Consulting/Other Professional Services Security Airport & Airport Service Providers    State/Province * City *    Country * United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Ascension Islands Aland Islands Albania Algeria America Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burma Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China, Peoples Republic Of Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Democratic Republic of The Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire Croatia Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Diego Garcia Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic Of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic Of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia St. Martin (French) St Maarten (Dutch) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Sudan South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic Of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, US Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zaire Zambia Zimbabwe Post/Zip *    Phone Number Jane’s Defence Weekly Jane’s International Defence review Jane’s Airport Review Jane’s Navy International Please select the newsletters you would like to receive. Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Defence      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Security      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Air Forces Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Land Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Naval Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Airport Jane's 360      Airport 360 Jane’s may also share the information you provide with carefully selected third party companies. Please indicate if you wish to be excluded from receiving third party communications. phone mail e-mail By submitting this request, I agree with the Jane’s email and privacy policy .     About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s
Photos Videos Topics Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Cricket Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education Health TRENDING# ICC Champions Trophy 2017 Cow Slaughter Kulbhushan Jadhav Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 News Business News Jet plans to take on lease up to 8 single aisle aircraft Shares0 Wed, 31 May 2017-08:08pm , PTI Private carrier Jet Airways today said it plans to lease 6-8 single aisle aircraft in the fleet this fiscal. The airline has already leased one B-737NG of these planes this fiscal and the rest will be inducted in the fleet by March next year, the Naresh Goyal-promoted carrier said. The city-headquartered airline currently has 103 aircraft in the fleet, with 69 of them B-737s. "Our new fleet of Boeing B737-Max will come from June next year onwards. This year, we plan to take anything between 6-8 aircraft from the open lease market and induct in the fleet, primarily B 737NGs," Jet Airways Chief Financial Officer and acting CEO, Amit Agarwal said during a post- earnings analysts call here. "We have already added one (such) aircraft into the fleet," he added. Je Airways had, in 2015, announced an order for 75 Boeing 737 Max aircraft as a part of its fleet replacement strategy. Delivery of these planes is to commence from next year. Jet Airways has reported nearly 95 per cent fall in consolidated net profit at Rs 23 crore in the three months ended March 2017 as higher fuel prices and lower fares took a toll on its bottomline. In fact, if the other incomes of Rs 310.45 crore, which include income from transfer of frequent flyer programme, sale and leaseback income and real estate income are removed, then its a net loss of Rs 287 crore. The airline plans to reduce debt by USD 200 million by this fiscal, Agarwal said, adding it was cut by Rs 1,900 crore in the last fiscal. "The company has continued to focus on reducing debt despite challenging situation in the market place. The company has been able to reduce its net debt by Rs 468 crore in Q4FY17 and over all by Rs 1,900 crore during the fiscal 2016-17," the official said. According to Jet Airways, its net debt on balancesheet stood at Rs 9035 crore or USD 1.4 billion at the end of March this year. Agarwal also said that the airline is evaluating its participation in the central Government's regional connectivity scheme, UDAN. "In the first round we had not bid for the RCS routes. In the second round, we will continue to evaluate whether it makes sense for us, especially when we are a network carrier," he said adding the airline has to asses as to see how it benefit its network. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Business New benchmark bond seen in 6.65-6.75% range Business Nifty band may stretch past 9700 Business Innovating a tech-led approach to realty Business Linde-Praxair deal to stir industrial gases space in India Business CEO's Malaysia experience led to Mercedes-Benz cut price Business Govt moves to get clearer picture of India's job market Next Article > Finance Ministry allowed WiFi facility, but not us: DoPT Next node Finance Ministry allowed WiFi facility, but not us: DoPT Related All aboard! After SpiceJet, IndiGo and Jet Airways offer cheap airline tickets DNA Money Edit: SpiceJet, IndiGo plans signal confidence in Udan IndiGo to buy 50 ATR planes for $1.3 billion Zee Biz Originals View all Wipro chief Premji's salary drops 63% to $1,21,853 in FY17 Lenders have given us time till December, says RCom’s Anil Ambani What will India's FY18 GDP growth look like? GDP disappointed, will GST be a surprise for Indian economy? Video WATCH: THIS video of Kareena Kapoor Khan and baby Taimur waving to the media has gone VIRAL! Menstrual Hygiene Day | Watch how this mother educated her child about menstruation Bleed with pride: Watch this woman's powerful video against menstruation stigma View all Tags Jet Airways Amit Agarwal Boeing RCS SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News S. Arabia, UAE, Egypt and Bahrain cut diplomatic ties with Qatar over 'terrorism' 'Enough is enough' PM May says after London attackers kill seven Saudi Arabia, Egypt, UAE sever ties to Qatar over 'terrorism' South Korea will return four North Koreans "if they want to go back" Hamas leader in Cairo for talks with Egyptian officials Sport Rugby-O'Driscoll incident back in focus at Blues team naming NBA-James struggles to find any positives after another big defeat Dominic Thiem demolishes Zeballos to march into French Open quarters Rugby-Patience needed for Australia's rookie coaches, says Byrne NBA Finals: Golden State Warriors take 2-0 lead over Cleveland Cavaliers Entertainment Ariana Grande gets emotional as she closes One Love Manchester concert Tight security and tears at benefit concert for Manchester bomb victims Ariana, others perform in Manchester as tribute to attack victims Ariana Grande returns to Manchester stage for benefit show Salman Khan’s Tubelight will be screened in Germany Money Rupee rises 12 paise against dollar at 64.32 in early trade Airlines' standoff in Venezuela getting worse as crisis deepens - IATA FOREX-Dollar nurses losses after downbeat US jobs data, pound edges lower World Bank sees improving global economy but risks remain World Bank says trade, manufacturing to boost 2017 global growth Partner Sites: Zee News Hindi News Marathi News Bengali News Tamil News Malayalam News Zee Business WION ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Harris Corporation to Supply Boeing with Sonobuoy Launchers for Maritime Patrol Aircraft MELBOURNE, Fla.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Harris Corporation (NYSE:HRS) has been awarded contracts to provide Boeing (NYSE:BA) with sonobuoy launching technology for the U.S. Navy’s P-8A anti-submarine aircraft. The contracts were awarded during the third quarter of Harris’ fiscal 2017. Harris will provide single-shot and rotary launchers capable of rapidly deploying up to ten sonobuoys. The lightweight, pneumatic launchers will enable 49 P-8As for U.S., Australian and United Kingdom aircraft to safely and effectively deploy sonobuoys, which are essential to conducting underwater acoustic surveillance. “The P-8A will be at the center of the U.S. and its allies’ anti-submarine and anti-surface warfare missions for the foreseeable future,” said Ed Zoiss, president, Harris Electronic Systems. “Harris technology dramatically improves on existing sonobuoy launching capabilities, helping to enable this important mission.” About Harris Corporation Harris Corporation is a leading technology innovator, solving customers’ toughest mission-critical challenges by providing solutions that connect, inform and protect. Harris supports government and commercial customers in more than 100 countries and has approximately $6 billion in annual revenue. The company is organized into three business segments: Communication Systems, Space and Intelligence Systems and Electronic Systems. Learn more at harris.com. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements that reflect management’s current expectations, assumptions and estimates of future performance and economic conditions. Such statements are made in reliance upon the safe harbor provisions of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The company cautions investors that any forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results and future trends to differ materially from those matters expressed in or implied by such forward-looking statements. Statements about the value or expected value of orders, contracts or programs are forward-looking and involve risk and uncertainties. Harris disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Saint Anselm College Selects TIAA as Sole Recordkeeper Next PostNext NCR Brings SelfServ 80 Series ATMs to Turkey Search Recent Posts Having a say in the future Atherton suffers dislocated shoulder as UCI Mountain Bike World Cup record run ends Welcome 2017 with Fosjoas K1 Intelligent Electric Skateboards Tenable Delivers the First Vulnerability Management Platform to Unify IT and OT Security for the Full Range of Traditional and Modern Assets The Philip J. DiNenno Prize awarded for the development and commercialization of Very Early Smoke Detection Apparatus Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Gli altri portali Notizie a Confronto Comunicati Stampa Social News Offerte di Lavoro Social News Sezioni Toggle navigation In Primo Piano Tutte le Sezioni Politica Cronaca Esteri Economia Spettacolo... Scienza... Salute Sport Questo sito usa i cookie per garantire una migliore qualità del servizio agli utenti. Continuando la navigazione, si considera implicitamente accettato il loro utilizzo. Privacy Cronaca Turkish Airlines receives its 30th 777-300ER from Boeing 31/05/2017 - 11:47 The 777-300ER’ arrival, the latest addition to the European carrier’s growing fleet of more than 100 Boeing airplanes, also comes into prominence as a highly significant delivery for the carrier as it is the first aircraft to feature seats by Turkish Seats Industries (TSI), a complete Turkish brand through a close collaboration with Boeing. TSI, the first locally aircraft seat producer in Turkey, which is a joint venture between Turkish Airlines and Assan Hanil, aims to play a key role in the global aircraft seat market with its innovative, lightweight, quality products. Maggiori dettagli inviato da stattimes nella categoria Cronaca Segnala se offensiva Altri articoli di possibile interesse: 1958 Video Premier Pèlerinage Militaire à #Lourdes 20/05/2017 22:38 - Premier Pèlerinage Militaire International à Lourdes Lourdes, France. Representatives of the International Military community make pilgrimage to Lourdes. First visit to the Holy Grotto of the military… (volontaridilourdes) Vertical Roller Mills 01/06/2017 05:11 - Recently, * ST Kun machine initiative to disclose the company suspected of financial fraud, regulatory inquiries, the investigation followed. March 24 afternoon, the regular meeting of the Commission,… (yoyocrusher) What Are The Four P’s Of Marketing? 04/05/2017 09:00 - The marketing mix is one of the classic elements of marketing, a term created by McCarthy in 1960, which is used to encompass its four primary components. These four variables are also known as the… (kartoon3d) Best Wet Wipes Supplier in China | Non woven Sourcing from China 15/05/2017 09:56 - With the improvement of consumer life quality  and development of health habits,wet wipes have been gradually because a daily necessity.Sometimes we also call it wet tissue. The main ingredients of… (sourcingagent) Segui fai informazione su Fai Informazione - Social News fai informazione sul tuo sito   fai informazione widget Desideri pubblicare le notizie di fai informazione sul tuo sito? Sei libero di farlo.   Scopri come... offerte di lavoro La sezione lavoro di informazione.it raccoglie ed aggrega in tempo reale le offerte di lavoro delle principali aziende di recruiting operanti in Italia. Che cos'è fai informazione Come usare fai informazione Termini e condizioni d'uso Come contattarci Sviluppo Web/App fai informazione sul tuo sito Pubblicato da Informazione.it srl P.I./C.F. 01982050500 Tutela della privacy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman UAV Drones Market Size Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis by 2022 Market Size Forecasters released a new research report of 120 pages on title ‘Global UAV Drones Market Professional Survey Report 2017’ with detailed analysis, forecast and strategies. The study covers important manufacturer such as including covering are Boeing, PARROT, 3DR This report studies UAV Drones in Global market, especially in North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan and India, with production, revenue, consumption, import and export in these regions, from 2012 to 2016, and forecast to 2022. This report focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering Boeing, PARROT, 3DR, Titan Aerospace, AAI, Northrop Grumman Request a sample copy of UAV Drones Market Research Report @ marketsizeforecasters.com/get-sample/70607/?utm_source=OP… By types, the market can be split into Up To 25 Kg, Up To 150 Kg, Up To 600 Kg, Above 600 Kg By Application, the market can be split into Military UAV, Civilian UAV By Regions, this report covers (we can add the regions/countries as you want) North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan, India Request Discount for UAV Drones Market Research Report @ marketsizeforecasters.com/enquire-for-discount/70607/?utm… Table of Contents in UAV Drones Market Research Report Industry Overview of UAV Drones Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of UAV Drones Technical Data and Manufacturing Plants Analysis of UAV Drones Global UAV Drones Overall Market Overview UAV Drones Regional Market Analysis Global 2012-2017 UAV Drones Segment Market Analysis (by Type) Browse full table of contents and data tables For UAV Drones Market Report @ marketsizeforecasters.com/global-uav-drones-market Related Reports: – Global Aviation Actuation System Market 2017-2021 An aircraft actuator, like any other actuator systems, is a component of a machine which is responsible for moving or controlling a mechanism. It works in response to a control signal and a source of energy, which is usually of low magnitude. It can be of various kinds such as electric voltage or current and pneumatic or hydraulic pressure. marketsizeforecasters.com/global-aviation-actuation-syste… MarketSizeForecasters.com, a Skyline Market Research LLP brand, is an online aggregator of market research reports. MarketSizeForecasters.com offers a comprehensive collection of full length reports on global and regional markets in 100+ industry verticals. We have partnered with some of the leading business and market research publishing houses and regularly update our online library to offer wide range of reports to our customers. Market size forecasters The Green Suite #4594, Dover, DE 19901 United States Phone: 1-201-355-0868 US Toll Free: 1-866-764-2150 Email: sales@marketsizeforecasters.com Website: marketsizeforecasters.com/ NEWS: marketsizeforecasters.com/news This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsIndustry, Real Estate & Construction Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Dont Roll Out the Red Carpet for Vietnams Autocratic Leader Next PostNext New Study: Analysis of the Glyphosate Market to be more than USD 240 million for the period of 2015-2020 Search Recent Posts Honda arrasa en la carrera inaugural en Detroit CAIR-Columbus to Seek Hate Crime Probe, Arrest of Suspect Following Beating of Ohio Muslim Woman Alleged attacker reportedly screamed you all will be shipped back to Africa prior to beating 12 Volt Technology Offers Branded Solar Panels in a Variety of Technical Specifications IBM Announces Partnership with Baheal Group to Bring Watson for Oncology to China NuVista Energy Ltd. Provides Update on Planned Maintenance Outages and Quarterly Production Ranges, Reaffirms Full Year 2017 Production and Funds from Operations Guidance Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
ROS LBoard 1 Zakir Naik accuses India’s Hindu leaders of hypocrisy FMT Reporters Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US Passenger plane overshoots runway in eastern Indonesia AFP | May 31, 2017 No one was hurt after the Boeing aircraft operated by domestic carrier Sriwijaya Air overshot the wet runway at the airport in Manokwari city, said transport ministry spokesman J. Adravida Barata. JAKARTA: A Indonesian passenger plane carrying 146 people skidded off the runway as it landed in the eastern Papua region Wednesday, an official said, the latest mishap to hit the country’s aviation sector. No one was hurt after the Boeing aircraft operated by domestic carrier Sriwijaya Air overshot the wet runway at the airport in Manokwari city, said transport ministry spokesman J. Adravida Barata. TV footage showed people being evacuated from the plane, as it rested on its belly on grass next to the runway. The airport will be closed for several hours so that the plane can be removed, Barata added. It is just the latest of many accidents for Indonesia’s air transport sector. In February, a Sriwijaya plane carrying 192 people from China to Bali was forced to turn back after the crew realised one of its doors was not properly closed. In the same month, a passenger plane operated by Indonesian flag carrier Garuda skidded off the runway as it landed at the airport serving the city of Yogyakarta in heavy rain. The aviation sector has been booming in recent years as a growing middle class increasingly use planes to get around the vast archipelago, but critics say safety standards have not kept pace with the expansion. Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story Sivarasa: No speech, just Ramadan wishes in mosque Indonesian ‘rainbow village’ is internet sensation Explore topics special ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News 2 snatch thieves caught after colliding with car PAS ajak sekat perhimpunan ‘Kristian Zionis’ di… Thousands may lose jobs in RHB-AmBank merger What’s happened to DAP’s principles? Ketua Puteri Umno nasihat Dr M menang dulu PRU ‘Stomp on Sivarasa’ campaign fails to rile MP Dakwaan Shafee terima RM9.5 juta mudah disiasat, PAS… Tipu helah budak lelaki halau 4 anjing jalanan Do you have a strategy for your twilight years? Chinese investors turn to the king of fruits ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB Alcohol in flights, a rejoinder Making football great again with 2 memorable finals The perennial dilemma of language and losing our culture The new silk road: Dancing with dragons? Negara perlukan ‘pemandu baru’, PAS sedia ganti BN Goodbye wordsmith Rehman Rashid More... FMT Bahasa Putera Harry buka puasa di Singapura Saudi dan negara Arab lain putus hubungan dengan Qatar PAS ajak sekat perhimpunan ‘Kristian Zionis’ di Melaka Pakar: Beribu kakitangan boleh hilang kerja jika RHB, Ambank bergabung Rakyat Singapura disuruh bersikap toleran, tiada ‘tapi’ dan ‘kalau’ Dakwaan Shafee terima RM9.5 juta mudah disiasat, PAS beritahu SPRM More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
English Hindi Gujarati App Subscription Specials Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Stocks Feedback Sign in Keep me signed in Forgot password? connect with Don’t have an account? My Profile My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages My Alerts Register New to Moneycontrol - Sign up now Its easy and FREE! Username should be atleast 4 characters Username available Username not available Suggested Usernames Password should be 8 or more characters,atleast 1 number, 1 symbol (except #) & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Keep me signed in OR connect with Logout Login Register My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages Sign out Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 View All Select Language English हिंदी गुजराती Home News Markets Portfolio Watchlist Forum Live TV & Shows Videos Saved Videos Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds Personal Finance Property Specials Invest Now Master Your Money SME Special Real Assets Travel Cafe Tech Control Subscriptions Game Changers Sudarshan Sukhani C. K. Narayan T Gnanasekar Ambareesh Baliga Mecklai Financial Investment Watch Power Your Trade Home Companies Economy Politics Interviews Cricket World Announcements News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Politics India World Technology Startups Markets Home Pre-Market Advice Technicals F&O Results IPO All Stats Global Markets Currencies Bonds Tools Terminal Mutual Funds Home Learn Evaluate Buy Track Tools Interact ETFs Investment Watch PowerYourTrade Apps Commodities Startups Opinion Property Home Rates Experts Tools FAQs Real Assets Personal Finance Home Planning Investing Insurance Tax Retirement Loans Credit Cards Real Estate Fixed Income Master Your Money Portfolio Forum Gallery Live TV CNBC-TV18 All Stocks App Subscriptions Specials Feedback Qutoes Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 Farma x India INE890I01035, FARMAXIND, 590094 Solar Farma chem , 524360 More » you are here: HomeNewsWorld May 31, 2017 07:44 AM IST | Source: Reuters US proposes fining United Airlines $435,000 over 2014 flights The FAA alleged that in June 2014, United mechanics replaced a fuel pump pressure switch on the Boeing Co aircraft but failed to perform a required inspection before returning the aircraft to service. The US Federal Aviation Administration proposed fining United Airlines $435,000 for operating 23 flights in 2014 with a Boeing 787 that the government alleged was not in airworthy condition. The FAA alleged that in June 2014, United mechanics replaced a fuel pump pressure switch on the Boeing Co aircraft but failed to perform a required inspection before returning the aircraft to service.A United spokesman said, "The safety of our customers and employees is our top priority. We immediately took action after identifying the issue and are working closely with the FAA in their review." tags #United Airlines #US Federal Aviation Administration #World News Related news Business Bahrain cuts diplomatic ties to Qatar as Gulf rift deepens Jun 05, 2017 08:37 AM Business 12 arrested in London's night of terror, IS claims attack Jun 05, 2017 08:24 AM Business World Bank sees improving global economy but risks remain Jun 05, 2017 07:45 AM Business London attackers kill seven, Theresa May says 'enough is enough' Jun 04, 2017 04:47 PM Business UK polls to go ahead on Jun 8; May condemns extremism Jun 04, 2017 04:40 PM Business World's fastest elevator to be installed in China Jun 04, 2017 01:33 PM World Militants plow van into London Bridge crowd, stab revelers, killing six Jun 04, 2017 11:50 AM Business Trump underscores travel ban in view of London attacks Jun 04, 2017 09:45 AM World South Africa asks US to reconsider Paris accord decision Jun 03, 2017 07:48 PM News Most Popular Top News How Ravi Narain built the NSE, and then lost his grip Book profits @ 9700 on Nifty; 5 stocks which can return up to 14% in short term Wipro chief Azim Premji took home 63% less salary, zero commission in FY17 What green initiatives are banks taking towards climate change? Jaitley defends 4-slab GST structure, says single rate would have been disastrous Sensex mantra: 5 golden rules to remember when mkt trades in ‘Boom’ cycle Market Live: Sensex, Nifty open flat after GST Council meet; Sun Pharma leads Stocks in the news: Lupin, Satin Credit, Selan, GVK, Linde, Fortis, Welspun Ent see more Video of the day Hands off pharma, FMCG could be the next growth area: Avendus Cap's Andrew Holland Portfolio Markets Watchlist Live TV Show Currencies Commodities Fixed Income Personal Finance Mutual Fund Stock Market India IPO Global Market Budget 2017 BSE Sensex Forum News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Startups Stocks: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z | Others Mutual Funds: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z Visit the App Store to see all our apps: Tools Retirement Planning EMI Calculator SIP Calculator SIP Planner Useful Links Budget 2016 Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Best Portfolio Manager Small Savings Schemes Bonds Specials Master Your Money Game Changers Travelcafe SME Special Investment Watch PowerYourTrade MoneyBhai Focus Grow My Money GE Step Ahead SME Step Up Feedback & Info feedback@moneycontrol.com About us | Contact Us | Feedback | Disclaimer | Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | Careers | Financial Terms (Glossary) | FAQs | Sitemap | RSS Feed Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Sections » Home » Forum » IPO » Markets » Mutual Funds » Budget 2017 » Commodities » Real Asset » News » Currencies » SME Special » Portfolio » Fixed Income » Watchlist » Property » Stock List » MF List » Glossary » Sitemap » Live TV & Shows » Personal Finance » PowerYourTrade Desktop Version » Follow us on Available On Disclaimer | Terms of Use | Privacy Statement | FAQs | Sitemap | Feedback Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd All rights resderved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Faizan Javed
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider   Welcome, {username} Profile | Login Fox News U.S. Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air Veterans California veteran, 95, gets final B-29 mission Published May 30, 2017 Fox News Facebook Twitter Email Print Jack Keane, a retired lieutenant colonel, once piloted B-24s and B-29s as a member of the U.S. Army Air Corp and U.S. Army Air Forces during World War II. Keene, 95, participated in 50 bombing missions and flew 100 missions transporting supplies over the Himalayas. Despite his lengthy resume, Keene got a chance to fly up in a Boeing B-29 one last time on April 29, according to The Orange County Register. 95-year-old Irvine veteran gets one more mission on a B-29 https://t.co/O3NpZjAQ05 pic.twitter.com/Z6xQPbRoZk— O.C. Register (@ocregister) May 30, 2017 As part of a fleet of World War II-era aircraft on the Commemorative Air Force AirPower History Tour, Keene flew in a Boeing B-29 Superfortress named FIFI at the Camarillo Airport. FIFI, along with one other remaining airworthy B-29, makes stops at airports throughout the country as part of the tour. VETERANS MAKE IT THEIR MISSION TO CLEAN UP HISTORIC CEMETERY Still, the flight didn’t go exactly as Keene would have preferred, his grandson told the Register. “He was very upset that he couldn’t fly the plane,” Grant Keene said. “Even told the pilot how many more (flying) hours he had than the guy.” The elder Keene received two Distinguished Unit Citations and multiple Air Medals during his time in the service. Going up in the B-29 allowed his family to get a glimpse into his experience as a pilot. “I always appreciated machinery and aircraft and I always loved my grandfather,” Grant Keene said. “For me it was a way to live through his experiences.” Advertisement Trending in US Portland pro-Trump, anti-Trump demonstrations converge, sparking violence Illinois man jumps into moving car to save a stranger's life: See the video North Carolina boat exploded after gas was pumped into fishing rod holder Disability attorney who stole $600M from the government disappears, FBI says Georgia authorities hunt for escaped inmate in Atlanta area Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Newsletters Alerts Podcasts Radio Apps & Products About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Help Email Newsroom Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. 2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.
EDITION US NEWS Highline Science Education Weird News Business TestKitchen Tech College Media POLITICS Pollster Heroin Epidemic Donald Trump Racial Inequality US Senate Election Results HuffPost Hill Police Brutality Hate Crimes Supreme Court Congress So That Happened ENTERTAINMENT Entertainment Comedy Celebrity TV Arts + Culture Backspace Movies LIFESTYLE Healthy Living Travel Style Taste Home Relationships Horoscopes VOICES Black Voices Latino Voices Women Fifty Queer Voices Parents IMPACT Reclaim Project Zero Good News VIDEO NEWSLETTERS FEATURED OWN Paving the Way The Power Of Humanity Retire Well Sleep + Wellness What's Working: Purpose + Profit WorldPost MORE Books Candidate Confessional College Crime Divorce Eat the Press Education Green Outspeak Religion Small Business Sports Teen Weddings Arabi Australia Brasil Canada Deutschland España France Greece India Italia Japan Korea Maghreb México Québec South Africa United Kingdom United States Close TRAVEL 05/30/2017 08:21 pm ET United May Get Fined $435,000 For Operating Plane That Wasn't 'Airworthy' The airline used that aircraft 23 times in 2014. By Suzy Strutner United Airlines seriously can’t catch a break.  The U.S. Federal Aviation Administration on Tuesday proposed fining United $435,000 for operating 23 flights in 2014 with a Boeing 787 that the government alleged was not in airworthy condition. The news comes about seven weeks after the fateful incident in which officers dragged a passenger off a plane when he refused to give up his seat for a United employee. The FAA alleged that back in June 2014, United mechanics replaced a fuel pump pressure switch on the Boeing aircraft but failed to perform a required inspection before returning the aircraft to service. A United spokesman said, “The safety of our customers and employees is our top priority. We immediately took action after identifying the issue and are working closely with the FAA in their review.” United has faced public backlash in the wake of April’s incident, which was followed by more public relations fiascos including the death of a large rabbit on a United flight. Last week, a gay dad said he planned to sue the airline after a flight attendant allegedly accused him of molesting his son. Reuters contributed to this report. ALSO ON HUFFPOST The 10 Best Coach-Class Airlines in the World The 10 Best Coach-Class Airlines in the World The 10 Best Coach-Class Airlines in the World 1 of 12 Best Overall Coach-Class Airline in North America: JetBlue Even after the current downgrading, JetBlue's extra legroom still beats any other airline. The de facto charge for a checked bag, at $15 over the minimum fare, is less than on most other airlines. The satellite-based Wi-Fi is free, at slow speeds, and $9 an hour for enough bandwidth to stream movies. And seats in JetBlue's Airbus planes are an inch wider than on any competitors' 737s. Related: 7 Embarrassing Travel Gadgets That Actually Work(Photo: JetBlue) Share this slide: Suggest a correction Suzy Strutner Lifestyle Editor, HuffPost MORE: U.S. News International News United Airlines Aviation Industry Physics Close SUBSCRIBE TO & FOLLOW LIFESTYLE We’re basically your best friend… with better taste. Learn more Newsletter 1.67 M 431 K 479 K Podcast Add us on Snapchat United May Get Fined $435,000 For Operating Plane That Wasn't 'Airworthy' CONVERSATIONS ABOUT US ADVERTISE About Our Ads Contact Us RSS FAQ Careers Archive User Agreement Privacy Policy Comment Policy Copyright © 2017 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc.    "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved. Part of HuffPost Lifestyle
  News Magazines Events Industry Calendar Products   Home >> News: June 1st, 2017 >> Story Satnews Daily June 1st, 2017 Bon Chance! Arianespace Celebrates Launch of ViaSat-2 and EUTELSAT 172B Bon chance! and indeed, all went well on a June 1 evening for the Ariane 5 whisking its payload to get ready to transfer the dual-satellite payload of ViaSat-2 and EUTELSAT 172B into geostationary transfer orbit. Liftoff of the Ariane 5 took place at the opening of a one hour window, with the launch marked 23:45 UTC at the Kourou spaceport in French Guiana. This is Arianespace’s sixth mission overall in 2017 in which ViaSat-2 will be released first which is designated Flight VA237 in Arianespace’s launcher family numbering system. The spacecraft, with a liftoff mass estimated at 6,418 kg., will be operated from an orbital position of 70 degrees West by ViaSat, a global broadband services and technology company based in Carlsbad, California. The Boeing-built ViaSat-2 relay platform is designed to bring considerable improvements in terms of speed, lower costs and extended broadband coverage within its footprint, which includes North and Central America, plus the Caribbean, northern South America, and the aeronautical and maritime routes in the Atlantic Ocean between North America and Europe. Completing Flight VA237 will be EUTELSAT 172B’s deployment by Ariane 5. This spacecraft will join the fleet of Paris-based Eutelsat, a leading satellite operator in Europe, the Middle East and Africa, and has a liftoff mass set at 3,551 kg. EUTELSAT 172B is to be located at an orbital position of 172 deg. East for Asia-Pacific reach over land and sea from Alaska to Australia, delivering increased capacity for fast-growing applications that include in-flight and maritime connectivity, cellular backhaul, corporate networks, video distribution and government services. The spacecraft was built by Airbus as the initial all-electric telecommunications satellite produced in Europe—and the first of its type to be orbited by Ariane 5. Topical Tags :  Agencies    Launch    Consumer Applications    Satellite Operator    Service Provider      Regional Tags :  Asia/Asia Pacific    Europe    North America             FREE SUBSCRIPTION Today's Top News Success for Airbus Safran Launchers and Arianespace as They Celebrate Third Launch ViaSat Celebrates Successful Launch and Even the First Signals from ViaSat-2  Inmarsat Signs On Thales Alenia Space to Build Their Next GX Satellite HISPASAT Parts Ways with the Thales Alenia Space-Built Hispasat 1C Satellite SpaceX's Dragon Re-Play Is a Success ... Launch for Resupply of ISS More News C-COM's Good News ... Listed Again in Branham300 of Canada's Top ICT Companies Investment Grant Comes to NanoAvionics for their Smallsat Propulsion System 'Carry On' Says NASA to Blue Canyon Technologies’ RAVAN Cubesat New Signal Generator Debuts from Rohde & Schwarz SkyVision Bringing Gateway Stations to Global IP's GiSat-1 Satellite Network Enhanced Training Data Accuracy from East View Geospatial Orbit Logic's SpyMeSat App Now Offers SAR and 40cm Satellite Imagery Last Week's Top Stories Plug is Pulled ... No-Go for Intelsat and OneWeb Merger ... and Intelsat's Statement It's a G'day for Aussies as First Satellite in 15 Years Released from ISS ... However SpaceX Moves Launch of Iridium's NEXT Satellite Constellation Ahead of Schedule ... 10 at One Time December Set for Launch of Bangladesh's First Satellite RUAG Space and VIPs Celebrate Decatur, Alabama Manufacturing Facility Totaling Four US Locations ISRO Getting "Heavy" with GSLV Mk III Launch ILS Announces, After a Year's Delay, EchoStar XXI Will Finally Launch Bon Chance! Arianespace Celebrates Launch of ViaSat-2 and EUTELSAT 172B 'Carry On' Says NASA to Blue Canyon Technologies’ RAVAN Cubesat GomSpace to Deliver Two Smallsats to SpaceQuest News Topics All Topics Agencies Analysis/Reports Business Moves Consumer Applications Events Executive Moves Finance Launch Manufacturing Military New Products Regulatory/Government SatBroadcasting Satellite Operator Service Provider SmallSat Systems News Regions All Regions Asia/Asia Pacific Europe Global Middle East/Africa North America South/Central America Past News Magazine Articles News & Data Current Satellite News Last Week's Top Stories News Topics News Regions Past News Magazines About Us Main Office / Sales Editorial Contacts History Staff Industry Industry Directory Free Publications Products Satellite Events Global Space Exploration Conference (GLEX 2017) International Paris Air Show NSMMS & CRASTE Joint Conference MilSatCom USA Small Satellite Conference: Small Satellites  Big Data IDGA Maritime ISR Summit Digital Ship Maritime CIO Forum Tokyo
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Avcorp Announces Organizational Changes VANCOUVER, June 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ – Avcorp Industries Inc. (TSX: AVP) (the „Company”, „Avcorp” or the „Avcorp Group”) today announced the following organizational change at Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California. Effective immediately, Jim Renaud will lead the Avcorp Group business development activities in his new role as Senior Vice President, Customers for the Avcorp Group of companies.  Jim transitions to this new role after serving as ACF General Manager of the Commercial business, in Gardena. During his tenure in that role, Jim led a number of key negotiations with customers and was instrumental in driving efficiencies and right-sizing the operations. Jim’s deep understanding of operational capabilities and customers’ needs makes him uniquely qualified for this new role. Effective immediately Marty Jones is named Site General Manager, Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California, with operational responsibility for both the Commercial and Military businesses. Peter George, CEO of the Avcorp Group, commented „It’s critical that customers establish and maintain the highest degree of confidence with prospective suppliers, and that must be established at the earliest possible point in the relationship. Jim Renaud’s level of technical and operational expertise provides that confidence for our customers. I’m looking forward to the impact Marty Jones will continue to have as he adds the oversight of the Commercial programs to his scope of responsibility, and to working closely with Jim Renaud as we continue the development plan for our Gardena operation.” About Avcorp The Avcorp Group designs and builds major airframe structures for some of the world’s leading aircraft companies, including BAE Systems, Boeing, Bombardier, Lockheed Martin and Subaru Corporation (formerly Fuji Heavy Industries Inc.).  The Avcorp Group has more than 50 years of experience, over 800 skilled employees and 636,000 square feet of facilities. Avcorp Structures & Integration located in Delta British Columbia, Canada is dedicated to metallic and composite aerostructures assembly and integration; Avcorp Engineered Composites located in Burlington Ontario, Canada is dedicated to design and manufacture of composite aerostructures, and Avcorp Composite Fabrication located in Gardena California, USA has advanced composite aerostructures fabrication capabilities for composite aerostructures. The Avcorp Group offers integrated composite and metallic aircraft structures to aircraft manufacturers, a distinct advantage in the pursuit of contracts for new aircraft designs, which require lower-cost, light‑weight, strong, reliable structures.  Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., at our Burlington, Ontario, Canada location also provides aircraft operators with aircraft structural component repair services for commercial aircraft.  Avcorp Composite Fabrication Inc. is wholly owned by Avcorp US Holdings Inc.  Both companies are incorporated in The State of Delaware, USA, and are wholly owned subsidiaries of Avcorp Industries Inc. Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., incorporated in the Province of Ontario, Canada, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Avcorp Industries Inc. Avcorp Industries Inc. is a federally incorporated reporting company in Canada and traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX:AVP). (signed) PETER GEORGE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AVCORP GROUP Forward-Looking Statements This release should be read in conjunction with the Company’s unaudited financial statements contained in the Company’s Annual Report and with the quarterly financial statements and accompanying notes filed with Sedar (www.sedar.com). Certain statements in this release and other oral and written statements made by the Company from time to time are forward-looking statements, including those that discuss strategies, goals, outlook or other non-historical matters; or projected revenues, income, returns or other financial measures.  These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the statements, including the following:  (a) changes in worldwide economic and political conditions that impact interest and foreign exchange rates; (b) the occurrence of work stoppages and strikes at key facilities of the Corporation or the Corporation’s customers or suppliers; (c) government funding and program approvals affecting products being developed or sold under government programs; (d) cost and delivery performance under various program and development contracts; (e) the adequacy of cost estimates for various customer care programs including servicing warranties; (f) the ability to control costs and successful implementation of various cost reduction programs; (g) the timing of certifications of new aircraft products; (h) the occurrence of downturns in customer markets to which the Corporation products are sold or supplied or where the Corporation offers financing; (i) changes in aircraft delivery schedules or cancellation of orders; (j) the Corporation’s ability to offset, through cost reductions, raw material price increases and pricing pressure brought by original equipment manufacturer customers; (k) the availability and cost of insurance; (l) the Corporation’s ability to maintain portfolio credit quality; (m) the Corporation’s access to debt financing at competitive rates; (n) uncertainty in estimating contingent liabilities and establishing reserves tailored to address such contingencies; and (o) integration of newly acquired operations and associated expenses may adversely affect profitability. SOURCE Avcorp Industries Inc. Related Links http://www.avcorp.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Riassunto: Smithers Viscient annuncia oggi la pubblicazione del libro bianco „Pollinators, Pesticides and Parasites” Next PostNext Promoting a Detrimental Drug in the Second Degree Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Avcorp Announces Organizational Changes VANCOUVER, June 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ – Avcorp Industries Inc. (TSX: AVP) (the „Company”, „Avcorp” or the „Avcorp Group”) today announced the following organizational change at Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California. Effective immediately, Jim Renaud will lead the Avcorp Group business development activities in his new role as Senior Vice President, Customers for the Avcorp Group of companies.  Jim transitions to this new role after serving as ACF General Manager of the Commercial business, in Gardena. During his tenure in that role, Jim led a number of key negotiations with customers and was instrumental in driving efficiencies and right-sizing the operations. Jim’s deep understanding of operational capabilities and customers’ needs makes him uniquely qualified for this new role. Effective immediately Marty Jones is named Site General Manager, Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California, with operational responsibility for both the Commercial and Military businesses. Peter George, CEO of the Avcorp Group, commented „It’s critical that customers establish and maintain the highest degree of confidence with prospective suppliers, and that must be established at the earliest possible point in the relationship. Jim Renaud’s level of technical and operational expertise provides that confidence for our customers. I’m looking forward to the impact Marty Jones will continue to have as he adds the oversight of the Commercial programs to his scope of responsibility, and to working closely with Jim Renaud as we continue the development plan for our Gardena operation.” About Avcorp The Avcorp Group designs and builds major airframe structures for some of the world’s leading aircraft companies, including BAE Systems, Boeing, Bombardier, Lockheed Martin and Subaru Corporation (formerly Fuji Heavy Industries Inc.).  The Avcorp Group has more than 50 years of experience, over 800 skilled employees and 636,000 square feet of facilities. Avcorp Structures & Integration located in Delta British Columbia, Canada is dedicated to metallic and composite aerostructures assembly and integration; Avcorp Engineered Composites located in Burlington Ontario, Canada is dedicated to design and manufacture of composite aerostructures, and Avcorp Composite Fabrication located in Gardena California, USA has advanced composite aerostructures fabrication capabilities for composite aerostructures. The Avcorp Group offers integrated composite and metallic aircraft structures to aircraft manufacturers, a distinct advantage in the pursuit of contracts for new aircraft designs, which require lower-cost, light‑weight, strong, reliable structures.  Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., at our Burlington, Ontario, Canada location also provides aircraft operators with aircraft structural component repair services for commercial aircraft.  Avcorp Composite Fabrication Inc. is wholly owned by Avcorp US Holdings Inc.  Both companies are incorporated in The State of Delaware, USA, and are wholly owned subsidiaries of Avcorp Industries Inc. Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., incorporated in the Province of Ontario, Canada, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Avcorp Industries Inc. Avcorp Industries Inc. is a federally incorporated reporting company in Canada and traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX:AVP). (signed) PETER GEORGE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AVCORP GROUP Forward-Looking Statements This release should be read in conjunction with the Company’s unaudited financial statements contained in the Company’s Annual Report and with the quarterly financial statements and accompanying notes filed with Sedar (www.sedar.com). Certain statements in this release and other oral and written statements made by the Company from time to time are forward-looking statements, including those that discuss strategies, goals, outlook or other non-historical matters; or projected revenues, income, returns or other financial measures.  These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the statements, including the following:  (a) changes in worldwide economic and political conditions that impact interest and foreign exchange rates; (b) the occurrence of work stoppages and strikes at key facilities of the Corporation or the Corporation’s customers or suppliers; (c) government funding and program approvals affecting products being developed or sold under government programs; (d) cost and delivery performance under various program and development contracts; (e) the adequacy of cost estimates for various customer care programs including servicing warranties; (f) the ability to control costs and successful implementation of various cost reduction programs; (g) the timing of certifications of new aircraft products; (h) the occurrence of downturns in customer markets to which the Corporation products are sold or supplied or where the Corporation offers financing; (i) changes in aircraft delivery schedules or cancellation of orders; (j) the Corporation’s ability to offset, through cost reductions, raw material price increases and pricing pressure brought by original equipment manufacturer customers; (k) the availability and cost of insurance; (l) the Corporation’s ability to maintain portfolio credit quality; (m) the Corporation’s access to debt financing at competitive rates; (n) uncertainty in estimating contingent liabilities and establishing reserves tailored to address such contingencies; and (o) integration of newly acquired operations and associated expenses may adversely affect profitability. SOURCE Avcorp Industries Inc. Related Links http://www.avcorp.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Riassunto: Smithers Viscient annuncia oggi la pubblicazione del libro bianco „Pollinators, Pesticides and Parasites” Next PostNext Promoting a Detrimental Drug in the Second Degree Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Avcorp Announces Organizational Changes VANCOUVER, June 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ – Avcorp Industries Inc. (TSX: AVP) (the „Company”, „Avcorp” or the „Avcorp Group”) today announced the following organizational change at Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California. Effective immediately, Jim Renaud will lead the Avcorp Group business development activities in his new role as Senior Vice President, Customers for the Avcorp Group of companies.  Jim transitions to this new role after serving as ACF General Manager of the Commercial business, in Gardena. During his tenure in that role, Jim led a number of key negotiations with customers and was instrumental in driving efficiencies and right-sizing the operations. Jim’s deep understanding of operational capabilities and customers’ needs makes him uniquely qualified for this new role. Effective immediately Marty Jones is named Site General Manager, Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California, with operational responsibility for both the Commercial and Military businesses. Peter George, CEO of the Avcorp Group, commented „It’s critical that customers establish and maintain the highest degree of confidence with prospective suppliers, and that must be established at the earliest possible point in the relationship. Jim Renaud’s level of technical and operational expertise provides that confidence for our customers. I’m looking forward to the impact Marty Jones will continue to have as he adds the oversight of the Commercial programs to his scope of responsibility, and to working closely with Jim Renaud as we continue the development plan for our Gardena operation.” About Avcorp The Avcorp Group designs and builds major airframe structures for some of the world’s leading aircraft companies, including BAE Systems, Boeing, Bombardier, Lockheed Martin and Subaru Corporation (formerly Fuji Heavy Industries Inc.).  The Avcorp Group has more than 50 years of experience, over 800 skilled employees and 636,000 square feet of facilities. Avcorp Structures & Integration located in Delta British Columbia, Canada is dedicated to metallic and composite aerostructures assembly and integration; Avcorp Engineered Composites located in Burlington Ontario, Canada is dedicated to design and manufacture of composite aerostructures, and Avcorp Composite Fabrication located in Gardena California, USA has advanced composite aerostructures fabrication capabilities for composite aerostructures. The Avcorp Group offers integrated composite and metallic aircraft structures to aircraft manufacturers, a distinct advantage in the pursuit of contracts for new aircraft designs, which require lower-cost, light‑weight, strong, reliable structures.  Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., at our Burlington, Ontario, Canada location also provides aircraft operators with aircraft structural component repair services for commercial aircraft.  Avcorp Composite Fabrication Inc. is wholly owned by Avcorp US Holdings Inc.  Both companies are incorporated in The State of Delaware, USA, and are wholly owned subsidiaries of Avcorp Industries Inc. Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., incorporated in the Province of Ontario, Canada, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Avcorp Industries Inc. Avcorp Industries Inc. is a federally incorporated reporting company in Canada and traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX:AVP). (signed) PETER GEORGE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AVCORP GROUP Forward-Looking Statements This release should be read in conjunction with the Company’s unaudited financial statements contained in the Company’s Annual Report and with the quarterly financial statements and accompanying notes filed with Sedar (www.sedar.com). Certain statements in this release and other oral and written statements made by the Company from time to time are forward-looking statements, including those that discuss strategies, goals, outlook or other non-historical matters; or projected revenues, income, returns or other financial measures.  These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the statements, including the following:  (a) changes in worldwide economic and political conditions that impact interest and foreign exchange rates; (b) the occurrence of work stoppages and strikes at key facilities of the Corporation or the Corporation’s customers or suppliers; (c) government funding and program approvals affecting products being developed or sold under government programs; (d) cost and delivery performance under various program and development contracts; (e) the adequacy of cost estimates for various customer care programs including servicing warranties; (f) the ability to control costs and successful implementation of various cost reduction programs; (g) the timing of certifications of new aircraft products; (h) the occurrence of downturns in customer markets to which the Corporation products are sold or supplied or where the Corporation offers financing; (i) changes in aircraft delivery schedules or cancellation of orders; (j) the Corporation’s ability to offset, through cost reductions, raw material price increases and pricing pressure brought by original equipment manufacturer customers; (k) the availability and cost of insurance; (l) the Corporation’s ability to maintain portfolio credit quality; (m) the Corporation’s access to debt financing at competitive rates; (n) uncertainty in estimating contingent liabilities and establishing reserves tailored to address such contingencies; and (o) integration of newly acquired operations and associated expenses may adversely affect profitability. SOURCE Avcorp Industries Inc. Related Links http://www.avcorp.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Riassunto: Smithers Viscient annuncia oggi la pubblicazione del libro bianco „Pollinators, Pesticides and Parasites” Next PostNext Promoting a Detrimental Drug in the Second Degree Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Avcorp Announces Organizational Changes VANCOUVER, June 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ – Avcorp Industries Inc. (TSX: AVP) (the „Company”, „Avcorp” or the „Avcorp Group”) today announced the following organizational change at Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California. Effective immediately, Jim Renaud will lead the Avcorp Group business development activities in his new role as Senior Vice President, Customers for the Avcorp Group of companies.  Jim transitions to this new role after serving as ACF General Manager of the Commercial business, in Gardena. During his tenure in that role, Jim led a number of key negotiations with customers and was instrumental in driving efficiencies and right-sizing the operations. Jim’s deep understanding of operational capabilities and customers’ needs makes him uniquely qualified for this new role. Effective immediately Marty Jones is named Site General Manager, Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California, with operational responsibility for both the Commercial and Military businesses. Peter George, CEO of the Avcorp Group, commented „It’s critical that customers establish and maintain the highest degree of confidence with prospective suppliers, and that must be established at the earliest possible point in the relationship. Jim Renaud’s level of technical and operational expertise provides that confidence for our customers. I’m looking forward to the impact Marty Jones will continue to have as he adds the oversight of the Commercial programs to his scope of responsibility, and to working closely with Jim Renaud as we continue the development plan for our Gardena operation.” About Avcorp The Avcorp Group designs and builds major airframe structures for some of the world’s leading aircraft companies, including BAE Systems, Boeing, Bombardier, Lockheed Martin and Subaru Corporation (formerly Fuji Heavy Industries Inc.).  The Avcorp Group has more than 50 years of experience, over 800 skilled employees and 636,000 square feet of facilities. Avcorp Structures & Integration located in Delta British Columbia, Canada is dedicated to metallic and composite aerostructures assembly and integration; Avcorp Engineered Composites located in Burlington Ontario, Canada is dedicated to design and manufacture of composite aerostructures, and Avcorp Composite Fabrication located in Gardena California, USA has advanced composite aerostructures fabrication capabilities for composite aerostructures. The Avcorp Group offers integrated composite and metallic aircraft structures to aircraft manufacturers, a distinct advantage in the pursuit of contracts for new aircraft designs, which require lower-cost, light‑weight, strong, reliable structures.  Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., at our Burlington, Ontario, Canada location also provides aircraft operators with aircraft structural component repair services for commercial aircraft.  Avcorp Composite Fabrication Inc. is wholly owned by Avcorp US Holdings Inc.  Both companies are incorporated in The State of Delaware, USA, and are wholly owned subsidiaries of Avcorp Industries Inc. Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., incorporated in the Province of Ontario, Canada, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Avcorp Industries Inc. Avcorp Industries Inc. is a federally incorporated reporting company in Canada and traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX:AVP). (signed) PETER GEORGE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AVCORP GROUP Forward-Looking Statements This release should be read in conjunction with the Company’s unaudited financial statements contained in the Company’s Annual Report and with the quarterly financial statements and accompanying notes filed with Sedar (www.sedar.com). Certain statements in this release and other oral and written statements made by the Company from time to time are forward-looking statements, including those that discuss strategies, goals, outlook or other non-historical matters; or projected revenues, income, returns or other financial measures.  These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the statements, including the following:  (a) changes in worldwide economic and political conditions that impact interest and foreign exchange rates; (b) the occurrence of work stoppages and strikes at key facilities of the Corporation or the Corporation’s customers or suppliers; (c) government funding and program approvals affecting products being developed or sold under government programs; (d) cost and delivery performance under various program and development contracts; (e) the adequacy of cost estimates for various customer care programs including servicing warranties; (f) the ability to control costs and successful implementation of various cost reduction programs; (g) the timing of certifications of new aircraft products; (h) the occurrence of downturns in customer markets to which the Corporation products are sold or supplied or where the Corporation offers financing; (i) changes in aircraft delivery schedules or cancellation of orders; (j) the Corporation’s ability to offset, through cost reductions, raw material price increases and pricing pressure brought by original equipment manufacturer customers; (k) the availability and cost of insurance; (l) the Corporation’s ability to maintain portfolio credit quality; (m) the Corporation’s access to debt financing at competitive rates; (n) uncertainty in estimating contingent liabilities and establishing reserves tailored to address such contingencies; and (o) integration of newly acquired operations and associated expenses may adversely affect profitability. SOURCE Avcorp Industries Inc. Related Links http://www.avcorp.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Riassunto: Smithers Viscient annuncia oggi la pubblicazione del libro bianco „Pollinators, Pesticides and Parasites” Next PostNext Promoting a Detrimental Drug in the Second Degree Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Avcorp Announces Organizational Changes VANCOUVER, June 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ – Avcorp Industries Inc. (TSX: AVP) (the „Company”, „Avcorp” or the „Avcorp Group”) today announced the following organizational change at Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California. Effective immediately, Jim Renaud will lead the Avcorp Group business development activities in his new role as Senior Vice President, Customers for the Avcorp Group of companies.  Jim transitions to this new role after serving as ACF General Manager of the Commercial business, in Gardena. During his tenure in that role, Jim led a number of key negotiations with customers and was instrumental in driving efficiencies and right-sizing the operations. Jim’s deep understanding of operational capabilities and customers’ needs makes him uniquely qualified for this new role. Effective immediately Marty Jones is named Site General Manager, Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California, with operational responsibility for both the Commercial and Military businesses. Peter George, CEO of the Avcorp Group, commented „It’s critical that customers establish and maintain the highest degree of confidence with prospective suppliers, and that must be established at the earliest possible point in the relationship. Jim Renaud’s level of technical and operational expertise provides that confidence for our customers. I’m looking forward to the impact Marty Jones will continue to have as he adds the oversight of the Commercial programs to his scope of responsibility, and to working closely with Jim Renaud as we continue the development plan for our Gardena operation.” About Avcorp The Avcorp Group designs and builds major airframe structures for some of the world’s leading aircraft companies, including BAE Systems, Boeing, Bombardier, Lockheed Martin and Subaru Corporation (formerly Fuji Heavy Industries Inc.).  The Avcorp Group has more than 50 years of experience, over 800 skilled employees and 636,000 square feet of facilities. Avcorp Structures & Integration located in Delta British Columbia, Canada is dedicated to metallic and composite aerostructures assembly and integration; Avcorp Engineered Composites located in Burlington Ontario, Canada is dedicated to design and manufacture of composite aerostructures, and Avcorp Composite Fabrication located in Gardena California, USA has advanced composite aerostructures fabrication capabilities for composite aerostructures. The Avcorp Group offers integrated composite and metallic aircraft structures to aircraft manufacturers, a distinct advantage in the pursuit of contracts for new aircraft designs, which require lower-cost, light‑weight, strong, reliable structures.  Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., at our Burlington, Ontario, Canada location also provides aircraft operators with aircraft structural component repair services for commercial aircraft.  Avcorp Composite Fabrication Inc. is wholly owned by Avcorp US Holdings Inc.  Both companies are incorporated in The State of Delaware, USA, and are wholly owned subsidiaries of Avcorp Industries Inc. Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., incorporated in the Province of Ontario, Canada, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Avcorp Industries Inc. Avcorp Industries Inc. is a federally incorporated reporting company in Canada and traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX:AVP). (signed) PETER GEORGE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AVCORP GROUP Forward-Looking Statements This release should be read in conjunction with the Company’s unaudited financial statements contained in the Company’s Annual Report and with the quarterly financial statements and accompanying notes filed with Sedar (www.sedar.com). Certain statements in this release and other oral and written statements made by the Company from time to time are forward-looking statements, including those that discuss strategies, goals, outlook or other non-historical matters; or projected revenues, income, returns or other financial measures.  These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the statements, including the following:  (a) changes in worldwide economic and political conditions that impact interest and foreign exchange rates; (b) the occurrence of work stoppages and strikes at key facilities of the Corporation or the Corporation’s customers or suppliers; (c) government funding and program approvals affecting products being developed or sold under government programs; (d) cost and delivery performance under various program and development contracts; (e) the adequacy of cost estimates for various customer care programs including servicing warranties; (f) the ability to control costs and successful implementation of various cost reduction programs; (g) the timing of certifications of new aircraft products; (h) the occurrence of downturns in customer markets to which the Corporation products are sold or supplied or where the Corporation offers financing; (i) changes in aircraft delivery schedules or cancellation of orders; (j) the Corporation’s ability to offset, through cost reductions, raw material price increases and pricing pressure brought by original equipment manufacturer customers; (k) the availability and cost of insurance; (l) the Corporation’s ability to maintain portfolio credit quality; (m) the Corporation’s access to debt financing at competitive rates; (n) uncertainty in estimating contingent liabilities and establishing reserves tailored to address such contingencies; and (o) integration of newly acquired operations and associated expenses may adversely affect profitability. SOURCE Avcorp Industries Inc. Related Links http://www.avcorp.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Riassunto: Smithers Viscient annuncia oggi la pubblicazione del libro bianco „Pollinators, Pesticides and Parasites” Next PostNext Promoting a Detrimental Drug in the Second Degree Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Avcorp Announces Organizational Changes VANCOUVER, June 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ – Avcorp Industries Inc. (TSX: AVP) (the „Company”, „Avcorp” or the „Avcorp Group”) today announced the following organizational change at Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California. Effective immediately, Jim Renaud will lead the Avcorp Group business development activities in his new role as Senior Vice President, Customers for the Avcorp Group of companies.  Jim transitions to this new role after serving as ACF General Manager of the Commercial business, in Gardena. During his tenure in that role, Jim led a number of key negotiations with customers and was instrumental in driving efficiencies and right-sizing the operations. Jim’s deep understanding of operational capabilities and customers’ needs makes him uniquely qualified for this new role. Effective immediately Marty Jones is named Site General Manager, Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California, with operational responsibility for both the Commercial and Military businesses. Peter George, CEO of the Avcorp Group, commented „It’s critical that customers establish and maintain the highest degree of confidence with prospective suppliers, and that must be established at the earliest possible point in the relationship. Jim Renaud’s level of technical and operational expertise provides that confidence for our customers. I’m looking forward to the impact Marty Jones will continue to have as he adds the oversight of the Commercial programs to his scope of responsibility, and to working closely with Jim Renaud as we continue the development plan for our Gardena operation.” About Avcorp The Avcorp Group designs and builds major airframe structures for some of the world’s leading aircraft companies, including BAE Systems, Boeing, Bombardier, Lockheed Martin and Subaru Corporation (formerly Fuji Heavy Industries Inc.).  The Avcorp Group has more than 50 years of experience, over 800 skilled employees and 636,000 square feet of facilities. Avcorp Structures & Integration located in Delta British Columbia, Canada is dedicated to metallic and composite aerostructures assembly and integration; Avcorp Engineered Composites located in Burlington Ontario, Canada is dedicated to design and manufacture of composite aerostructures, and Avcorp Composite Fabrication located in Gardena California, USA has advanced composite aerostructures fabrication capabilities for composite aerostructures. The Avcorp Group offers integrated composite and metallic aircraft structures to aircraft manufacturers, a distinct advantage in the pursuit of contracts for new aircraft designs, which require lower-cost, light‑weight, strong, reliable structures.  Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., at our Burlington, Ontario, Canada location also provides aircraft operators with aircraft structural component repair services for commercial aircraft.  Avcorp Composite Fabrication Inc. is wholly owned by Avcorp US Holdings Inc.  Both companies are incorporated in The State of Delaware, USA, and are wholly owned subsidiaries of Avcorp Industries Inc. Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., incorporated in the Province of Ontario, Canada, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Avcorp Industries Inc. Avcorp Industries Inc. is a federally incorporated reporting company in Canada and traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX:AVP). (signed) PETER GEORGE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AVCORP GROUP Forward-Looking Statements This release should be read in conjunction with the Company’s unaudited financial statements contained in the Company’s Annual Report and with the quarterly financial statements and accompanying notes filed with Sedar (www.sedar.com). Certain statements in this release and other oral and written statements made by the Company from time to time are forward-looking statements, including those that discuss strategies, goals, outlook or other non-historical matters; or projected revenues, income, returns or other financial measures.  These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the statements, including the following:  (a) changes in worldwide economic and political conditions that impact interest and foreign exchange rates; (b) the occurrence of work stoppages and strikes at key facilities of the Corporation or the Corporation’s customers or suppliers; (c) government funding and program approvals affecting products being developed or sold under government programs; (d) cost and delivery performance under various program and development contracts; (e) the adequacy of cost estimates for various customer care programs including servicing warranties; (f) the ability to control costs and successful implementation of various cost reduction programs; (g) the timing of certifications of new aircraft products; (h) the occurrence of downturns in customer markets to which the Corporation products are sold or supplied or where the Corporation offers financing; (i) changes in aircraft delivery schedules or cancellation of orders; (j) the Corporation’s ability to offset, through cost reductions, raw material price increases and pricing pressure brought by original equipment manufacturer customers; (k) the availability and cost of insurance; (l) the Corporation’s ability to maintain portfolio credit quality; (m) the Corporation’s access to debt financing at competitive rates; (n) uncertainty in estimating contingent liabilities and establishing reserves tailored to address such contingencies; and (o) integration of newly acquired operations and associated expenses may adversely affect profitability. SOURCE Avcorp Industries Inc. Related Links http://www.avcorp.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Riassunto: Smithers Viscient annuncia oggi la pubblicazione del libro bianco „Pollinators, Pesticides and Parasites” Next PostNext Promoting a Detrimental Drug in the Second Degree Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Avcorp Announces Organizational Changes VANCOUVER, June 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ – Avcorp Industries Inc. (TSX: AVP) (the „Company”, „Avcorp” or the „Avcorp Group”) today announced the following organizational change at Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California. Effective immediately, Jim Renaud will lead the Avcorp Group business development activities in his new role as Senior Vice President, Customers for the Avcorp Group of companies.  Jim transitions to this new role after serving as ACF General Manager of the Commercial business, in Gardena. During his tenure in that role, Jim led a number of key negotiations with customers and was instrumental in driving efficiencies and right-sizing the operations. Jim’s deep understanding of operational capabilities and customers’ needs makes him uniquely qualified for this new role. Effective immediately Marty Jones is named Site General Manager, Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California, with operational responsibility for both the Commercial and Military businesses. Peter George, CEO of the Avcorp Group, commented „It’s critical that customers establish and maintain the highest degree of confidence with prospective suppliers, and that must be established at the earliest possible point in the relationship. Jim Renaud’s level of technical and operational expertise provides that confidence for our customers. I’m looking forward to the impact Marty Jones will continue to have as he adds the oversight of the Commercial programs to his scope of responsibility, and to working closely with Jim Renaud as we continue the development plan for our Gardena operation.” About Avcorp The Avcorp Group designs and builds major airframe structures for some of the world’s leading aircraft companies, including BAE Systems, Boeing, Bombardier, Lockheed Martin and Subaru Corporation (formerly Fuji Heavy Industries Inc.).  The Avcorp Group has more than 50 years of experience, over 800 skilled employees and 636,000 square feet of facilities. Avcorp Structures & Integration located in Delta British Columbia, Canada is dedicated to metallic and composite aerostructures assembly and integration; Avcorp Engineered Composites located in Burlington Ontario, Canada is dedicated to design and manufacture of composite aerostructures, and Avcorp Composite Fabrication located in Gardena California, USA has advanced composite aerostructures fabrication capabilities for composite aerostructures. The Avcorp Group offers integrated composite and metallic aircraft structures to aircraft manufacturers, a distinct advantage in the pursuit of contracts for new aircraft designs, which require lower-cost, light‑weight, strong, reliable structures.  Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., at our Burlington, Ontario, Canada location also provides aircraft operators with aircraft structural component repair services for commercial aircraft.  Avcorp Composite Fabrication Inc. is wholly owned by Avcorp US Holdings Inc.  Both companies are incorporated in The State of Delaware, USA, and are wholly owned subsidiaries of Avcorp Industries Inc. Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., incorporated in the Province of Ontario, Canada, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Avcorp Industries Inc. Avcorp Industries Inc. is a federally incorporated reporting company in Canada and traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX:AVP). (signed) PETER GEORGE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AVCORP GROUP Forward-Looking Statements This release should be read in conjunction with the Company’s unaudited financial statements contained in the Company’s Annual Report and with the quarterly financial statements and accompanying notes filed with Sedar (www.sedar.com). Certain statements in this release and other oral and written statements made by the Company from time to time are forward-looking statements, including those that discuss strategies, goals, outlook or other non-historical matters; or projected revenues, income, returns or other financial measures.  These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the statements, including the following:  (a) changes in worldwide economic and political conditions that impact interest and foreign exchange rates; (b) the occurrence of work stoppages and strikes at key facilities of the Corporation or the Corporation’s customers or suppliers; (c) government funding and program approvals affecting products being developed or sold under government programs; (d) cost and delivery performance under various program and development contracts; (e) the adequacy of cost estimates for various customer care programs including servicing warranties; (f) the ability to control costs and successful implementation of various cost reduction programs; (g) the timing of certifications of new aircraft products; (h) the occurrence of downturns in customer markets to which the Corporation products are sold or supplied or where the Corporation offers financing; (i) changes in aircraft delivery schedules or cancellation of orders; (j) the Corporation’s ability to offset, through cost reductions, raw material price increases and pricing pressure brought by original equipment manufacturer customers; (k) the availability and cost of insurance; (l) the Corporation’s ability to maintain portfolio credit quality; (m) the Corporation’s access to debt financing at competitive rates; (n) uncertainty in estimating contingent liabilities and establishing reserves tailored to address such contingencies; and (o) integration of newly acquired operations and associated expenses may adversely affect profitability. SOURCE Avcorp Industries Inc. Related Links http://www.avcorp.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Riassunto: Smithers Viscient annuncia oggi la pubblicazione del libro bianco „Pollinators, Pesticides and Parasites” Next PostNext Promoting a Detrimental Drug in the Second Degree Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Avcorp Announces Organizational Changes VANCOUVER, June 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ – Avcorp Industries Inc. (TSX: AVP) (the „Company”, „Avcorp” or the „Avcorp Group”) today announced the following organizational change at Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California. Effective immediately, Jim Renaud will lead the Avcorp Group business development activities in his new role as Senior Vice President, Customers for the Avcorp Group of companies.  Jim transitions to this new role after serving as ACF General Manager of the Commercial business, in Gardena. During his tenure in that role, Jim led a number of key negotiations with customers and was instrumental in driving efficiencies and right-sizing the operations. Jim’s deep understanding of operational capabilities and customers’ needs makes him uniquely qualified for this new role. Effective immediately Marty Jones is named Site General Manager, Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California, with operational responsibility for both the Commercial and Military businesses. Peter George, CEO of the Avcorp Group, commented „It’s critical that customers establish and maintain the highest degree of confidence with prospective suppliers, and that must be established at the earliest possible point in the relationship. Jim Renaud’s level of technical and operational expertise provides that confidence for our customers. I’m looking forward to the impact Marty Jones will continue to have as he adds the oversight of the Commercial programs to his scope of responsibility, and to working closely with Jim Renaud as we continue the development plan for our Gardena operation.” About Avcorp The Avcorp Group designs and builds major airframe structures for some of the world’s leading aircraft companies, including BAE Systems, Boeing, Bombardier, Lockheed Martin and Subaru Corporation (formerly Fuji Heavy Industries Inc.).  The Avcorp Group has more than 50 years of experience, over 800 skilled employees and 636,000 square feet of facilities. Avcorp Structures & Integration located in Delta British Columbia, Canada is dedicated to metallic and composite aerostructures assembly and integration; Avcorp Engineered Composites located in Burlington Ontario, Canada is dedicated to design and manufacture of composite aerostructures, and Avcorp Composite Fabrication located in Gardena California, USA has advanced composite aerostructures fabrication capabilities for composite aerostructures. The Avcorp Group offers integrated composite and metallic aircraft structures to aircraft manufacturers, a distinct advantage in the pursuit of contracts for new aircraft designs, which require lower-cost, light‑weight, strong, reliable structures.  Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., at our Burlington, Ontario, Canada location also provides aircraft operators with aircraft structural component repair services for commercial aircraft.  Avcorp Composite Fabrication Inc. is wholly owned by Avcorp US Holdings Inc.  Both companies are incorporated in The State of Delaware, USA, and are wholly owned subsidiaries of Avcorp Industries Inc. Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., incorporated in the Province of Ontario, Canada, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Avcorp Industries Inc. Avcorp Industries Inc. is a federally incorporated reporting company in Canada and traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX:AVP). (signed) PETER GEORGE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AVCORP GROUP Forward-Looking Statements This release should be read in conjunction with the Company’s unaudited financial statements contained in the Company’s Annual Report and with the quarterly financial statements and accompanying notes filed with Sedar (www.sedar.com). Certain statements in this release and other oral and written statements made by the Company from time to time are forward-looking statements, including those that discuss strategies, goals, outlook or other non-historical matters; or projected revenues, income, returns or other financial measures.  These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the statements, including the following:  (a) changes in worldwide economic and political conditions that impact interest and foreign exchange rates; (b) the occurrence of work stoppages and strikes at key facilities of the Corporation or the Corporation’s customers or suppliers; (c) government funding and program approvals affecting products being developed or sold under government programs; (d) cost and delivery performance under various program and development contracts; (e) the adequacy of cost estimates for various customer care programs including servicing warranties; (f) the ability to control costs and successful implementation of various cost reduction programs; (g) the timing of certifications of new aircraft products; (h) the occurrence of downturns in customer markets to which the Corporation products are sold or supplied or where the Corporation offers financing; (i) changes in aircraft delivery schedules or cancellation of orders; (j) the Corporation’s ability to offset, through cost reductions, raw material price increases and pricing pressure brought by original equipment manufacturer customers; (k) the availability and cost of insurance; (l) the Corporation’s ability to maintain portfolio credit quality; (m) the Corporation’s access to debt financing at competitive rates; (n) uncertainty in estimating contingent liabilities and establishing reserves tailored to address such contingencies; and (o) integration of newly acquired operations and associated expenses may adversely affect profitability. SOURCE Avcorp Industries Inc. Related Links http://www.avcorp.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Riassunto: Smithers Viscient annuncia oggi la pubblicazione del libro bianco „Pollinators, Pesticides and Parasites” Next PostNext Promoting a Detrimental Drug in the Second Degree Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Avcorp Announces Organizational Changes VANCOUVER, June 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ – Avcorp Industries Inc. (TSX: AVP) (the „Company”, „Avcorp” or the „Avcorp Group”) today announced the following organizational change at Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California. Effective immediately, Jim Renaud will lead the Avcorp Group business development activities in his new role as Senior Vice President, Customers for the Avcorp Group of companies.  Jim transitions to this new role after serving as ACF General Manager of the Commercial business, in Gardena. During his tenure in that role, Jim led a number of key negotiations with customers and was instrumental in driving efficiencies and right-sizing the operations. Jim’s deep understanding of operational capabilities and customers’ needs makes him uniquely qualified for this new role. Effective immediately Marty Jones is named Site General Manager, Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California, with operational responsibility for both the Commercial and Military businesses. Peter George, CEO of the Avcorp Group, commented „It’s critical that customers establish and maintain the highest degree of confidence with prospective suppliers, and that must be established at the earliest possible point in the relationship. Jim Renaud’s level of technical and operational expertise provides that confidence for our customers. I’m looking forward to the impact Marty Jones will continue to have as he adds the oversight of the Commercial programs to his scope of responsibility, and to working closely with Jim Renaud as we continue the development plan for our Gardena operation.” About Avcorp The Avcorp Group designs and builds major airframe structures for some of the world’s leading aircraft companies, including BAE Systems, Boeing, Bombardier, Lockheed Martin and Subaru Corporation (formerly Fuji Heavy Industries Inc.).  The Avcorp Group has more than 50 years of experience, over 800 skilled employees and 636,000 square feet of facilities. Avcorp Structures & Integration located in Delta British Columbia, Canada is dedicated to metallic and composite aerostructures assembly and integration; Avcorp Engineered Composites located in Burlington Ontario, Canada is dedicated to design and manufacture of composite aerostructures, and Avcorp Composite Fabrication located in Gardena California, USA has advanced composite aerostructures fabrication capabilities for composite aerostructures. The Avcorp Group offers integrated composite and metallic aircraft structures to aircraft manufacturers, a distinct advantage in the pursuit of contracts for new aircraft designs, which require lower-cost, light‑weight, strong, reliable structures.  Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., at our Burlington, Ontario, Canada location also provides aircraft operators with aircraft structural component repair services for commercial aircraft.  Avcorp Composite Fabrication Inc. is wholly owned by Avcorp US Holdings Inc.  Both companies are incorporated in The State of Delaware, USA, and are wholly owned subsidiaries of Avcorp Industries Inc. Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., incorporated in the Province of Ontario, Canada, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Avcorp Industries Inc. Avcorp Industries Inc. is a federally incorporated reporting company in Canada and traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX:AVP). (signed) PETER GEORGE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AVCORP GROUP Forward-Looking Statements This release should be read in conjunction with the Company’s unaudited financial statements contained in the Company’s Annual Report and with the quarterly financial statements and accompanying notes filed with Sedar (www.sedar.com). Certain statements in this release and other oral and written statements made by the Company from time to time are forward-looking statements, including those that discuss strategies, goals, outlook or other non-historical matters; or projected revenues, income, returns or other financial measures.  These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the statements, including the following:  (a) changes in worldwide economic and political conditions that impact interest and foreign exchange rates; (b) the occurrence of work stoppages and strikes at key facilities of the Corporation or the Corporation’s customers or suppliers; (c) government funding and program approvals affecting products being developed or sold under government programs; (d) cost and delivery performance under various program and development contracts; (e) the adequacy of cost estimates for various customer care programs including servicing warranties; (f) the ability to control costs and successful implementation of various cost reduction programs; (g) the timing of certifications of new aircraft products; (h) the occurrence of downturns in customer markets to which the Corporation products are sold or supplied or where the Corporation offers financing; (i) changes in aircraft delivery schedules or cancellation of orders; (j) the Corporation’s ability to offset, through cost reductions, raw material price increases and pricing pressure brought by original equipment manufacturer customers; (k) the availability and cost of insurance; (l) the Corporation’s ability to maintain portfolio credit quality; (m) the Corporation’s access to debt financing at competitive rates; (n) uncertainty in estimating contingent liabilities and establishing reserves tailored to address such contingencies; and (o) integration of newly acquired operations and associated expenses may adversely affect profitability. SOURCE Avcorp Industries Inc. Related Links http://www.avcorp.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Riassunto: Smithers Viscient annuncia oggi la pubblicazione del libro bianco „Pollinators, Pesticides and Parasites” Next PostNext Promoting a Detrimental Drug in the Second Degree Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Avcorp Announces Organizational Changes VANCOUVER, June 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ – Avcorp Industries Inc. (TSX: AVP) (the „Company”, „Avcorp” or the „Avcorp Group”) today announced the following organizational change at Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California. Effective immediately, Jim Renaud will lead the Avcorp Group business development activities in his new role as Senior Vice President, Customers for the Avcorp Group of companies.  Jim transitions to this new role after serving as ACF General Manager of the Commercial business, in Gardena. During his tenure in that role, Jim led a number of key negotiations with customers and was instrumental in driving efficiencies and right-sizing the operations. Jim’s deep understanding of operational capabilities and customers’ needs makes him uniquely qualified for this new role. Effective immediately Marty Jones is named Site General Manager, Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California, with operational responsibility for both the Commercial and Military businesses. Peter George, CEO of the Avcorp Group, commented „It’s critical that customers establish and maintain the highest degree of confidence with prospective suppliers, and that must be established at the earliest possible point in the relationship. Jim Renaud’s level of technical and operational expertise provides that confidence for our customers. I’m looking forward to the impact Marty Jones will continue to have as he adds the oversight of the Commercial programs to his scope of responsibility, and to working closely with Jim Renaud as we continue the development plan for our Gardena operation.” About Avcorp The Avcorp Group designs and builds major airframe structures for some of the world’s leading aircraft companies, including BAE Systems, Boeing, Bombardier, Lockheed Martin and Subaru Corporation (formerly Fuji Heavy Industries Inc.).  The Avcorp Group has more than 50 years of experience, over 800 skilled employees and 636,000 square feet of facilities. Avcorp Structures & Integration located in Delta British Columbia, Canada is dedicated to metallic and composite aerostructures assembly and integration; Avcorp Engineered Composites located in Burlington Ontario, Canada is dedicated to design and manufacture of composite aerostructures, and Avcorp Composite Fabrication located in Gardena California, USA has advanced composite aerostructures fabrication capabilities for composite aerostructures. The Avcorp Group offers integrated composite and metallic aircraft structures to aircraft manufacturers, a distinct advantage in the pursuit of contracts for new aircraft designs, which require lower-cost, light‑weight, strong, reliable structures.  Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., at our Burlington, Ontario, Canada location also provides aircraft operators with aircraft structural component repair services for commercial aircraft.  Avcorp Composite Fabrication Inc. is wholly owned by Avcorp US Holdings Inc.  Both companies are incorporated in The State of Delaware, USA, and are wholly owned subsidiaries of Avcorp Industries Inc. Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., incorporated in the Province of Ontario, Canada, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Avcorp Industries Inc. Avcorp Industries Inc. is a federally incorporated reporting company in Canada and traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX:AVP). (signed) PETER GEORGE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AVCORP GROUP Forward-Looking Statements This release should be read in conjunction with the Company’s unaudited financial statements contained in the Company’s Annual Report and with the quarterly financial statements and accompanying notes filed with Sedar (www.sedar.com). Certain statements in this release and other oral and written statements made by the Company from time to time are forward-looking statements, including those that discuss strategies, goals, outlook or other non-historical matters; or projected revenues, income, returns or other financial measures.  These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the statements, including the following:  (a) changes in worldwide economic and political conditions that impact interest and foreign exchange rates; (b) the occurrence of work stoppages and strikes at key facilities of the Corporation or the Corporation’s customers or suppliers; (c) government funding and program approvals affecting products being developed or sold under government programs; (d) cost and delivery performance under various program and development contracts; (e) the adequacy of cost estimates for various customer care programs including servicing warranties; (f) the ability to control costs and successful implementation of various cost reduction programs; (g) the timing of certifications of new aircraft products; (h) the occurrence of downturns in customer markets to which the Corporation products are sold or supplied or where the Corporation offers financing; (i) changes in aircraft delivery schedules or cancellation of orders; (j) the Corporation’s ability to offset, through cost reductions, raw material price increases and pricing pressure brought by original equipment manufacturer customers; (k) the availability and cost of insurance; (l) the Corporation’s ability to maintain portfolio credit quality; (m) the Corporation’s access to debt financing at competitive rates; (n) uncertainty in estimating contingent liabilities and establishing reserves tailored to address such contingencies; and (o) integration of newly acquired operations and associated expenses may adversely affect profitability. SOURCE Avcorp Industries Inc. Related Links http://www.avcorp.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Riassunto: Smithers Viscient annuncia oggi la pubblicazione del libro bianco „Pollinators, Pesticides and Parasites” Next PostNext Promoting a Detrimental Drug in the Second Degree Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Avcorp Announces Organizational Changes VANCOUVER, June 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ – Avcorp Industries Inc. (TSX: AVP) (the „Company”, „Avcorp” or the „Avcorp Group”) today announced the following organizational change at Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California. Effective immediately, Jim Renaud will lead the Avcorp Group business development activities in his new role as Senior Vice President, Customers for the Avcorp Group of companies.  Jim transitions to this new role after serving as ACF General Manager of the Commercial business, in Gardena. During his tenure in that role, Jim led a number of key negotiations with customers and was instrumental in driving efficiencies and right-sizing the operations. Jim’s deep understanding of operational capabilities and customers’ needs makes him uniquely qualified for this new role. Effective immediately Marty Jones is named Site General Manager, Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California, with operational responsibility for both the Commercial and Military businesses. Peter George, CEO of the Avcorp Group, commented „It’s critical that customers establish and maintain the highest degree of confidence with prospective suppliers, and that must be established at the earliest possible point in the relationship. Jim Renaud’s level of technical and operational expertise provides that confidence for our customers. I’m looking forward to the impact Marty Jones will continue to have as he adds the oversight of the Commercial programs to his scope of responsibility, and to working closely with Jim Renaud as we continue the development plan for our Gardena operation.” About Avcorp The Avcorp Group designs and builds major airframe structures for some of the world’s leading aircraft companies, including BAE Systems, Boeing, Bombardier, Lockheed Martin and Subaru Corporation (formerly Fuji Heavy Industries Inc.).  The Avcorp Group has more than 50 years of experience, over 800 skilled employees and 636,000 square feet of facilities. Avcorp Structures & Integration located in Delta British Columbia, Canada is dedicated to metallic and composite aerostructures assembly and integration; Avcorp Engineered Composites located in Burlington Ontario, Canada is dedicated to design and manufacture of composite aerostructures, and Avcorp Composite Fabrication located in Gardena California, USA has advanced composite aerostructures fabrication capabilities for composite aerostructures. The Avcorp Group offers integrated composite and metallic aircraft structures to aircraft manufacturers, a distinct advantage in the pursuit of contracts for new aircraft designs, which require lower-cost, light‑weight, strong, reliable structures.  Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., at our Burlington, Ontario, Canada location also provides aircraft operators with aircraft structural component repair services for commercial aircraft.  Avcorp Composite Fabrication Inc. is wholly owned by Avcorp US Holdings Inc.  Both companies are incorporated in The State of Delaware, USA, and are wholly owned subsidiaries of Avcorp Industries Inc. Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., incorporated in the Province of Ontario, Canada, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Avcorp Industries Inc. Avcorp Industries Inc. is a federally incorporated reporting company in Canada and traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX:AVP). (signed) PETER GEORGE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AVCORP GROUP Forward-Looking Statements This release should be read in conjunction with the Company’s unaudited financial statements contained in the Company’s Annual Report and with the quarterly financial statements and accompanying notes filed with Sedar (www.sedar.com). Certain statements in this release and other oral and written statements made by the Company from time to time are forward-looking statements, including those that discuss strategies, goals, outlook or other non-historical matters; or projected revenues, income, returns or other financial measures.  These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the statements, including the following:  (a) changes in worldwide economic and political conditions that impact interest and foreign exchange rates; (b) the occurrence of work stoppages and strikes at key facilities of the Corporation or the Corporation’s customers or suppliers; (c) government funding and program approvals affecting products being developed or sold under government programs; (d) cost and delivery performance under various program and development contracts; (e) the adequacy of cost estimates for various customer care programs including servicing warranties; (f) the ability to control costs and successful implementation of various cost reduction programs; (g) the timing of certifications of new aircraft products; (h) the occurrence of downturns in customer markets to which the Corporation products are sold or supplied or where the Corporation offers financing; (i) changes in aircraft delivery schedules or cancellation of orders; (j) the Corporation’s ability to offset, through cost reductions, raw material price increases and pricing pressure brought by original equipment manufacturer customers; (k) the availability and cost of insurance; (l) the Corporation’s ability to maintain portfolio credit quality; (m) the Corporation’s access to debt financing at competitive rates; (n) uncertainty in estimating contingent liabilities and establishing reserves tailored to address such contingencies; and (o) integration of newly acquired operations and associated expenses may adversely affect profitability. SOURCE Avcorp Industries Inc. Related Links http://www.avcorp.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Riassunto: Smithers Viscient annuncia oggi la pubblicazione del libro bianco „Pollinators, Pesticides and Parasites” Next PostNext Promoting a Detrimental Drug in the Second Degree Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Avcorp Announces Organizational Changes VANCOUVER, June 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ – Avcorp Industries Inc. (TSX: AVP) (the „Company”, „Avcorp” or the „Avcorp Group”) today announced the following organizational change at Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California. Effective immediately, Jim Renaud will lead the Avcorp Group business development activities in his new role as Senior Vice President, Customers for the Avcorp Group of companies.  Jim transitions to this new role after serving as ACF General Manager of the Commercial business, in Gardena. During his tenure in that role, Jim led a number of key negotiations with customers and was instrumental in driving efficiencies and right-sizing the operations. Jim’s deep understanding of operational capabilities and customers’ needs makes him uniquely qualified for this new role. Effective immediately Marty Jones is named Site General Manager, Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California, with operational responsibility for both the Commercial and Military businesses. Peter George, CEO of the Avcorp Group, commented „It’s critical that customers establish and maintain the highest degree of confidence with prospective suppliers, and that must be established at the earliest possible point in the relationship. Jim Renaud’s level of technical and operational expertise provides that confidence for our customers. I’m looking forward to the impact Marty Jones will continue to have as he adds the oversight of the Commercial programs to his scope of responsibility, and to working closely with Jim Renaud as we continue the development plan for our Gardena operation.” About Avcorp The Avcorp Group designs and builds major airframe structures for some of the world’s leading aircraft companies, including BAE Systems, Boeing, Bombardier, Lockheed Martin and Subaru Corporation (formerly Fuji Heavy Industries Inc.).  The Avcorp Group has more than 50 years of experience, over 800 skilled employees and 636,000 square feet of facilities. Avcorp Structures & Integration located in Delta British Columbia, Canada is dedicated to metallic and composite aerostructures assembly and integration; Avcorp Engineered Composites located in Burlington Ontario, Canada is dedicated to design and manufacture of composite aerostructures, and Avcorp Composite Fabrication located in Gardena California, USA has advanced composite aerostructures fabrication capabilities for composite aerostructures. The Avcorp Group offers integrated composite and metallic aircraft structures to aircraft manufacturers, a distinct advantage in the pursuit of contracts for new aircraft designs, which require lower-cost, light‑weight, strong, reliable structures.  Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., at our Burlington, Ontario, Canada location also provides aircraft operators with aircraft structural component repair services for commercial aircraft.  Avcorp Composite Fabrication Inc. is wholly owned by Avcorp US Holdings Inc.  Both companies are incorporated in The State of Delaware, USA, and are wholly owned subsidiaries of Avcorp Industries Inc. Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., incorporated in the Province of Ontario, Canada, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Avcorp Industries Inc. Avcorp Industries Inc. is a federally incorporated reporting company in Canada and traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX:AVP). (signed) PETER GEORGE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AVCORP GROUP Forward-Looking Statements This release should be read in conjunction with the Company’s unaudited financial statements contained in the Company’s Annual Report and with the quarterly financial statements and accompanying notes filed with Sedar (www.sedar.com). Certain statements in this release and other oral and written statements made by the Company from time to time are forward-looking statements, including those that discuss strategies, goals, outlook or other non-historical matters; or projected revenues, income, returns or other financial measures.  These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the statements, including the following:  (a) changes in worldwide economic and political conditions that impact interest and foreign exchange rates; (b) the occurrence of work stoppages and strikes at key facilities of the Corporation or the Corporation’s customers or suppliers; (c) government funding and program approvals affecting products being developed or sold under government programs; (d) cost and delivery performance under various program and development contracts; (e) the adequacy of cost estimates for various customer care programs including servicing warranties; (f) the ability to control costs and successful implementation of various cost reduction programs; (g) the timing of certifications of new aircraft products; (h) the occurrence of downturns in customer markets to which the Corporation products are sold or supplied or where the Corporation offers financing; (i) changes in aircraft delivery schedules or cancellation of orders; (j) the Corporation’s ability to offset, through cost reductions, raw material price increases and pricing pressure brought by original equipment manufacturer customers; (k) the availability and cost of insurance; (l) the Corporation’s ability to maintain portfolio credit quality; (m) the Corporation’s access to debt financing at competitive rates; (n) uncertainty in estimating contingent liabilities and establishing reserves tailored to address such contingencies; and (o) integration of newly acquired operations and associated expenses may adversely affect profitability. SOURCE Avcorp Industries Inc. Related Links http://www.avcorp.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Riassunto: Smithers Viscient annuncia oggi la pubblicazione del libro bianco „Pollinators, Pesticides and Parasites” Next PostNext Promoting a Detrimental Drug in the Second Degree Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Avcorp Announces Organizational Changes VANCOUVER, June 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ – Avcorp Industries Inc. (TSX: AVP) (the „Company”, „Avcorp” or the „Avcorp Group”) today announced the following organizational change at Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California. Effective immediately, Jim Renaud will lead the Avcorp Group business development activities in his new role as Senior Vice President, Customers for the Avcorp Group of companies.  Jim transitions to this new role after serving as ACF General Manager of the Commercial business, in Gardena. During his tenure in that role, Jim led a number of key negotiations with customers and was instrumental in driving efficiencies and right-sizing the operations. Jim’s deep understanding of operational capabilities and customers’ needs makes him uniquely qualified for this new role. Effective immediately Marty Jones is named Site General Manager, Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California, with operational responsibility for both the Commercial and Military businesses. Peter George, CEO of the Avcorp Group, commented „It’s critical that customers establish and maintain the highest degree of confidence with prospective suppliers, and that must be established at the earliest possible point in the relationship. Jim Renaud’s level of technical and operational expertise provides that confidence for our customers. I’m looking forward to the impact Marty Jones will continue to have as he adds the oversight of the Commercial programs to his scope of responsibility, and to working closely with Jim Renaud as we continue the development plan for our Gardena operation.” About Avcorp The Avcorp Group designs and builds major airframe structures for some of the world’s leading aircraft companies, including BAE Systems, Boeing, Bombardier, Lockheed Martin and Subaru Corporation (formerly Fuji Heavy Industries Inc.).  The Avcorp Group has more than 50 years of experience, over 800 skilled employees and 636,000 square feet of facilities. Avcorp Structures & Integration located in Delta British Columbia, Canada is dedicated to metallic and composite aerostructures assembly and integration; Avcorp Engineered Composites located in Burlington Ontario, Canada is dedicated to design and manufacture of composite aerostructures, and Avcorp Composite Fabrication located in Gardena California, USA has advanced composite aerostructures fabrication capabilities for composite aerostructures. The Avcorp Group offers integrated composite and metallic aircraft structures to aircraft manufacturers, a distinct advantage in the pursuit of contracts for new aircraft designs, which require lower-cost, light‑weight, strong, reliable structures.  Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., at our Burlington, Ontario, Canada location also provides aircraft operators with aircraft structural component repair services for commercial aircraft.  Avcorp Composite Fabrication Inc. is wholly owned by Avcorp US Holdings Inc.  Both companies are incorporated in The State of Delaware, USA, and are wholly owned subsidiaries of Avcorp Industries Inc. Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., incorporated in the Province of Ontario, Canada, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Avcorp Industries Inc. Avcorp Industries Inc. is a federally incorporated reporting company in Canada and traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX:AVP). (signed) PETER GEORGE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AVCORP GROUP Forward-Looking Statements This release should be read in conjunction with the Company’s unaudited financial statements contained in the Company’s Annual Report and with the quarterly financial statements and accompanying notes filed with Sedar (www.sedar.com). Certain statements in this release and other oral and written statements made by the Company from time to time are forward-looking statements, including those that discuss strategies, goals, outlook or other non-historical matters; or projected revenues, income, returns or other financial measures.  These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the statements, including the following:  (a) changes in worldwide economic and political conditions that impact interest and foreign exchange rates; (b) the occurrence of work stoppages and strikes at key facilities of the Corporation or the Corporation’s customers or suppliers; (c) government funding and program approvals affecting products being developed or sold under government programs; (d) cost and delivery performance under various program and development contracts; (e) the adequacy of cost estimates for various customer care programs including servicing warranties; (f) the ability to control costs and successful implementation of various cost reduction programs; (g) the timing of certifications of new aircraft products; (h) the occurrence of downturns in customer markets to which the Corporation products are sold or supplied or where the Corporation offers financing; (i) changes in aircraft delivery schedules or cancellation of orders; (j) the Corporation’s ability to offset, through cost reductions, raw material price increases and pricing pressure brought by original equipment manufacturer customers; (k) the availability and cost of insurance; (l) the Corporation’s ability to maintain portfolio credit quality; (m) the Corporation’s access to debt financing at competitive rates; (n) uncertainty in estimating contingent liabilities and establishing reserves tailored to address such contingencies; and (o) integration of newly acquired operations and associated expenses may adversely affect profitability. SOURCE Avcorp Industries Inc. Related Links http://www.avcorp.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Riassunto: Smithers Viscient annuncia oggi la pubblicazione del libro bianco „Pollinators, Pesticides and Parasites” Next PostNext Promoting a Detrimental Drug in the Second Degree Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Avcorp Announces Organizational Changes VANCOUVER, June 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ – Avcorp Industries Inc. (TSX: AVP) (the „Company”, „Avcorp” or the „Avcorp Group”) today announced the following organizational change at Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California. Effective immediately, Jim Renaud will lead the Avcorp Group business development activities in his new role as Senior Vice President, Customers for the Avcorp Group of companies.  Jim transitions to this new role after serving as ACF General Manager of the Commercial business, in Gardena. During his tenure in that role, Jim led a number of key negotiations with customers and was instrumental in driving efficiencies and right-sizing the operations. Jim’s deep understanding of operational capabilities and customers’ needs makes him uniquely qualified for this new role. Effective immediately Marty Jones is named Site General Manager, Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California, with operational responsibility for both the Commercial and Military businesses. Peter George, CEO of the Avcorp Group, commented „It’s critical that customers establish and maintain the highest degree of confidence with prospective suppliers, and that must be established at the earliest possible point in the relationship. Jim Renaud’s level of technical and operational expertise provides that confidence for our customers. I’m looking forward to the impact Marty Jones will continue to have as he adds the oversight of the Commercial programs to his scope of responsibility, and to working closely with Jim Renaud as we continue the development plan for our Gardena operation.” About Avcorp The Avcorp Group designs and builds major airframe structures for some of the world’s leading aircraft companies, including BAE Systems, Boeing, Bombardier, Lockheed Martin and Subaru Corporation (formerly Fuji Heavy Industries Inc.).  The Avcorp Group has more than 50 years of experience, over 800 skilled employees and 636,000 square feet of facilities. Avcorp Structures & Integration located in Delta British Columbia, Canada is dedicated to metallic and composite aerostructures assembly and integration; Avcorp Engineered Composites located in Burlington Ontario, Canada is dedicated to design and manufacture of composite aerostructures, and Avcorp Composite Fabrication located in Gardena California, USA has advanced composite aerostructures fabrication capabilities for composite aerostructures. The Avcorp Group offers integrated composite and metallic aircraft structures to aircraft manufacturers, a distinct advantage in the pursuit of contracts for new aircraft designs, which require lower-cost, light‑weight, strong, reliable structures.  Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., at our Burlington, Ontario, Canada location also provides aircraft operators with aircraft structural component repair services for commercial aircraft.  Avcorp Composite Fabrication Inc. is wholly owned by Avcorp US Holdings Inc.  Both companies are incorporated in The State of Delaware, USA, and are wholly owned subsidiaries of Avcorp Industries Inc. Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., incorporated in the Province of Ontario, Canada, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Avcorp Industries Inc. Avcorp Industries Inc. is a federally incorporated reporting company in Canada and traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX:AVP). (signed) PETER GEORGE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AVCORP GROUP Forward-Looking Statements This release should be read in conjunction with the Company’s unaudited financial statements contained in the Company’s Annual Report and with the quarterly financial statements and accompanying notes filed with Sedar (www.sedar.com). Certain statements in this release and other oral and written statements made by the Company from time to time are forward-looking statements, including those that discuss strategies, goals, outlook or other non-historical matters; or projected revenues, income, returns or other financial measures.  These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the statements, including the following:  (a) changes in worldwide economic and political conditions that impact interest and foreign exchange rates; (b) the occurrence of work stoppages and strikes at key facilities of the Corporation or the Corporation’s customers or suppliers; (c) government funding and program approvals affecting products being developed or sold under government programs; (d) cost and delivery performance under various program and development contracts; (e) the adequacy of cost estimates for various customer care programs including servicing warranties; (f) the ability to control costs and successful implementation of various cost reduction programs; (g) the timing of certifications of new aircraft products; (h) the occurrence of downturns in customer markets to which the Corporation products are sold or supplied or where the Corporation offers financing; (i) changes in aircraft delivery schedules or cancellation of orders; (j) the Corporation’s ability to offset, through cost reductions, raw material price increases and pricing pressure brought by original equipment manufacturer customers; (k) the availability and cost of insurance; (l) the Corporation’s ability to maintain portfolio credit quality; (m) the Corporation’s access to debt financing at competitive rates; (n) uncertainty in estimating contingent liabilities and establishing reserves tailored to address such contingencies; and (o) integration of newly acquired operations and associated expenses may adversely affect profitability. SOURCE Avcorp Industries Inc. Related Links http://www.avcorp.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Riassunto: Smithers Viscient annuncia oggi la pubblicazione del libro bianco „Pollinators, Pesticides and Parasites” Next PostNext Promoting a Detrimental Drug in the Second Degree Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Avcorp Announces Organizational Changes VANCOUVER, June 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ – Avcorp Industries Inc. (TSX: AVP) (the „Company”, „Avcorp” or the „Avcorp Group”) today announced the following organizational change at Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California. Effective immediately, Jim Renaud will lead the Avcorp Group business development activities in his new role as Senior Vice President, Customers for the Avcorp Group of companies.  Jim transitions to this new role after serving as ACF General Manager of the Commercial business, in Gardena. During his tenure in that role, Jim led a number of key negotiations with customers and was instrumental in driving efficiencies and right-sizing the operations. Jim’s deep understanding of operational capabilities and customers’ needs makes him uniquely qualified for this new role. Effective immediately Marty Jones is named Site General Manager, Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California, with operational responsibility for both the Commercial and Military businesses. Peter George, CEO of the Avcorp Group, commented „It’s critical that customers establish and maintain the highest degree of confidence with prospective suppliers, and that must be established at the earliest possible point in the relationship. Jim Renaud’s level of technical and operational expertise provides that confidence for our customers. I’m looking forward to the impact Marty Jones will continue to have as he adds the oversight of the Commercial programs to his scope of responsibility, and to working closely with Jim Renaud as we continue the development plan for our Gardena operation.” About Avcorp The Avcorp Group designs and builds major airframe structures for some of the world’s leading aircraft companies, including BAE Systems, Boeing, Bombardier, Lockheed Martin and Subaru Corporation (formerly Fuji Heavy Industries Inc.).  The Avcorp Group has more than 50 years of experience, over 800 skilled employees and 636,000 square feet of facilities. Avcorp Structures & Integration located in Delta British Columbia, Canada is dedicated to metallic and composite aerostructures assembly and integration; Avcorp Engineered Composites located in Burlington Ontario, Canada is dedicated to design and manufacture of composite aerostructures, and Avcorp Composite Fabrication located in Gardena California, USA has advanced composite aerostructures fabrication capabilities for composite aerostructures. The Avcorp Group offers integrated composite and metallic aircraft structures to aircraft manufacturers, a distinct advantage in the pursuit of contracts for new aircraft designs, which require lower-cost, light‑weight, strong, reliable structures.  Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., at our Burlington, Ontario, Canada location also provides aircraft operators with aircraft structural component repair services for commercial aircraft.  Avcorp Composite Fabrication Inc. is wholly owned by Avcorp US Holdings Inc.  Both companies are incorporated in The State of Delaware, USA, and are wholly owned subsidiaries of Avcorp Industries Inc. Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., incorporated in the Province of Ontario, Canada, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Avcorp Industries Inc. Avcorp Industries Inc. is a federally incorporated reporting company in Canada and traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX:AVP). (signed) PETER GEORGE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AVCORP GROUP Forward-Looking Statements This release should be read in conjunction with the Company’s unaudited financial statements contained in the Company’s Annual Report and with the quarterly financial statements and accompanying notes filed with Sedar (www.sedar.com). Certain statements in this release and other oral and written statements made by the Company from time to time are forward-looking statements, including those that discuss strategies, goals, outlook or other non-historical matters; or projected revenues, income, returns or other financial measures.  These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the statements, including the following:  (a) changes in worldwide economic and political conditions that impact interest and foreign exchange rates; (b) the occurrence of work stoppages and strikes at key facilities of the Corporation or the Corporation’s customers or suppliers; (c) government funding and program approvals affecting products being developed or sold under government programs; (d) cost and delivery performance under various program and development contracts; (e) the adequacy of cost estimates for various customer care programs including servicing warranties; (f) the ability to control costs and successful implementation of various cost reduction programs; (g) the timing of certifications of new aircraft products; (h) the occurrence of downturns in customer markets to which the Corporation products are sold or supplied or where the Corporation offers financing; (i) changes in aircraft delivery schedules or cancellation of orders; (j) the Corporation’s ability to offset, through cost reductions, raw material price increases and pricing pressure brought by original equipment manufacturer customers; (k) the availability and cost of insurance; (l) the Corporation’s ability to maintain portfolio credit quality; (m) the Corporation’s access to debt financing at competitive rates; (n) uncertainty in estimating contingent liabilities and establishing reserves tailored to address such contingencies; and (o) integration of newly acquired operations and associated expenses may adversely affect profitability. SOURCE Avcorp Industries Inc. Related Links http://www.avcorp.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Riassunto: Smithers Viscient annuncia oggi la pubblicazione del libro bianco „Pollinators, Pesticides and Parasites” Next PostNext Promoting a Detrimental Drug in the Second Degree Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Avcorp Announces Organizational Changes VANCOUVER, June 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ – Avcorp Industries Inc. (TSX: AVP) (the „Company”, „Avcorp” or the „Avcorp Group”) today announced the following organizational change at Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California. Effective immediately, Jim Renaud will lead the Avcorp Group business development activities in his new role as Senior Vice President, Customers for the Avcorp Group of companies.  Jim transitions to this new role after serving as ACF General Manager of the Commercial business, in Gardena. During his tenure in that role, Jim led a number of key negotiations with customers and was instrumental in driving efficiencies and right-sizing the operations. Jim’s deep understanding of operational capabilities and customers’ needs makes him uniquely qualified for this new role. Effective immediately Marty Jones is named Site General Manager, Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California, with operational responsibility for both the Commercial and Military businesses. Peter George, CEO of the Avcorp Group, commented „It’s critical that customers establish and maintain the highest degree of confidence with prospective suppliers, and that must be established at the earliest possible point in the relationship. Jim Renaud’s level of technical and operational expertise provides that confidence for our customers. I’m looking forward to the impact Marty Jones will continue to have as he adds the oversight of the Commercial programs to his scope of responsibility, and to working closely with Jim Renaud as we continue the development plan for our Gardena operation.” About Avcorp The Avcorp Group designs and builds major airframe structures for some of the world’s leading aircraft companies, including BAE Systems, Boeing, Bombardier, Lockheed Martin and Subaru Corporation (formerly Fuji Heavy Industries Inc.).  The Avcorp Group has more than 50 years of experience, over 800 skilled employees and 636,000 square feet of facilities. Avcorp Structures & Integration located in Delta British Columbia, Canada is dedicated to metallic and composite aerostructures assembly and integration; Avcorp Engineered Composites located in Burlington Ontario, Canada is dedicated to design and manufacture of composite aerostructures, and Avcorp Composite Fabrication located in Gardena California, USA has advanced composite aerostructures fabrication capabilities for composite aerostructures. The Avcorp Group offers integrated composite and metallic aircraft structures to aircraft manufacturers, a distinct advantage in the pursuit of contracts for new aircraft designs, which require lower-cost, light‑weight, strong, reliable structures.  Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., at our Burlington, Ontario, Canada location also provides aircraft operators with aircraft structural component repair services for commercial aircraft.  Avcorp Composite Fabrication Inc. is wholly owned by Avcorp US Holdings Inc.  Both companies are incorporated in The State of Delaware, USA, and are wholly owned subsidiaries of Avcorp Industries Inc. Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., incorporated in the Province of Ontario, Canada, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Avcorp Industries Inc. Avcorp Industries Inc. is a federally incorporated reporting company in Canada and traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX:AVP). (signed) PETER GEORGE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AVCORP GROUP Forward-Looking Statements This release should be read in conjunction with the Company’s unaudited financial statements contained in the Company’s Annual Report and with the quarterly financial statements and accompanying notes filed with Sedar (www.sedar.com). Certain statements in this release and other oral and written statements made by the Company from time to time are forward-looking statements, including those that discuss strategies, goals, outlook or other non-historical matters; or projected revenues, income, returns or other financial measures.  These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the statements, including the following:  (a) changes in worldwide economic and political conditions that impact interest and foreign exchange rates; (b) the occurrence of work stoppages and strikes at key facilities of the Corporation or the Corporation’s customers or suppliers; (c) government funding and program approvals affecting products being developed or sold under government programs; (d) cost and delivery performance under various program and development contracts; (e) the adequacy of cost estimates for various customer care programs including servicing warranties; (f) the ability to control costs and successful implementation of various cost reduction programs; (g) the timing of certifications of new aircraft products; (h) the occurrence of downturns in customer markets to which the Corporation products are sold or supplied or where the Corporation offers financing; (i) changes in aircraft delivery schedules or cancellation of orders; (j) the Corporation’s ability to offset, through cost reductions, raw material price increases and pricing pressure brought by original equipment manufacturer customers; (k) the availability and cost of insurance; (l) the Corporation’s ability to maintain portfolio credit quality; (m) the Corporation’s access to debt financing at competitive rates; (n) uncertainty in estimating contingent liabilities and establishing reserves tailored to address such contingencies; and (o) integration of newly acquired operations and associated expenses may adversely affect profitability. SOURCE Avcorp Industries Inc. Related Links http://www.avcorp.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Riassunto: Smithers Viscient annuncia oggi la pubblicazione del libro bianco „Pollinators, Pesticides and Parasites” Next PostNext Promoting a Detrimental Drug in the Second Degree Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Avcorp Announces Organizational Changes VANCOUVER, June 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ – Avcorp Industries Inc. (TSX: AVP) (the „Company”, „Avcorp” or the „Avcorp Group”) today announced the following organizational change at Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California. Effective immediately, Jim Renaud will lead the Avcorp Group business development activities in his new role as Senior Vice President, Customers for the Avcorp Group of companies.  Jim transitions to this new role after serving as ACF General Manager of the Commercial business, in Gardena. During his tenure in that role, Jim led a number of key negotiations with customers and was instrumental in driving efficiencies and right-sizing the operations. Jim’s deep understanding of operational capabilities and customers’ needs makes him uniquely qualified for this new role. Effective immediately Marty Jones is named Site General Manager, Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California, with operational responsibility for both the Commercial and Military businesses. Peter George, CEO of the Avcorp Group, commented „It’s critical that customers establish and maintain the highest degree of confidence with prospective suppliers, and that must be established at the earliest possible point in the relationship. Jim Renaud’s level of technical and operational expertise provides that confidence for our customers. I’m looking forward to the impact Marty Jones will continue to have as he adds the oversight of the Commercial programs to his scope of responsibility, and to working closely with Jim Renaud as we continue the development plan for our Gardena operation.” About Avcorp The Avcorp Group designs and builds major airframe structures for some of the world’s leading aircraft companies, including BAE Systems, Boeing, Bombardier, Lockheed Martin and Subaru Corporation (formerly Fuji Heavy Industries Inc.).  The Avcorp Group has more than 50 years of experience, over 800 skilled employees and 636,000 square feet of facilities. Avcorp Structures & Integration located in Delta British Columbia, Canada is dedicated to metallic and composite aerostructures assembly and integration; Avcorp Engineered Composites located in Burlington Ontario, Canada is dedicated to design and manufacture of composite aerostructures, and Avcorp Composite Fabrication located in Gardena California, USA has advanced composite aerostructures fabrication capabilities for composite aerostructures. The Avcorp Group offers integrated composite and metallic aircraft structures to aircraft manufacturers, a distinct advantage in the pursuit of contracts for new aircraft designs, which require lower-cost, light‑weight, strong, reliable structures.  Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., at our Burlington, Ontario, Canada location also provides aircraft operators with aircraft structural component repair services for commercial aircraft.  Avcorp Composite Fabrication Inc. is wholly owned by Avcorp US Holdings Inc.  Both companies are incorporated in The State of Delaware, USA, and are wholly owned subsidiaries of Avcorp Industries Inc. Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., incorporated in the Province of Ontario, Canada, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Avcorp Industries Inc. Avcorp Industries Inc. is a federally incorporated reporting company in Canada and traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX:AVP). (signed) PETER GEORGE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AVCORP GROUP Forward-Looking Statements This release should be read in conjunction with the Company’s unaudited financial statements contained in the Company’s Annual Report and with the quarterly financial statements and accompanying notes filed with Sedar (www.sedar.com). Certain statements in this release and other oral and written statements made by the Company from time to time are forward-looking statements, including those that discuss strategies, goals, outlook or other non-historical matters; or projected revenues, income, returns or other financial measures.  These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the statements, including the following:  (a) changes in worldwide economic and political conditions that impact interest and foreign exchange rates; (b) the occurrence of work stoppages and strikes at key facilities of the Corporation or the Corporation’s customers or suppliers; (c) government funding and program approvals affecting products being developed or sold under government programs; (d) cost and delivery performance under various program and development contracts; (e) the adequacy of cost estimates for various customer care programs including servicing warranties; (f) the ability to control costs and successful implementation of various cost reduction programs; (g) the timing of certifications of new aircraft products; (h) the occurrence of downturns in customer markets to which the Corporation products are sold or supplied or where the Corporation offers financing; (i) changes in aircraft delivery schedules or cancellation of orders; (j) the Corporation’s ability to offset, through cost reductions, raw material price increases and pricing pressure brought by original equipment manufacturer customers; (k) the availability and cost of insurance; (l) the Corporation’s ability to maintain portfolio credit quality; (m) the Corporation’s access to debt financing at competitive rates; (n) uncertainty in estimating contingent liabilities and establishing reserves tailored to address such contingencies; and (o) integration of newly acquired operations and associated expenses may adversely affect profitability. SOURCE Avcorp Industries Inc. Related Links http://www.avcorp.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Riassunto: Smithers Viscient annuncia oggi la pubblicazione del libro bianco „Pollinators, Pesticides and Parasites” Next PostNext Promoting a Detrimental Drug in the Second Degree Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Avcorp Announces Organizational Changes VANCOUVER, June 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ – Avcorp Industries Inc. (TSX: AVP) (the „Company”, „Avcorp” or the „Avcorp Group”) today announced the following organizational change at Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California. Effective immediately, Jim Renaud will lead the Avcorp Group business development activities in his new role as Senior Vice President, Customers for the Avcorp Group of companies.  Jim transitions to this new role after serving as ACF General Manager of the Commercial business, in Gardena. During his tenure in that role, Jim led a number of key negotiations with customers and was instrumental in driving efficiencies and right-sizing the operations. Jim’s deep understanding of operational capabilities and customers’ needs makes him uniquely qualified for this new role. Effective immediately Marty Jones is named Site General Manager, Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California, with operational responsibility for both the Commercial and Military businesses. Peter George, CEO of the Avcorp Group, commented „It’s critical that customers establish and maintain the highest degree of confidence with prospective suppliers, and that must be established at the earliest possible point in the relationship. Jim Renaud’s level of technical and operational expertise provides that confidence for our customers. I’m looking forward to the impact Marty Jones will continue to have as he adds the oversight of the Commercial programs to his scope of responsibility, and to working closely with Jim Renaud as we continue the development plan for our Gardena operation.” About Avcorp The Avcorp Group designs and builds major airframe structures for some of the world’s leading aircraft companies, including BAE Systems, Boeing, Bombardier, Lockheed Martin and Subaru Corporation (formerly Fuji Heavy Industries Inc.).  The Avcorp Group has more than 50 years of experience, over 800 skilled employees and 636,000 square feet of facilities. Avcorp Structures & Integration located in Delta British Columbia, Canada is dedicated to metallic and composite aerostructures assembly and integration; Avcorp Engineered Composites located in Burlington Ontario, Canada is dedicated to design and manufacture of composite aerostructures, and Avcorp Composite Fabrication located in Gardena California, USA has advanced composite aerostructures fabrication capabilities for composite aerostructures. The Avcorp Group offers integrated composite and metallic aircraft structures to aircraft manufacturers, a distinct advantage in the pursuit of contracts for new aircraft designs, which require lower-cost, light‑weight, strong, reliable structures.  Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., at our Burlington, Ontario, Canada location also provides aircraft operators with aircraft structural component repair services for commercial aircraft.  Avcorp Composite Fabrication Inc. is wholly owned by Avcorp US Holdings Inc.  Both companies are incorporated in The State of Delaware, USA, and are wholly owned subsidiaries of Avcorp Industries Inc. Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., incorporated in the Province of Ontario, Canada, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Avcorp Industries Inc. Avcorp Industries Inc. is a federally incorporated reporting company in Canada and traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX:AVP). (signed) PETER GEORGE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AVCORP GROUP Forward-Looking Statements This release should be read in conjunction with the Company’s unaudited financial statements contained in the Company’s Annual Report and with the quarterly financial statements and accompanying notes filed with Sedar (www.sedar.com). Certain statements in this release and other oral and written statements made by the Company from time to time are forward-looking statements, including those that discuss strategies, goals, outlook or other non-historical matters; or projected revenues, income, returns or other financial measures.  These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the statements, including the following:  (a) changes in worldwide economic and political conditions that impact interest and foreign exchange rates; (b) the occurrence of work stoppages and strikes at key facilities of the Corporation or the Corporation’s customers or suppliers; (c) government funding and program approvals affecting products being developed or sold under government programs; (d) cost and delivery performance under various program and development contracts; (e) the adequacy of cost estimates for various customer care programs including servicing warranties; (f) the ability to control costs and successful implementation of various cost reduction programs; (g) the timing of certifications of new aircraft products; (h) the occurrence of downturns in customer markets to which the Corporation products are sold or supplied or where the Corporation offers financing; (i) changes in aircraft delivery schedules or cancellation of orders; (j) the Corporation’s ability to offset, through cost reductions, raw material price increases and pricing pressure brought by original equipment manufacturer customers; (k) the availability and cost of insurance; (l) the Corporation’s ability to maintain portfolio credit quality; (m) the Corporation’s access to debt financing at competitive rates; (n) uncertainty in estimating contingent liabilities and establishing reserves tailored to address such contingencies; and (o) integration of newly acquired operations and associated expenses may adversely affect profitability. SOURCE Avcorp Industries Inc. Related Links http://www.avcorp.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Riassunto: Smithers Viscient annuncia oggi la pubblicazione del libro bianco „Pollinators, Pesticides and Parasites” Next PostNext Promoting a Detrimental Drug in the Second Degree Search Recent Posts Global Alfalfa Hay Sales Market Analysis: Coverage of Major and Niche Players with Five Forces Analysis Forecast To 2020 Worldwide Road Sweeper Market Report 2020: Latest Industrial Research with Competitive Scenario and Significant Growth Opportunities Worldwide Tire Pressure Monitoring System Market Report 2020: Latest Industrial Research with Competitive Scenario and Significant Growth Opportunities New Report Exploring Rear Spoiler Market Development Overview 2020: Comprehensive Geographic Coverage, Research Methodology and Growth Inhibitors Worldwide Physical vapor deposition Market Report 2020: Latest Industrial Research with Competitive Scenario and Significant Growth Opportunities Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Avcorp Announces Organizational Changes News provided by Avcorp Industries Inc. 01 Jun, 2017, 18:58 ET Share this article VANCOUVER, June 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ - Avcorp Industries Inc. (TSX: AVP) (the "Company", "Avcorp" or the "Avcorp Group") today announced the following organizational change at Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California. Effective immediately, Jim Renaud will lead the Avcorp Group business development activities in his new role as Senior Vice President, Customers for the Avcorp Group of companies.  Jim transitions to this new role after serving as ACF General Manager of the Commercial business, in Gardena. During his tenure in that role, Jim led a number of key negotiations with customers and was instrumental in driving efficiencies and right-sizing the operations. Jim's deep understanding of operational capabilities and customers' needs makes him uniquely qualified for this new role. Effective immediately Marty Jones is named Site General Manager, Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California, with operational responsibility for both the Commercial and Military businesses. Peter George, CEO of the Avcorp Group, commented "It's critical that customers establish and maintain the highest degree of confidence with prospective suppliers, and that must be established at the earliest possible point in the relationship. Jim Renaud's level of technical and operational expertise provides that confidence for our customers. I'm looking forward to the impact Marty Jones will continue to have as he adds the oversight of the Commercial programs to his scope of responsibility, and to working closely with Jim Renaud as we continue the development plan for our Gardena operation." About Avcorp The Avcorp Group designs and builds major airframe structures for some of the world's leading aircraft companies, including BAE Systems, Boeing, Bombardier, Lockheed Martin and Subaru Corporation (formerly Fuji Heavy Industries Inc.).  The Avcorp Group has more than 50 years of experience, over 800 skilled employees and 636,000 square feet of facilities. Avcorp Structures & Integration located in Delta British Columbia, Canada is dedicated to metallic and composite aerostructures assembly and integration; Avcorp Engineered Composites located in Burlington Ontario, Canada is dedicated to design and manufacture of composite aerostructures, and Avcorp Composite Fabrication located in Gardena California, USA has advanced composite aerostructures fabrication capabilities for composite aerostructures. The Avcorp Group offers integrated composite and metallic aircraft structures to aircraft manufacturers, a distinct advantage in the pursuit of contracts for new aircraft designs, which require lower-cost, light‑weight, strong, reliable structures.  Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., at our Burlington, Ontario, Canada location also provides aircraft operators with aircraft structural component repair services for commercial aircraft.  Avcorp Composite Fabrication Inc. is wholly owned by Avcorp US Holdings Inc.  Both companies are incorporated in The State of Delaware, USA, and are wholly owned subsidiaries of Avcorp Industries Inc. Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., incorporated in the Province of Ontario, Canada, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Avcorp Industries Inc. Avcorp Industries Inc. is a federally incorporated reporting company in Canada and traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX:AVP). (signed) PETER GEORGE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AVCORP GROUP Forward-Looking Statements This release should be read in conjunction with the Company's unaudited financial statements contained in the Company's Annual Report and with the quarterly financial statements and accompanying notes filed with Sedar (www.sedar.com). Certain statements in this release and other oral and written statements made by the Company from time to time are forward-looking statements, including those that discuss strategies, goals, outlook or other non-historical matters; or projected revenues, income, returns or other financial measures.  These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the statements, including the following:  (a) changes in worldwide economic and political conditions that impact interest and foreign exchange rates; (b) the occurrence of work stoppages and strikes at key facilities of the Corporation or the Corporation's customers or suppliers; (c) government funding and program approvals affecting products being developed or sold under government programs; (d) cost and delivery performance under various program and development contracts; (e) the adequacy of cost estimates for various customer care programs including servicing warranties; (f) the ability to control costs and successful implementation of various cost reduction programs; (g) the timing of certifications of new aircraft products; (h) the occurrence of downturns in customer markets to which the Corporation products are sold or supplied or where the Corporation offers financing; (i) changes in aircraft delivery schedules or cancellation of orders; (j) the Corporation's ability to offset, through cost reductions, raw material price increases and pricing pressure brought by original equipment manufacturer customers; (k) the availability and cost of insurance; (l) the Corporation's ability to maintain portfolio credit quality; (m) the Corporation's access to debt financing at competitive rates; (n) uncertainty in estimating contingent liabilities and establishing reserves tailored to address such contingencies; and (o) integration of newly acquired operations and associated expenses may adversely affect profitability. SOURCE Avcorp Industries Inc. Related Links http://www.avcorp.com 17 Mar, 2017, 18:58 ET Preview: Avcorp Extends Credit Facilities to US$58 Million My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 16 Mar, 2017, 19:07 ET Avcorp Extends Credit Facilities to US$58 Million 16 Mar, 2017, 19:07 ET Avcorp announces the resignation of Ray Castelli Explore More news releases in similar topics Airlines & Aviation Personnel Announcements You just read: Avcorp Announces Organizational Changes News provided by Avcorp Industries Inc. 01 Jun, 2017, 18:58 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Latest News Dow 21,206 +62.11 +0.29% Nasdaq 6,306 +58.97 +0.94% S&P 500 2,439 +9.01 +0.37% 6/04 Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, UAE sever diplomatic relations with Qatar 6/04 Updated Asian markets hold steady, shaking off U.K. tensions 6/04 Updated Herbalife to lower its quarterly sales outlook: report 6/04 Vladimir Putin was being a troll and Megyn Kelly wasn’t having it 6/04 Top Democrat says there’s smoke, but ‘no smoking gun’ yet in Russia probe 6/04 Updated This is why baby boomers are divorcing at a stunning rate 6/04 Putin denies U.S. election meddling, says he barely met Mike Flynn 6/04 Updated 4 lifestyle changes to reduce your cancer risk 6/04 Updated 9 secrets to staying young 6/04 Updated How to get all Americans to save for retirement 6/04 Updated When does the five-year rule apply to Roth IRAs? 6/04 Updated Facebook aims to be ‘hostile environment for terrorists’ 6/04 Updated You’ve probably never heard of the fastest-growing job in America (clue: it helps the environment) 6/04 Updated U.S. households now have as much debt as they had in 2008 6/04 Updated Baby boomers ruined America, according to this Generation X author 6/04 Updated Teenage boys and girls are choosing very different careers 6/04 Updated More evidence student debt is making young people think twice about marriage 6/04 Updated 11 ways to build a Paris climate change accord — in your own community 6/04 Updated Is my golfing buddy the cheapest guy in America? He asked me to Venmo him $1.50 6/04 Updated Want to help the environment? Use solar power — without putting panels on your roof Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Avcorp Announces Organizational Changes By Published: June 1, 2017 6:58 p.m. ET Share VANCOUVER, June 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ - Avcorp Industries Inc. (AVP) (the "Company", "Avcorp" or the "Avcorp Group") today announced the following organizational change at Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California. Effective immediately, Jim Renaud will lead the Avcorp Group business development activities in his new role as Senior Vice President, Customers for the Avcorp Group of companies.  Jim transitions to this new role after serving as ACF General Manager of the Commercial business, in Gardena. During his tenure in that role, Jim led a number of key negotiations with customers and was instrumental in driving efficiencies and right-sizing the operations. Jim's deep understanding of operational capabilities and customers' needs makes him uniquely qualified for this new role. Effective immediately Marty Jones is named Site General Manager, Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California, with operational responsibility for both the Commercial and Military businesses. Peter George, CEO of the Avcorp Group, commented "It's critical that customers establish and maintain the highest degree of confidence with prospective suppliers, and that must be established at the earliest possible point in the relationship. Jim Renaud's level of technical and operational expertise provides that confidence for our customers. I'm looking forward to the impact Marty Jones will continue to have as he adds the oversight of the Commercial programs to his scope of responsibility, and to working closely with Jim Renaud as we continue the development plan for our Gardena operation." About Avcorp The Avcorp Group designs and builds major airframe structures for some of the world's leading aircraft companies, including BAE Systems, Boeing, Bombardier, Lockheed Martin and Subaru Corporation (formerly Fuji Heavy Industries Inc.).  The Avcorp Group has more than 50 years of experience, over 800 skilled employees and 636,000 square feet of facilities. Avcorp Structures & Integration located in Delta British Columbia, Canada is dedicated to metallic and composite aerostructures assembly and integration; Avcorp Engineered Composites located in Burlington Ontario, Canada is dedicated to design and manufacture of composite aerostructures, and Avcorp Composite Fabrication located in Gardena California, USA has advanced composite aerostructures fabrication capabilities for composite aerostructures. The Avcorp Group offers integrated composite and metallic aircraft structures to aircraft manufacturers, a distinct advantage in the pursuit of contracts for new aircraft designs, which require lower-cost, light‘weight, strong, reliable structures.  Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., at our Burlington, Ontario, Canada location also provides aircraft operators with aircraft structural component repair services for commercial aircraft.  Avcorp Composite Fabrication Inc. is wholly owned by Avcorp US Holdings Inc.  Both companies are incorporated in The State of Delaware, USA, and are wholly owned subsidiaries of Avcorp Industries Inc. Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., incorporated in the Province of Ontario, Canada, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Avcorp Industries Inc. Avcorp Industries Inc. is a federally incorporated reporting company in Canada and traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange (AVP). (signed) PETER GEORGE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AVCORP GROUP Forward-Looking Statements This release should be read in conjunction with the Company's unaudited financial statements contained in the Company's Annual Report and with the quarterly financial statements and accompanying notes filed with Sedar (www.sedar.com). Certain statements in this release and other oral and written statements made by the Company from time to time are forward-looking statements, including those that discuss strategies, goals, outlook or other non-historical matters; or projected revenues, income, returns or other financial measures.  These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the statements, including the following:  (a) changes in worldwide economic and political conditions that impact interest and foreign exchange rates; (b) the occurrence of work stoppages and strikes at key facilities of the Corporation or the Corporation's customers or suppliers; (c) government funding and program approvals affecting products being developed or sold under government programs; (d) cost and delivery performance under various program and development contracts; (e) the adequacy of cost estimates for various customer care programs including servicing warranties; (f) the ability to control costs and successful implementation of various cost reduction programs; (g) the timing of certifications of new aircraft products; (h) the occurrence of downturns in customer markets to which the Corporation products are sold or supplied or where the Corporation offers financing; (i) changes in aircraft delivery schedules or cancellation of orders; (j) the Corporation's ability to offset, through cost reductions, raw material price increases and pricing pressure brought by original equipment manufacturer customers; (k) the availability and cost of insurance; (l) the Corporation's ability to maintain portfolio credit quality; (m) the Corporation's access to debt financing at competitive rates; (n) uncertainty in estimating contingent liabilities and establishing reserves tailored to address such contingencies; and (o) integration of newly acquired operations and associated expenses may adversely affect profitability. SOURCE Avcorp Industries Inc. Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved From MarketWatch More Coverage Trump Announcement on Paris Climate Accord Most Popular Stock market bracing for potentially the most explosive stretch of trading this year Harley-Davidson is recalling 57,000 motorcycles Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400 Costco versus Amazon Prime — which membership offers more value? Trump Quits Climate Deal — Citing ‘America First’ MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Real Estate JOBS 転職 STUDY IN JAPAN Japan Showcase Sign Up | Login ≫ Twitter Facebook Newsletter RSS 22 P/SUNNY TOKYO (1 p.m.) Markets 110.59 ¥/$ (1 p.m.) News 購読の申し込み SUBSCRIBE Sign Up | Login ≫ Email Updates Today's Stories MENU City Guide Search News Opinion Life Community Culture Sports City Guide Search Search National Asia Pacific Business World Reference Columns Multimedia News National World Business Asia Pacific Reference Columns Multimedia Opinion Editorials Commentary Reader Mail Cartoons Life Travel Digital Food & Drink Environment Style & Design Language Lifestyle People Columns Multimedia Community Voices Issues Our Lives Event Listings How-tos Columns Culture Film Music Art Stage Events Festivals Books TV Columns Multimedia Sports Baseball Soccer Basketball Sumo Rugby Figure Skating Tennis More Sports Columns Multimedia Support About us Faqs Sorry, but your browser needs Javascript to use this site. If you're not sure how to activate it, please refer to this site: http://www.enable-javascript.com/ Business Enormous Stratolaunch rolled out for first time for preflight checks AP Jun 2, 2017 Article history Online: Jun 02, 2017 Last Modified: Jun 02, 2017 PRINT SHARE LOS ANGELES – Billionaire Paul G. Allen’s Stratolaunch, a massive aircraft designed to launch rockets into space from high altitude, has been rolled out of its hangar for the first time in preparation for testing. Here are things to know about the program that has been underway since 2011: ___ GIGANTIC The Stratolaunch aircraft is enormous, with a wingspan totaling 385 feet (117 meters), longer than the wingspan of any other aircraft and greater than the length of an American football field. Its twin fuselages stretch 238 feet. By comparison, the H-4 flying boat — nicknamed Spruce Goose and built by Howard Hughes in the 1940s — has a 320-foot (97.5-meter) wingspan and is just under 219 feet (67 meters) long. Among commonly seen aircraft, the double-decker Airbus A380’s wings span 262 feet (nearly 80 meters). ___ WEIGHT AND POWER The Stratolaunch aircraft weighs 500,000 pounds (226,799 kg) empty, can carry 250,000 pounds (113,399 kg) of fuel, and with payload can take off at a maximum weight of 1.3 million pounds (589,676 kg). It is powered by six engines of the same type used by Boeing 747s. ___ AIR LAUNCH On launch missions, Stratolaunch will carry as many as three rockets attached to the center of the wing between the two fuselages. The rockets will be released, ignite their engines and carry small satellites weighing up to 1,000 pounds (453.6 kg) to low Earth orbit. Under a deal announced last year, Stratolaunch will use Pegasus XL winged rockets provided by Orbital ATK of Dulles, Virginia. According to Stratolaunch, the advantages of its system include being able to use numerous airports and avoid the limitations of fixed launch sites, which can be impacted by weather, air traffic and ship traffic on ocean ranges. ___ HISTORY Airborne launches date back decades, most famously to the X-15 program of the 1950s and ’60s, when manned rocket planes were carried aloft under the wing of a B-52 bomber and released on hypersonic research flights. In the 1990s, Orbital Sciences Corp. (now Orbital ATK) began releasing rockets from the belly of a converted L-1011 airliner to put small satellites into low Earth orbit. More recently, Paul Allen, the Microsoft co-founder, funded development of the Burt Rutan-designed SpaceShipOne, the first privately developed manned spacecraft. Suspended between the twin-fuselages of a special jet, SpaceShipOne was carried to high altitude and released. It reached space on three suborbital flights in 2004. The same launch concept is being used for SpaceShipTwo, the passenger-carrying craft being developed for Sir Richard Branson’s Virgin Galactic space tourism enterprise. A spinoff, Virgin Orbit, is also developing an air launcher for putting small satellites into space. ___ WHAT’S NEXT The rollout Wednesday at Mojave Air & Space Port in the desert northeast of Los Angeles followed removal of scaffolding used during construction and placement of the aircraft on its 28 wheels for the first time. Initial testing will focus on filling the six fuel tanks to ensure they are properly sealed and that related mechanisms are operating properly. The aircraft will then be taken back inside the hangar for weight and balance testing. Ground testing will lead to flight operations and the first launch demonstration, which is expected in 2019. Photos Click to enlarge Keywords Richard Branson, Stratolaunch, satellites, Orbital, Paul Allen Business World Bank lifts Japan growth forecast to 1.5% on exports, Olympics spending Facebook vows to be ‘hostile environment’ for terrorists; Twitter targets ‘terrorist content’ SoftBank tech fund said talking with Canadian, Mideast investors Blockchain, technology behind Bitcoin, emerges as key tool in food safety battle Mail the editor Error Report Republishing Commenting Policy The Japan Times ST The Japan Times on Sunday What's Trending Now Democrats raise new questions over Sessions as Senate awaits Comey testimony Dhaveevatthana prison: hell on Earth in Thailand Trump’s cellphone use worries security experts Two Japanese tourists believed shot dead, chopped up in Philippines, police say Donald Trump makes a historic mistake Apple Pay used in fraudulent ¥4.45 million cigarette-buying spree in Saitama Is Japan slipping into prewar politics? The not-so-shady world of Japan’s singles bars Blogs Japan Pulse Yen for Living BACK TO TOP The Japan Times on Sunday The Japan Times ST Jobs Study in Japan JT for Women JT Bookclub Japanese School Directory Email Updates | Home Delivery RSS Twitter Facebook Newsletter News National World Business Asia Pacific Reference Columns Multimedia Opinion Editorials Commentary Reader Mail Cartoons Life Travel Digital Food & Drink Environment Style & Design Language Lifestyle People Columns Multimedia Community Voices Issues Our Lives Event Listings How-tos Columns Culture Film Music Art Stage Events Festivals Books TV Columns Multimedia Sports Baseball Soccer Basketball Sumo Rugby Figure Skating Tennis More Sports Columns Multimedia About us Contact us Privacy Policy Link Policy Reprints FAQs Support Press Sitemap Advertise The Japan Times LTD. All rights reserved.
Enormous Stratolaunch aircraft rolled out for first time | CTV News Skip to Main Content Skip to Section Links CTV News Mobile CTV Live Now: CTV News Channel HOT TOPICS London attack Breast cancer Alberta tornado Search Search CTV News X NEWS VIDEO LOCAL SHOWS CTV NEWS CHANNEL MYNEWS CONNECT ABOUT Sections CTV News Canada World Entertainment Politics Sci-Tech Health Sports Lifestyle Autos Business 5 Things to Know Politics: Don Martin The Green File Weather Photo Galleries Sections Latest CTV News on the Go Lifestyle Entertainment Health Captured on Camera MyNews Autos Consumer Technology Finance Shows CTV National News Power Play CTV QP W5 LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help CTV Atlantic Calgary Edmonton Kitchener Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg CTV Two Alberta Atlantic Barrie London Ottawa Vancouver Island Windsor News Programs CTV National News QP W5 CTV News Channel Power Play Schedule Follow CTV News Facebook Twitter Google + Pinterest YouTube Instagram LinkedIn Contact Contact CTV News Newsbreaker Subscribe RSS Feeds Breaking news alerts Newsletters LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help SECTIONS About Bell Media CTV News Mobile CTV.ca Contests CTV News Stox CTV News Channel CTV News Channel Schedule CTV Schedule BIOS CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team Advertisement Enormous Stratolaunch aircraft rolled out for first time Stratolaunch aircraft is moved out of its hangar for the first time in Mojave, Calif., on May 31, 2017. (Stratolaunch Systems Corp. via AP) John Antczak, The Associated Press Published Thursday, June 1, 2017 4:57PM EDT LOS ANGELES -- Billionaire Paul G. Allen's Stratolaunch, a massive aircraft designed to launch rockets into space from high altitude, has been rolled out of its hangar for the first time in preparation for testing. Here are things to know about the program that has been underway since 2011: ------ GIGANTIC The Stratolaunch aircraft is enormous, with a wingspan totalling 117 metres, longer than the wingspan of any other aircraft and greater than the length of an American football field. Its twin fuselages stretch nearly 73 metres. By comparison, the H-4 flying boat -- nicknamed Spruce Goose and built by Howard Hughes in the 1940s -- has a 97.5-metre wingspan and is just under 67 metres long. Among commonly seen aircraft, the double-decker Airbus A380's wings span nearly 80 metres. ------ WEIGHT AND POWER The Stratolaunch aircraft weighs 226,799 kilograms empty, can carry 113,399 kilograms of fuel, and with payload can take off at a maximum weight of 589,676 kilograms. It is powered by six engines of the same type used by Boeing 747s. ------ AIR LAUNCH On launch missions, Stratolaunch will carry as many as three rockets attached to the centre of the wing between the two fuselages. The rockets will be released, ignite their engines and carry small satellites weighing up to 453.6 kilograms to low Earth orbit. Under a deal announced last year, Stratolaunch will use Pegasus XL winged rockets provided by Orbital ATK of Dulles, Virginia. According to Stratolaunch, the advantages of its system include being able to use numerous airports and avoid the limitations of fixed launch sites which can be impacted by weather, air traffic and ship traffic on ocean ranges. ------ HISTORY Airborne launches date back decades, most famously to the X-15 program of the 1950s and '60s, when manned rocket planes were carried aloft under the wing of a B-52 bomber and released on hypersonic research flights. In the 1990s, Orbital Sciences Corp. (now Orbital ATK) began releasing rockets from the belly of a converted L-1011 airliner to put small satellites into low Earth orbit. More recently, Paul Allen, the Microsoft co-founder, funded development of the Burt Rutan-designed SpaceShipOne, the first privately developed manned spacecraft. Suspended between the twin-fuselages of a special jet, SpaceShipOne was carried to high altitude and released. It reached space on three suborbital flights in 2004. The same launch concept is being used for SpaceShipTwo, the passenger-carrying craft being developed for Sir Richard Branson's Virgin Galactic space tourism enterprise. A spinoff, Virgin Orbit, is also developing an air launcher for putting small satellites into space. ------ WHAT'S NEXT The rollout Wednesday at Mojave Air & Space Port in the desert northeast of Los Angeles followed removal of scaffolding used during construction and placement of the aircraft on its 28 wheels for the first time. Initial testing will focus on filling the six fuel tanks to ensure they are properly sealed and that related mechanisms are operating properly. The aircraft will then be taken back inside the hangar for weight and balance testing. Ground testing will lead to flight operations and the first launch demonstration, which is expected in 2019. Related Links Stratolaunch website Photos Stratolaunch aircraft in Mojave, Calif., on May 31, 2017. (Stratolaunch Systems Corp. via AP) Stratolaunch aircraft in Mojave, Calif., on May 31, 2017. (Stratolaunch Systems Corp. via AP) Report Error MOST WATCHED false CTV National News for Sunday, June 4, 2017 Air Date: June 4, 2017 false Teen records racist rant at Chinese grocery store Air Date: June 4, 2017 false CTV National News: Canadian victim identified Air Date: June 4, 2017 false CTV National News for Saturday, June 3, 2017 Air Date: June 3, 2017 false CTV National News: 12 arrested in London attack Air Date: June 4, 2017 false CTV National News: Dramatic witness accounts Air Date: June 4, 2017 false CTV News Channel: 'I just had to get it cut' Air Date: June 4, 2017 false British counterterrorism police arrest 12 Air Date: June 4, 2017 false Castlegar woman killed in London terror attacks Air Date: June 4, 2017 false CTV National News: 'One Love Manchester' concert Air Date: June 4, 2017 false 'Had room in her heart for everyone' Family speaks Air Date: June 4, 2017 false Fatal shooting at basketball court in Forest Lawn Air Date: June 4, 2017 More News from Sci-Tech Poachers kill two former circus lions Massive iceberg set to break off from Antarctic ice shelf Smart cities to take centre stage at CES 2018 Trump describes U.S. as cleanest nation but facts muddy the claim Takeoff and cruise: Toyota making 'flying car,' luxury boat UNESCO has 'serious concern' over Great Barrier Reef coral Join the conversation... Advertisement CTV News Video Network false 'Prime of her life': Canadian among victims of London attack false Heroism in London among harrowing witness accounts false Fatal shooting at Calgary basketball court targeted: police false Woman berates Chinese employees for not speaking English CTV National News for June 4: Canadian victim identified Most Popular Stories 1 Canadian killed in London terror attack identified 27 2 Alta. man mowing lawn during tornado was 'keeping an eye on it' 1 3 Alberta mom dies from cancer weeks after twins' birth 1 4 Trump vows to do whatever is necessary to protect U.S. 1 5 Noise pollution and air pollution both have negative effects on heart health: study 6 12 arrested in London's night of terror; ISIS claims attack 22 7 London attack updates: Analyst group says ISIS claims London attack 22 8 Small, cheetah-like African cat on the loose in Ont. town: police 9 Putrid breath lands man in ER, doc discovers stone under tongue 10 #OneLoveManchester: Ariana Grande pays tribute to concert attack victims 6 Don't Miss false 'One Love Manchester': Show heals and unifies despite pain false Team building: Canadian athletes prep for 2018 Games false 'Keeping my eye on it': Man mows lawn as tornado approaches CANADA Ottawa vigilant as Canada 150 birthday party looms after London attack: mayor More Canadians seeking disability benefits have denials overturned on appeal Alta. man mowing lawn during tornado was 'keeping an eye on it' WORLD Advocates fear deportations will lead to child labour surge in Haiti UN chief announces new talks on Cyprus reunification in June 12 arrested in London's night of terror; ISIS claims attack ENTERTAINMENT 'Come From Away' wins 3 Drama Desk Awards 'Wonder Woman' shatters glass ceiling and box office record with $100.5M debut 'Live with Kelly and Ryan' preps for Trudeau guest appeance in Niagara Falls HEALTH Montreal surgeons use augmented reality in N. American first Alberta mom dies from cancer weeks after twins' birth Quickly reporting cancer complications may boost survival: study POLITICS Military faces intensive archival search to pinpoint gay purge numbers U.S. ignored Canada's advice on Paris climate deal, McKenna says TV producers pitch 24 Sussex reality show SCI-TECH Poachers kill two former circus lions Massive iceberg set to break off from Antarctic ice shelf Smart cities to take centre stage at CES 2018 BUSINESS Five things to watch for in the Canadian business world in the coming week Minnesota to open 22 meetings on disputed Enbridge pipeline Canadian accused in Yahoo hack appeals decision to deny bail AUTOS Toyota making 'flying car,' luxury boat Harley Davidson recalls bikes; oil line can detach and cause crash Nova Scotia man ordered to remove front-end 'Grabher' licence plate SPORTS Curry, Durant lead Warriors in 132-113 rout of Cavaliers Montreal's Stevenson pounds Fonfara to keep WBC light-heavyweight title French Open: Canada's Roanic ousted in fourth round by Spain's Carreno Busta Lifestyle Supreme strength: Ruth Bader Ginsburg's workout becomes a book Transgender teen crowned prom king in small-town Ontario In touching reunions, families meet paramedics who delivered their babies CTV News on the Go false British police arrest 12 in London Bridge terror attack PM says Canadian among the dead in London terror attack 'One Love Manchester': Show heals and unifies despite pain In Pictures   'One Love Manchester' concert raises money for terror victims Berlin lights up in solidarity of London terror attack Detroit Grand Prix 2017 zooms into town Advertise on CTVNews.ca Advertise with Bell Media About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Producer Guidelines Contact Us Local News CTV News Atlantic CTV News Calgary CTV News Edmonton CTV News Kitchener CTV News Montreal CTV News Northern Ontario CTV News Ottawa CTV News Regina CTV News Saskatoon CTV News Toronto CTV News Vancouver CTV News Winnipeg CTV Two Atlantic Alberta Barrie London Ottawa Windsor Vancouver Island CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Video Sign In Video Sign Out CTV News GO Video Help CTV News on Mobile Site login View Mobile Site Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2017 All rights reserved. Back to top
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Pence's Pilots Landed Too Far Down LaGuardia Runway in Crash by Alan Levin @AlanLevin1 More stories by Alan Levin June 1, 2017, 4:30 PM EDT June 1, 2017, 5:41 PM EDT NTSB releases factual reports on October skidding incident ‘My career just ended,’ captain says on voice recorder Vice President Mike Pence’s charter pilots flew thousands of feet too far down a New York airport runway last October before touching down and skidding into a bed designed to prevent aircraft from sliding onto an adjacent highway. “Down, down, down, down,” the plane’s captain implored the copilot, who was at the controls of the Boeing Co. 737-700 just a few feet over the LaGuardia Airport runway, according to a transcript of the voice recorder released on Thursday. The U.S. National Transportation Safety Board released reports detailing the pilots’ actions, the weather and the plane’s performance. The accident investigation agency hasn’t yet concluded the cause of the Oct. 27 incident. None of the nine crew members and 39 passengers, including Pence, were hurt. The  Eastern Air Lines Group Inc. pilots landed on a rainy night with a tail-wind, which can make it harder to slow down. After the aircraft came to a stop, both the pilots said they should have aborted the touchdown rather than attempting to land with such little stopping distance remaining, according to the cockpit transcript. The plane’s flight data showed it touched down 4,242 feet (1,293 meters) beyond the start of the runway, more than half way down the 7,001-foot landing strip’s length, according to NTSB. Touchdown Regrets “My career just ended,” Captain Robert Galloway said seconds after the plane came to a stop. “We should have went around,” copilot Diego Restrepo replied, referring to aborting the touchdown, a flight procedure known as a go-around. Galloway agreed. While the multiple reports issued by NTSB didn’t attempt to identify causes of the incident, performance of the flight crew will be a focus. The plane leveled off as it neared the ground -- which Boeing’s flight manual said should be avoided. It also was flying higher than the recommended path to the runway, according to NTSB. Pilots are generally supposed to break off a landing if that happens. In addition, the captain took control of the plane after the touchdown, but didn’t announce what he was doing, according to the records. The touchdown was farther down the runway than the 3,000 feet NTSB had initially estimated in a preliminary report Nov. 22. Boeing recommends landing within 2,333 feet of the start of the LaGuardia runway, according to NTSB records. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read London Terror Attack Before Vote Leaves 7 Dead, Many Hurt As China Eyes Trade Growth, Europe Moves to Calm Wary Industries May Ramps Up Anti-Terror Rhetoric After Attack Kills Seven Toyota Says It Sold Entire Stake in Tesla in 2016 London Cops Adjust to New Terror Reality With Guns, Helicopters Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Lockheed Sees $28 Billion from Saudi Weapons Sales; Boeing Sees $50 Billion By Paul Ausick June 1, 2017 2:05 pm EDT Print Email Tweet At a conference in New York Wednesday, Lockheed Martin Corp. (NYSE: LMT) CEO Marillyn Hewson said she could see up to $28 billion in new business for Lockheed alone as a result of President Trump’s recent announcement that the Saudis would purchase up to $110 billion in weapons from the United States. Not to be outdone, Boeing Co.’s (NYSE: BA) CEO Dennis Muilenburg reportedly said Boeing’s share of the Saudi pie could be worth more than $50 billion, including both military and commercial sales. He did not specify the value of the military portion by itself. A large portion of these estimates are no doubt down to maintenance and sustainment deals that can run for periods as long as 30 years, so don’t expect either company’s revenues to surge over the next quarter or two. In fact, the sustainment part of these kinds of deals typically amounts to 70% of the total value. Foreign weapons sales take a long to time to negotiate and a long time to deliver. Congress must be notified of a pending deal and that is a potential minefield. If the sale is not stopped there, then the contracts must be drawn up between the manufacturer and the country before manufacturing and delivery begin. Payments for the hardware typically begin when the contract is signed, followed by a future payment when the actual unit gets to the assembly line, and then the final payment is received when the system is delivered. Then the sustainment payments begin. In 2012 the Saudis received the okay to acquire 25 C-130 aircraft, some as tankers and some the basic cargo hauler. So far the country has purchased just two, and the rest likely fall under this newly announced deal. Lockheed’s Hewson told Aerospace Daily that the Saudis are looking for four multimission warships and Lockheed is proposing a variant of its Littoral Combat Ship. Lockheed and a Saudi state company also agreed to form a joint venture to support final assembly and completion of about 150 S-70 Black Hawk utility helicopters. She also said that Lockheed’s THAAD and PAC-3 missile systems may be on the Saudi shopping list. There has been no report of what Boeing might be selling to Saudi Arabia, but expect to hear something soon. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Why Minerva Shares Are Climbing UnitedHealth, Goldman Sachs Push DJIA Higher Thursday » Read more: Aerospace & Defense, featured, Politics, Saudi Arabia, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA), Lockheed Martin Corp (NYSE:LMT) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular Cities Americans Are Abandoning The Most and Least Reliable Car in Each Class Cities Where Crime Is Soaring The Drunkest (and Driest) Cities in America The Most Dangerous City in Every State Recent “Wonder Woman” Hits $100 Million, Record For Female Director Analysts Find Gold, Dross in Retail Stocks IPOs This Week: ShotSpotter Headlines Limited Action Chinese Admit Cars Are Major Source Of Air Pollution Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search 11 Million Americans Are Making This Huge Money Mistake 1 Important Portfolio Checkup You Need to Do in 2017 An Apple Inc. Supplier Seems to Confirm the iPhone 8 Delay Prime Minister Theresa May: London incidents to be treated as terror incidents Dow, S&P 500 end up 0.3%; Nasdaq Composite closes up 0.9% Nasdaq logs a 1.5% weekly return Does the Stock Market Care About the Paris Climate Deal? American Express (AXP) Gains Exclusive Card Deal for Hilton Bank Stock Roundup: Weak Q2 Trading Outlook Raises Concern, BofA & Citi in Focus Sears says some Kmart customer credit card numbers compromised US energy chief reassures Japan of commitment to environment Warren Buffett's annual lunch auction starts Sunday evening 'Wonder Woman' Shatters Box Office With Biggest Female Director Opening. Ever. SpaceX Launches First Recycled Cargo Ship Into Orbit A New Bill Would Protect Immigrant Farmworkers. It Has Little Chance Of Survival. Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Shopping Jobs Driving Homes Remembering Celebrating Newspapers TV Networks National Post The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Oddities News Happening Now Local National World Oddities Photo Galleries Weather Business Money Markets Mortgages Sports Hockey NHL Video Highlights Football-CFL Football-NFL Baseball Basketball Winter Sports Golf Racing Soccer Tennis MMA Entertainment Celebrity Music Movies Television Books TV Listings Lifestyle Fashion & Beauty Food Parenting Relationships Astrology Health Diet & Fitness Sexual Health Seniors Family & Child Men Women Travel Destinations Technology Gaming Internet Tech-Biz Space Personal Tech         Enormous Stratolaunch aircraft rolled out for first time     By John Antczak, The Associated Press June 1, 2017     Story Photos ( 2 )     In this May 31, 2017 photo provided by Stratolaunch Systems Corp., the newly built Stratolaunch aircraft is moved out of its hangar for the first time in Mojave, Calif. The aircraft will undergo ground tests in preparation for flights in which the aircraft will launch rockets from high altitude. (Stratolaunch Systems Corp. via AP) LOS ANGELES — Billionaire Paul G. Allen's Stratolaunch, a massive aircraft designed to launch rockets into space from high altitude, has been rolled out of its hangar for the first time in preparation for testing. Here are things to know about the program that has been underway since 2011: ___ GIGANTIC The Stratolaunch aircraft is enormous, with a wingspan totalling 385 feet (117 metres), longer than the wingspan of any other aircraft and greater than the length of an American football field. Its twin fuselages stretch 238 feet. By comparison, the H-4 flying boat — nicknamed Spruce Goose and built by Howard Hughes in the 1940s — has a 320-foot (97.5-meter) wingspan and is just under 219 feet (67 metres) long. Among commonly seen aircraft, the double-decker Airbus A380's wings span 262 feet (nearly 80 metres). ___ WEIGHT AND POWER The Stratolaunch aircraft weighs 500,000 pounds (226,799 kilograms) empty, can carry 250,000 pounds (113,399 kilograms) of fuel, and with payload can take off at a maximum weight of 1.3 million pounds (589,676 kilograms). It is powered by six engines of the same type used by Boeing 747s. ___ AIR LAUNCH On launch missions, Stratolaunch will carry as many as three rockets attached to the centre of the wing between the two fuselages. The rockets will be released, ignite their engines and carry small satellites weighing up to 1,000 pounds (453.6 kilograms) to low Earth orbit. Under a deal announced last year, Stratolaunch will use Pegasus XL winged rockets provided by Orbital ATK of Dulles, Virginia. According to Stratolaunch, the advantages of its system include being able to use numerous airports and avoid the limitations of fixed launch sites which can be impacted by weather, air traffic and ship traffic on ocean ranges. ___ HISTORY Airborne launches date back decades, most famously to the X-15 program of the 1950s and '60s, when manned rocket planes were carried aloft under the wing of a B-52 bomber and released on hypersonic research flights. In the 1990s, Orbital Sciences Corp. (now Orbital ATK) began releasing rockets from the belly of a converted L-1011 airliner to put small satellites into low Earth orbit. More recently, Paul Allen, the Microsoft co-founder, funded development of the Burt Rutan-designed SpaceShipOne, the first privately developed manned spacecraft. Suspended between the twin-fuselages of a special jet, SpaceShipOne was carried to high altitude and released. It reached space on three suborbital flights in 2004. The same launch concept is being used for SpaceShipTwo, the passenger-carrying craft being developed for Sir Richard Branson's Virgin Galactic space tourism enterprise. A spinoff, Virgin Orbit, is also developing an air launcher for putting small satellites into space. ___ WHAT'S NEXT The rollout Wednesday at Mojave Air & Space Port in the desert northeast of Los Angeles followed removal of scaffolding used during construction and placement of the aircraft on its 28 wheels for the first time. Initial testing will focus on filling the six fuel tanks to ensure they are properly sealed and that related mechanisms are operating properly. The aircraft will then be taken back inside the hangar for weight and balance testing. Ground testing will lead to flight operations and the first launch demonstration, which is expected in 2019.       E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article           Story Tools   E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article   Font: * * * * *   Image: * * * *   Previous Next     In this May 31, 2017 photo provided by Stratolaunch Systems Corp., the newly built Stratolaunch aircraft is moved out of its hangar for the first time in Mojave, Calif. The aircraft will undergo ground tests in preparation for flights in which the aircraft will launch rockets from high altitude. (Stratolaunch Systems Corp. via AP)       E-mail this Gallery Print this Gallery Share this Gallery         Photo Galleries »   Leonard Cohen Photos: Leonard Cohen honoured... Leonard Cohen is honoured at the Glenn Gould Prize... more »   Gallery: Italian cruise ship disaster... Passengers leapt into the sea and fought over lifejackets... more »   Photos: Deadly winds hit U.K. One man dies as winds of over 160kph hit Britain and... more » Video: Winds batter Britain Toronto issues 'extreme' cold alert as mercury to drop to -16C   Gallery: Republican candidates... Republican presidential candidates race across Iowa... more »     More Photo Galleries »     Related Topics   business Los Angeles The Canadian Press         Business Videos         Most Popular canada.com E-mailed Shared     Sponsored By           FP Business Wire »   FP Business Wire   Zymeworks Presents Safety and Anti-Tumor Activity Data from the Ongoing Phase 1 Study of ZW25 at the American Society of Clinical Oncology Annual Meeting (ASCO 2017) Global Automotive Windshield Market 2017-2021: Top Drivers and Forecasts by Technavio Royal Gold Expands Revolving Credit Facility and Pays Down another $50 million of Debt           News Business Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Health Travel Technology Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Most Popular Formats Sitemap / RSS Contests Blogs Photo Galleries Videos Canada.com About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us FAQs Tools Canada.com Search for a Job Buy / Sell a Car Infomart Place a Classified Ad Newsletters and Alerts Flyercity.ca About canada.com | Privacy Statement | Terms | Copyright & Permissions © 2010-2017 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy
MetroNews Canada MetroNews Canada Sorry, MetroNews.ca requires JavaScript. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and refresh the page for an optimal experience. Home News Calgary Edmonton Halifax Ottawa Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg Canada World Views Entertainment Life Food Money Health Travel Technology Careers Wheels.ca Business Sports Your Home Horoscopes Games Features Special Features Contests Flyers News / World Enormous Stratolaunch aircraft rolled out for first time Share on Facebook A A Share via Email Print By: John Antczak The Associated Press Published on LOS ANGELES — Billionaire Paul G. Allen's Stratolaunch, a massive aircraft designed to launch rockets into space from high altitude, has been rolled out of its hangar for the first time in preparation for testing. Here are things to know about the program that has been underway since 2011: ___ GIGANTIC The Stratolaunch aircraft is enormous, with a wingspan totalling 385 feet (117 metres ), longer than the wingspan of any other aircraft and greater than the length of an American football field. Its twin fuselages stretch 238 feet. By comparison, the H-4 flying boat — nicknamed Spruce Goose and built by Howard Hughes in the 1940s — has a 320-foot (97.5-meter) wingspan and is just under 219 feet (67 metres ) long. Among commonly seen aircraft, the double-decker Airbus A380's wings span 262 feet (nearly 80 metres ). ___ WEIGHT AND POWER The Stratolaunch aircraft weighs 500,000 pounds (226,799 kilograms) empty, can carry 250,000 pounds (113,399 kilograms) of fuel, and with payload can take off at a maximum weight of 1.3 million pounds (589,676 kilograms). It is powered by six engines of the same type used by Boeing 747s. ___ AIR LAUNCH On launch missions, Stratolaunch will carry as many as three rockets attached to the centre of the wing between the two fuselages. The rockets will be released, ignite their engines and carry small satellites weighing up to 1,000 pounds (453.6 kilograms) to low Earth orbit. Under a deal announced last year, Stratolaunch will use Pegasus XL winged rockets provided by Orbital ATK of Dulles, Virginia. According to Stratolaunch, the advantages of its system include being able to use numerous airports and avoid the limitations of fixed launch sites which can be impacted by weather, air traffic and ship traffic on ocean ranges. ___ HISTORY Airborne launches date back decades, most famously to the X-15 program of the 1950s and '60s, when manned rocket planes were carried aloft under the wing of a B-52 bomber and released on hypersonic research flights. In the 1990s, Orbital Sciences Corp. (now Orbital ATK) began releasing rockets from the belly of a converted L-1011 airliner to put small satellites into low Earth orbit. More recently, Paul Allen, the Microsoft co-founder, funded development of the Burt Rutan-designed SpaceShipOne, the first privately developed manned spacecraft. Suspended between the twin-fuselages of a special jet, SpaceShipOne was carried to high altitude and released. It reached space on three suborbital flights in 2004. The same launch concept is being used for SpaceShipTwo, the passenger-carrying craft being developed for Sir Richard Branson's Virgin Galactic space tourism enterprise. A spinoff, Virgin Orbit, is also developing an air launcher for putting small satellites into space. ___ WHAT'S NEXT The rollout Wednesday at Mojave Air & Space Port in the desert northeast of Los Angeles followed removal of scaffolding used during construction and placement of the aircraft on its 28 wheels for the first time. Initial testing will focus on filling the six fuel tanks to ensure they are properly sealed and that related mechanisms are operating properly. The aircraft will then be taken back inside the hangar for weight and balance testing. Ground testing will lead to flight operations and the first launch demonstration, which is expected in 2019. Editors' Picks Photos Photos Winnipeg Pride Festival ends, police open to consultations Black Graduation Celebration a new way of inspiring young generations Video: Frustrated Mr. Met flips off fans at Citi Field Pulling trucks and lifting boulders: Calgary women train for Strongman competition More on Metronews.ca Most Popular 5 simple ways to help the honey bees Canadian woman Christine Archibald identified as victim in London terror attack Alberta man mowing the lawn during twister takes social media by storm 'Push everyone to be better:' Legacy of Wade Smith to live on as city mourns his death Back to Mobile About About Us Contact Careers RSS Feeds Terms Advertising Terms Terms and Conditions Privacy Code Metronews.ca My Metro Store Contests Metro Panel Special Features FAQ © Copyright Free Daily News Group Inc. 2001-2017 Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: Getting a buyout from the EPA?•Fed-focused bills on Capitol Hill•Which TSP fund went into the red? Headlines Get Email Alerts Business News Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Enormous Stratolaunch aircraft rolled… Enormous Stratolaunch aircraft rolled out for first time By JOHN ANTCZAK June 1, 2017 9:04 pm 3 min read Share LOS ANGELES (AP) — Billionaire Paul G. Allen’s Stratolaunch, a massive aircraft designed to launch rockets into space from high altitude, has been rolled out of its hangar for the first time in preparation for testing. Here are things to know about the program that has been underway since 2011: ___ GIGANTIC Register now to learn how DHS and Commerce are implementing CDM strategies. Advertisement The Stratolaunch aircraft is enormous, with a wingspan totaling 385 feet (117 meters), longer than the wingspan of any other aircraft and greater than the length of an American football field. Its twin fuselages stretch 238 feet. By comparison, the H-4 flying boat — nicknamed Spruce Goose and built by Howard Hughes in the 1940s — has a 320-foot (97.5-meter) wingspan and is just under 219 feet (67 meters) long. Among commonly seen aircraft, the double-decker Airbus A380’s wings span 262 feet (nearly 80 meters). ___ WEIGHT AND POWER The Stratolaunch aircraft weighs 500,000 pounds (226,799 kilograms) empty, can carry 250,000 pounds (113,399 kilograms) of fuel, and with payload can take off at a maximum weight of 1.3 million pounds (589,676 kilograms). Check out Federal News Radio's latest podcasts. It is powered by six engines of the same type used by Boeing 747s. ___ AIR LAUNCH On launch missions, Stratolaunch will carry as many as three rockets attached to the center of the wing between the two fuselages. The rockets will be released, ignite their engines and carry small satellites weighing up to 1,000 pounds (453.6 kilograms) to low Earth orbit. Under a deal announced last year, Stratolaunch will use Pegasus XL winged rockets provided by Orbital ATK of Dulles, Virginia. According to Stratolaunch, the advantages of its system include being able to use numerous airports and avoid the limitations of fixed launch sites which can be impacted by weather, air traffic and ship traffic on ocean ranges. ___ HISTORY Airborne launches date back decades, most famously to the X-15 program of the 1950s and ’60s, when manned rocket planes were carried aloft under the wing of a B-52 bomber and released on hypersonic research flights. In the 1990s, Orbital Sciences Corp. (now Orbital ATK) began releasing rockets from the belly of a converted L-1011 airliner to put small satellites into low Earth orbit. More recently, Paul Allen, the Microsoft co-founder, funded development of the Burt Rutan-designed SpaceShipOne, the first privately developed manned spacecraft. Suspended between the twin-fuselages of a special jet, SpaceShipOne was carried to high altitude and released. It reached space on three suborbital flights in 2004. The same launch concept is being used for SpaceShipTwo, the passenger-carrying craft being developed for Sir Richard Branson’s Virgin Galactic space tourism enterprise. A spinoff, Virgin Orbit, is also developing an air launcher for putting small satellites into space. ___ WHAT’S NEXT The rollout Wednesday at Mojave Air & Space Port in the desert northeast of Los Angeles followed removal of scaffolding used during construction and placement of the aircraft on its 28 wheels for the first time. Initial testing will focus on filling the six fuel tanks to ensure they are properly sealed and that related mechanisms are operating properly. The aircraft will then be taken back inside the hangar for weight and balance testing. Ground testing will lead to flight operations and the first launch demonstration, which is expected in 2019. Related Topics Business News Lifestyle News Science News Technology News U.S. News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Enormous Stratolaunch aircraft rolled… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Top Stories May TSP returns continue positive streak, minus one negative outlier Top Story IRS to start website overhaul in August Technology EPA's government reorganization summer homework Workforce 10 bills you missed while you were focused on the budget Legislation What’s it like inside Mattis’ Pentagon? Defense News Fed Photo of the Day USDA celebrates National Egg Day with day-old chics Today in History 1954: Sen. Joseph McCarthy charges communists are in the CIA THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER Jun 02, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.9816 0.0275 2.80% L 2020 25.7437 0.0680 4.59% L 2030 28.8357 0.1161 6.52% L 2040 31.1263 0.1459 7.46% L 2050 17.8873 0.0941 8.30% G Fund 15.3373 0.0009 0.98% F Fund 17.9321 0.0503 2.57% C Fund 33.9325 0.1257 8.67% S Fund 43.9355 0.1937 4.96% I Fund 28.5205 0.3243 14.31% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2017 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
The Colorado Springs GazetteThe Gazette is Colorado Springs's most trusted source for breaking news, sports, weather, obituaries, politics, business, art, entertainment, blogs, video, photos. Save this content for laterSave this content on your device for later, even while offline Sign in with GoogleSign in with your Google account Sign in with FacebookSign in with your Facebook account Close Search Fewer ads, faster browsing SUBSCRIBE TODAY! Subscribe Login Sun, Jun 4, 2017 News Sports Business Politics Opinion Life A&E Obits Shopping About Photo/Video Popular Top Local News U.S. & World Crime & Justice Weather Graduations Closings & Delays Military Education Colorado Politics Special Interest Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic The Cheyenne Edition The Woodmen Edition Submit a news tip Child hospitalized following shooting in northeast Colorado Springs Colorado Springs wildfire preparedness meeting planned for Tuesday Archives Subscriber Benefits Search Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Employment Opportunities Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Report an Issue Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Top Sports Stories Gazette Preps Peak Performers Paul Klee Woody Paige David Ramsey Air Force Academy Broncos Colorado College Baseball Olympics Switchbacks FC Brent Briggeman's Blog Scott Kaniewski's Blog Paul Klee's Blog Joe Paisley's Blog David Ramsey's Blog Matt Wiley's Blog Navy standout safety says he's transferring a month after pro policy change Popular Top Business Stories Economic Indicators Movers & Shakers Get a Job Monday Ted Rayburn Resources Leading Lawyers Leading Medical Professionals Will the U.S. Olympic Museum propel the long-sought makeover of Colorado Springs' southwest downtown area? Vectrus CEO: Strategy is two innings into nine-inning game Popular Top Life Stories Out There Travel Home & Garden Food Health Faith & Values Parenting Around Town My Colorado Pets Advertising Special Sections OutThereColorado.com Nonprofit News Think Pink Celebrate Pulse Heart Health Month Stroke Awareness Month Business Spotlight In bug museum's 65th year, John May's descendents carry on his Colorado Springs legacy Colorado Springs-area events calendar: Saturday, June 3 Popular GO! Top Entertainment ColoradoSprings.com Best of the Springs Dining & Drink Restaurant Reviews Discover Guide Cinema Guide Pop Culture Beer Map Fun Comics/Puzzles Horoscopes Celebs TV Must See Must Do: Test the waters at Uncle Wilber Fountain, run in the mud, celebrate a headless chicken Colorado Springs-area events calendar: Sunday, June 4 Popular Top Editorials Guest Editorial Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Blogs Popular Top Politics Election Local/County State Colorado Politics Photos Top Images The Latest Best of Local Best of Sports Videos Top Videos Best of Local Best of Sports Best of Life Best of Military Features Government Videos A&E Videos Blogs Business Spotlight Eric Singer Switchbacks midfielder Rony Argueta talk about his game-winning goal Fort Carson Teddy Bear Clinic to help "injured" animals in Colorado Springs Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Deals Circulars Jobs Deal of the Day Real Estate Garage Sales Shop for Cars Legal Notices Classifieds Merchandise Dogs Rentals Service Directory Springs Coupons Various/Misc. Post an ad Shop Local Businesses Shop Local Toggle navigation Home Account Login Register Search Google Survey FAQ Contact Us Contact Contact Us Become a Carrier Carrier Portal Employment Opportunities Report an Issue Mobile Apps Archives Subscriber Benefits News Local News Local News Top Local headlines Crime & Justice Government Elections Military Education Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic Closings & Delays Submit a News Tip U.S. & World U.S. & World Sports Sports Top Sports Headlines David Ramsey Paul Klee Broncos Peyton Manning Nuggets Avs Rockies Sky Sox Switchbacks FC Air Force Academy Colorado College Olympics Preps OutThere Colorado Business Business Top Business Headlines Local Stocks Wall Street Journal Economic Indicators Opinion Opinion Top Editorial Guest Editorial Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Politics Life Life Top Life Headlines OutThere Colorado Travel Home & Garden Dining & Drink Beer Map Food Health Faith & Values Parenting My Colorado Around Town Pets A&E A&E Top A&E Headlines Entertainment Best of the Springs Discover Guide ColoradoSprings.com Cinema Guide Celebrity News T.V. Comics & Puzzles Horoscopes Colorado Politics Video & Photo Top Videos Videos News Videos Sports Videos Life Videos Military Videos Government Videos A&E Videos Eric Singer Top Photos Photos View Photos Buy Photos Most Recent Videos Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Coupons and Deals Deal of the Day Circulars Springs Coupons Marketplace Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds Classifieds Garage Sales Legal Notices Merchandise Real Estate Rentals Service Directory Various/Misc. Post an ad Colorado Springs News, Sports & Business | Colorado Springs Gazette, News 2017 Graduation View galleries for local high schools and colleges News: Local News Historic Colorado School for The Deaf and The Blind receiving major updates Sun, Jun 4, 2017 - 1:14 PM 0 The historic, collegiate gothic architecture of the Colorado School for The Deaf and The Blind is taking on an "in with the old, in with the new" look.... Role of Colorado Springs Sky Sox could shift with Brewers a surprise contender Sun, Jun 4, 2017 - 7:57 PM 0 The collection of talent populating the Sky Sox roster – and sprinkled throughout Milwaukee’s system – can be traced in large part to a sell-off mode that set the stage... Navy standout safety says he's transferring a month after pro policy change Woody Paige: Broncos QB situation could have been even more of a jumbled mess Politics About 100 gather in downtown Colorado Springs to protest against Trump's withdrawal of Paris climate accord Sun, Jun 4, 2017 - 8:50 PM 0 A Colorado Springs protest against President Donald Trump's recent decision to pull America out of an international climate pact drew about 100 people... Colorado Springs woman arrested in toddler-on-toddler shooting Sun, Jun 4, 2017 - 2:40 PM A 30-year-old woman has been arrested in connection with a toddler-on-toddler shooting inside a... Islamic State said to claim responsibility for London attack Sun, Jun 4, 2017 - 6:13 PM 0 LONDON — A news agency affiliated with Islamic State claimed Sunday that the militant group... Latest Local Shoving match at Colorado Springs teen party ends with multiple injuries By: Chhun Sun - 6 hr ago Colorado woman seeks release before pipeline protest shooting trial By: The Associated Press - 9 hr ago Voice of the Consumer: Amazon scam entices the unwary By: Betty Sexton - 9 hr ago Colorado Springs' largest class of police recruits will ease department's staffing issues By: Kaitlin Durbin - 15 hr ago In bug museum's 65th year, John May's descendents carry on his Colorado Springs legacy By: Seth Boster - 15 hr ago Update: Missing 'at-risk' girl safely returned to family in Colorado Springs By: Chhun Sun - 16 hr ago Sunday's forecast: Sunshine to hit Colorado Springs with no chance of rain By: Chhun Sun - 16 hr ago Top Stories Trump vows to do whatever is necessary to protect US By: DARLENE SUPERVILLE, Associated Press - 2 hr ago Curry, Durant lead Warriors to 2-0 lead By: JANIE McCAULEY , AP Sports Writer - 2 hr ago Right-wing free speech rally draws massive counter-protests in Portland By: Leah Sottile, The Washington Post - 4 hr ago 'Oi, terrorists, cowards!' Fighting back in London's chaos By: GREGORY KATZ and LORI HINNANT , Associated Press - 7 hr ago Trump criticizes London mayor after latest attack on city By: DARLENE SUPERVILLE , Associated Press - 8 hr ago Grande, Bieber, Katy Perry sing at Manchester benefit show By: HILARY FOX & MESFIN FEKADU, AP Music Writer - 8 hr ago Police arrest 12 after night of terror in heart of London By: GREGORY KATZ, DANICA KIRKA and JILL LAWLESS, Associated Press - 10 hr ago <p>Your browser does not support IFrame Embeds, please update your browser to view this gallery</p> Photo Galleries Big Dog Brag Mud Run 2017 Calhan High School Graduation May Natural History Museum 2017 Community Prep High School Graduation 2017 The Career Building Academy Graduation 7 Colorado destinations with a wild, wild past 2017 Colorado School for the Deaf and the Blind Graduation Peak Performers 2016-17 7 Colorado destinations that offer thrills, chills A Look Back 11 summer events not to miss in Colorado Springs Memorial Day at Evergreen Cemetery 2017 MeadowGrass Music Festival 2017 Cheyenne Mountain High School Graduation 2017 Peyton High School Graduation 2017 Woodland Park High School Graduation 2017 Hanover High School Graduation 2017 Vista Ridge High School Graduation 2017 Sand Creek High School Graduation 2017 Falcon High School Graduation 2017 The Classical Academy Graduation 2017 Fountain Valley School Graduation 2017 Thomas MacLaren School Graduation 2017 Fountain-Fort Carson High School graduation 2017 Evangelical Christian Academy Graduation 2017 Colorado Springs Early Colleges Graduation 2017 The Bijou School Graduation 2017 Civa Charter High School Graduation Introducing ColoradoPolitics.com, driving the state's political conversation every day Latest Local 6 hr ago Shoving match at Colorado Springs teen party ends with multiple injuries 9 hr ago Colorado woman seeks release before pipeline protest shooting trial 9 hr ago Voice of the Consumer: Amazon scam entices the unwary 15 hr ago Colorado Springs' largest class of police recruits will ease department's staffing issues 15 hr ago In bug museum's 65th year, John May's descendents carry on his Colorado Springs legacy 16 hr ago Update: Missing 'at-risk' girl safely returned to family in Colorado Springs 16 hr ago Sunday's forecast: Sunshine to hit Colorado Springs with no chance of rain Most Read Transgender Air Force Academy graduate denied commission while Pentagon reviews guidelines Identity released of 18-year-old who died in Saturday morning Black Forest crash One man shot multiple times at Shades of Colorado Springs event Argument might have caused El Paso County rollover that killed a woman, 20 Parking business booming for Manitou Incline friendly neighbor 16-year-old girl accused of hacking Uber driver, who is a former CU student, to death Two men, 23 and 82, dead after head-on crash near Peyton Large vehicle fire shuts down I-25 in Denver Blog: Hat toss, Thunderbirds cap 2017 graduation ceremony On what would have been his graduation day, Lewis-Palmer teen remembered for big stature, bigger heart Sports 1 hr ago Pitching again carries Colorado Springs Sky Sox in victory 2 hr ago Curry, Durant lead Warriors to 2-0 lead 6 hr ago Steve Kerr will coach Golden State in Game 2 of the NBA Finals after missing 11 games because of back problems 12 hr ago Former major leaguer Jim Piersall dies at 87, Red Sox say 13 hr ago Defending champion Muguruza loses in French Open's 4th round to France's Mladenovic Yesterday Last-minute goal gives Colorado Springs Switchbacks important lift, USL win over OKC Yesterday Will the U.S. Olympic Museum propel the long-sought makeover of Colorado Springs' southwest downtown area? Business 2 hr ago Q&A: Internet extremism and how to combat it 5 hr ago Linda Leitz: Don't rely on books for financial advice 5 hr ago Jim Flynn: Research service contracts on vehicles 6 hr ago Warren Buffett's annual lunch auction starts Sunday evening 9 hr ago 'Wonder Woman' conquers milestone with $100.5 million debut 11 hr ago Insider Q&A: Drug industry learns to listen to patients 11 hr ago Convenience store Dawa agrees to change name after Wawa suit Opinion 1 hr ago LETTERS: Hard-earned recognition; selective hearing syndrome 7 hr ago EDITORIAL: 'Racist' Paris decision may end life on earth Fri, Jun 2, 2017 EDITORIAL: Abusers of freedom behead free speech Fri, Jun 2, 2017 GUEST COLUMN: Make roads and bridges a priority Fri, Jun 2, 2017 LETTERS: Students gaming the system; a preconceived act Fri, Jun 2, 2017 EDITORIAL: Law will create equal opportunities for children Wed, May 31, 2017 EDITORIAL: VA failed to save a local vet in need Around the Web 1 hr ago Massive crack in Antarctica ice shelf grows 11 miles in only 6 days 1 hr ago Man flashing money on Facebook Live arrested on drug charges 4 hr ago Right-wing free speech rally draws massive counter-protests in Portland 4 hr ago Fake Cheesecake Factory sign sparks buzz in New Mexico city 5 hr ago Disgruntled man releases bedbugs in Maine city office 10 hr ago Solo climber is 1st up Yosemite's El Capitan without ropes Yesterday Papa John's employees accused of selling cocaine out of the store Latest Videos Fort Carson Teddy Bear Clinic to help "injured" animals in Colorado Springs Pikes Peak region forecast Care and Share ramps up its Summer Mobile Food Pantries program in Colorado Springs Weather Forecasts Improve But Under the Radar Raw: Jet Set to Launch Rockets Into Space Debuts Police Release Tiger Woods' DUI Arrest Video Denver Donut Shop Tests Drone Delivery I-25 Truck Fire Snarls Traffic Near Denver This week in GO! Between the Lines: Colorado Springs veteran's suicide prompts Congress to act Helpful tips for your Must See Must Do Weekend Colorado Springs plans Raw: Rolling Thunder Salutes Missing in Action Sports Latest Sports Pitching again carries Colorado Springs Sky Sox in victory1 hr ago Curry, Durant lead Warriors to 2-0 lead2 hr ago Former major leaguer Jim Piersall dies at 87, Red Sox say12 hr ago Last-minute goal gives Colorado Springs Switchbacks important lift, USL win over OKCYesterday Broncos Broncos safety Will Parks facing domestic violence charges Fri, Jun 2, 2017 Broncos linebackers love beefed-up D-lineFri, Jun 2, 2017 Broncos say Shaq Barrett is out several months with bad hipWed, May 31, 2017 Paul Klee: In choosing Denver Broncos' quarterback, decision must come sooner rather than laterWed, May 31, 2017 Photo Galleries Peak Performers 2016-17 Air Academy v. Valor Christian. 4A State Boys' Baseball. Girls 4A State Golf Final day of Colorado State Track 2017 4A State Swimming Championship Day 1-Colorado State Track 2017 Windsor 3 Lewis-Palmer 2 Nine straight titles for Cheyenne Mountain 4A State Tennis Finals 4A Girls' State Tennis Boys Lacrosse Lewis-Palmer v. Chaparral Girls Golf: 2017 4A Regional Doherty Spartan Invitational Girls Tennis: 2017 3A Regional Tournament Colorado Springs Switchbacks v. Tulsa Roughnecks Opinion Gazette Editorials EDITORIAL: 'Racist' Paris decision may end life on earth7 hr ago EDITORIAL: Abusers of freedom behead free speechFri, Jun 2, 2017 EDITORIAL: Law will create equal opportunities for childrenFri, Jun 2, 2017 EDITORIAL: VA failed to save a local vet in needWed, May 31, 2017 Letters to the Editor LETTERS: Hard-earned recognition; selective hearing syndrome1 hr ago LETTERS: Students gaming the system; a preconceived actFri, Jun 2, 2017 LETTERS: Appreciation for nature; a great change in leadershipWed, May 31, 2017 LETTERS: AFA grads legacy; beautiful bells in downtownTue, May 30, 2017 Columns GUEST COLUMN: Make roads and bridges a priorityFri, Jun 2, 2017 Loss of legal services would threaten foundations of democracyTue, May 30, 2017 GUEST COLUMN: Chairman Ajit Pai is draining the FCC swampFri, May 26, 2017 COLUMN: Public pipeline maps are a bad ideaFri, May 26, 2017 Local News Local News Colorado woman seeks release before pipeline protest shooting trial9 hr ago Voice of the Consumer: Amazon scam entices the unwary10 hr ago Colorado Springs' largest class of police recruits will ease department's staffing issues15 hr ago In bug museum's 65th year, John May's descendents carry on his Colorado Springs legacy15 hr ago Local and State Politics Virtue of Colorado's new autonomous vehicles law: They "can't drive drunk"Fri, Jun 2, 2017 Colorado veterans now can turn military experience into college creditsFri, Jun 2, 2017 Gardner meets with Philippine President Duterte during Pacific Rim tourFri, Jun 2, 2017 Colorado toughens penalties for texting while drivingFri, Jun 2, 2017 Local Business Will the U.S. Olympic Museum propel the long-sought makeover of Colorado Springs' southwest downtown area?Yesterday El Paso County new car market heats up in MayFri, Jun 2, 2017 Free doughnuts, great deals for National Doughnut Day in Colorado SpringsFri, Jun 2, 2017 Colorado Springs homebuilding rebounds in MayThu, Jun 1, 2017 More Top Reads Nation and World The Latest: UAE, Egypt cut diplomatic ties to Qatar1 hr ago United Arab Emirates, Egypt join Saudi Arabia and Bahrain in cutting diplomatic ties to Qatar1 hr ago Saudi Arabia cuts diplomatic ties to Qatar, says Qatari troops pulled from ongoing Yemen war1 hr ago Fraud allegations mar Mexico elections1 hr ago Military Must-do for Congress: Raise debt limit, pass spending bills15 hr ago Fort Carson veterinary technicians mend plush pets for kids in "surgical" event15 hr ago Court changes method to divide retirement for divorceHigh court alters rule on divorce awards18 hr ago Colorado Springs area military events starting June 4, 201718 hr ago Blogs Three rounds complete: Cheat sheet for your fantasy football rookie draft (dynasty leagues)Yesterday Colorado College-Denver hockey rivalry schedule to change for 2018-19 seasonFri, Jun 2, 2017 Air Force receiver Ernie Jennings on College Football Hall of Fame ballotThu, Jun 1, 2017 David Ramsey: The NBA's all-time top 40 players. Will LeBron ever pass Jordan to top the list?Wed, May 31, 2017 Crime and Justice Local Crime Shoving match at Colorado Springs teen party ends with multiple injuries6 hr ago One man shot multiple times at Shades of Colorado Springs eventYesterday Patron at downtown Colorado Springs bank robbedYesterday Colorado Springs man robbed at gunpoint while trying to leave homeYesterday National Crime Man flashing money on Facebook Live arrested on drug charges1 hr ago 16-year-old girl accused of hacking Uber driver, who is a former CU student, to deathYesterday Suspect arrested in theft of Portland victim's wedding ring, backpackFri, Jun 2, 2017 Broncos safety Will Parks facing domestic violence charges Fri, Jun 2, 2017 Life Life In bug museum's 65th year, John May's descendents carry on his Colorado Springs legacy15 hr ago A giant ark is just the start: These creationists have a bigger plan for recruiting new believers18 hr ago Colorado Springs area religious events starting June 4, 2017Sun, Jun 4, 2017 Colorado Springs area literary events starting June 4, 2017Sun, Jun 4, 2017 Arts and Entertainment Grande, Bieber, Katy Perry sing at Manchester benefit show8 hr ago 'Wonder Woman' conquers milestone with $100.5 million debut9 hr ago Pikes Pick: Don't miss out on your chance to compete in 'The Amazing Race'Sun, Jun 4, 2017 Colorado Springs-area events calendar: Monday, June 5Yesterday Religion Portlanders respond to killings with prayer and eclectic spiritualityFri, Jun 2, 2017 In recognizing multiple faiths, the US military moves beyond its shameful pastFri, Jun 2, 2017 I refuse to forget the Christians advocating for climate actionFri, Jun 2, 2017 50 years after the Six-Day War, Israeli Jews reflect on the victoryFri, Jun 2, 2017 National National Politics Point/Counterpoint: Are Congressional Republicans dropping the ball?15 hr ago Trump to push for overhauling roads, bridges, air trafficYesterday Trump not planning to invoke executive privilege to block James Comey testimony: ReportYesterday EpiPen maker seeks meeting with Chuck Grassley over subpoena threat, report saysFri, Jun 2, 2017 National Business Q&A: Internet extremism and how to combat it2 hr ago Warren Buffett's annual lunch auction starts Sunday evening6 hr ago 'Wonder Woman' conquers milestone with $100.5 million debut9 hr ago Insider Q&A: Drug industry learns to listen to patients11 hr ago Get the Newsletter The latest breaking news, delivered straight to your email! Subscribe Get a Subscription Access all of our premium content, get unlimited digital access and more! Subscribe Follow our Facebook Get real time news updates Follow × Login Required You must be logged in to post a comment. If you already have an account, login here: Login New user? Register Now Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Work For Us Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Gazette.com Coloradosprings.com Gazettepreps.com Best of the Springs My Colorado OutThereColorado.com Privacy Policy Terms of Service © 2017 Produced by Colorado Springs Gazette
skip to main content Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto Sign In Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google+ Sign in with Yahoo! Sign in with AOL Sign in with LinkedIn Email Password Forgot your password? Need an account? Register here. WRAL.com News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Other News Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias World News 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack Traffic Pedestrian killed in crash on I-440 in Raleigh Sponsor @NCCapitol Cooper campaign promise tracker Find your lawmakers Crime and safety Interactive maps Recent mugshots NC Wanted: Report a tip Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains Weather Resources CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Weather Chance for storms remains overnight, Monday Sponsor Weather 2017 Atlantic hurricane season begins as many still struggle to recover from Matthew DUALDoppler5000 The WRAL WeatherCenter is now on your device Download it for free › Sports Sports Home Our Take All Columns Caulton Tudor Joe Ovies Adam Gold Lauren Brownlow Jeff Gravley Bob Holliday Mandy Mitchell NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers HighSchoolOT More Sports Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis More Schools Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw Baseball North Carolina State holds off Kentucky 5-4 in NCAA regional Our Take Reliable Dalatri leads UNC past Michigan 8-1 in elimination game Sponsor Contests WRALSportsFan.com Auto Racing Challenge This week's on-air giveaways Our Take Perimeter players likely to rule ACC hoops in 2017-18 Twitter mailbag goes from sandwiches to 90s music All ACC Tourney games (don't) matter Download the FREE app On iPhone/ iPad & Android › Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Business Must-do for Congress: Raise debt limit, pass spending bills Business Trump to push for overhauling roads, bridges, air traffic Sponsor New technology Self-parking cars help relieve driver stress Computer beats Chinese go champion Serena Williams in Silicon Valley Where the jobs are In-demand, high-paying careers await community college grads Laid-off plant worker soars to new career as commercial pilot Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Editorial: Legislature's budget -- More comfort for the comfortable Editorial: Legislators should heed protesters' message on Medicaid PHILIP PRICE: Truth is Senate 'cuts' to education 'bureaucracy' mean less accountability and support for teachers, students Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings SmartShopper Five Lidl grocery stores open in NC on June 15 Business Duke seeks 15 percent increase in electric rates Business Walmart testing store employee delivery of US online orders 5 On Your Side Use proper technique to paint rooms like the pros Check rooms thoroughly to avoid bringing bed bugs home from vacation Smart tips to prevent identity theft Resources WRAL SmartShopper Consumer recalls Get Out of Debt Guy File a consumer complaint >> Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Pets Family House & Home Food & Shopping Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Health Team Texas lawmakers make few moves to address pregnancy deaths Political News This one letter helped spark a national opioid epidemic Sponsor Summer fun Outer Banks beach among best in US Best and worst sunscreens for babies and kids Theme park fun around US Parenting Go Ask Mom at N.C. Symphony Summerfest concert Durham pools, spraygrounds free this summer Some sunscreens provide less than promised Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • More O&A Shopping & Retail Arts Sports Families Pets Community Yard Sales Seasonal 919 Beer Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Entertainment Late in life, sex assault trial caps Cosby's life and legacy Entertainment Grande returns to Manchester to honor victims with benefit Sponsor WRAL Freedom Balloon Festival Balloon fest photos Weekend best bets: Balloon Fest, Doughman Where to park Out & About Best Bets Calendar from Out & About Nightlife and Party Pics Submit your event You don’t need the newspaper to get your Sunday Circulars Click & Save for Instant Savings › Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Lottery Drawings Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Local News Restaurant patrons hid following shooting of 7-year-old boy Out and About Thousands take to Raleigh streets for Ironman race Contact Us People of WRAL Contact WRAL Watch WRAL, WRAL2 TV schedule On the Record WRAL documentaries Interested in sports & pop culture? Listen to the NEW podcast › 70° View: 7-Day | Hourly | Currently Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Weather 70° Menu Video WRAL.com Feeds Sign In Home News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Sports Sports Home All Columns NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw HighSchoolOT Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Tar Heel Traveler Pets Family House & Home Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • Shopping & Retail   • Arts   • Sports   • Families   • Pets   • Community   • Yard Sales   • Seasonal 919 Beer Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto About Us Advertising Privacy & Terms Mobile Apps & Services Weather Halifax and Northampton counties are under alert. Details Published: 2017-06-01 21:04:20 Updated: 2017-06-02 11:06:05 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Business Enormous Stratolaunch aircraft rolled out for first time Posted 9:04 p.m. Thursday Updated 11:06 a.m. Friday Leave this field blank Your e-mail address:* Your friends e-mail addresses (comma separated):* Subject:* Message:*A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/18E1D Get a new codeAre you human?* You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters By JOHN ANTCZAK, Associated Press LOS ANGELES — Billionaire Paul G. Allen's Stratolaunch, a massive aircraft designed to launch rockets into space from high altitude, has been rolled out of its hangar for the first time in preparation for testing. Here are things to know about the program that has been underway since 2011: ___ GIGANTIC The Stratolaunch aircraft is enormous, with a wingspan totaling 385 feet (117 meters), longer than the wingspan of any other aircraft and greater than the length of an American football field. Its twin fuselages stretch 238 feet. By comparison, the H-4 flying boat — nicknamed Spruce Goose and built by Howard Hughes in the 1940s — has a 320-foot (97.5-meter) wingspan and is just under 219 feet (67 meters) long. Among commonly seen aircraft, the double-decker Airbus A380's wings span 262 feet (nearly 80 meters). ___ WEIGHT AND POWER The Stratolaunch aircraft weighs 500,000 pounds (226,799 kilograms) empty, can carry 250,000 pounds (113,399 kilograms) of fuel, and with payload can take off at a maximum weight of 1.3 million pounds (589,676 kilograms). It is powered by six engines of the same type used by Boeing 747s. ___ AIR LAUNCH On launch missions, Stratolaunch will carry as many as three rockets attached to the center of the wing between the two fuselages. The rockets will be released, ignite their engines and carry small satellites weighing up to 1,000 pounds (453.6 kilograms) to low Earth orbit. Under a deal announced last year, Stratolaunch will use Pegasus XL winged rockets provided by Orbital ATK of Dulles, Virginia. According to Stratolaunch, the advantages of its system include being able to use numerous airports and avoid the limitations of fixed launch sites which can be impacted by weather, air traffic and ship traffic on ocean ranges. ___ HISTORY Airborne launches date back decades, most famously to the X-15 program of the 1950s and '60s, when manned rocket planes were carried aloft under the wing of a B-52 bomber and released on hypersonic research flights. In the 1990s, Orbital Sciences Corp. (now Orbital ATK) began releasing rockets from the belly of a converted L-1011 airliner to put small satellites into low Earth orbit. More recently, Paul Allen, the Microsoft co-founder, funded development of the Burt Rutan-designed SpaceShipOne, the first privately developed manned spacecraft. Suspended between the twin-fuselages of a special jet, SpaceShipOne was carried to high altitude and released. It reached space on three suborbital flights in 2004. The same launch concept is being used for SpaceShipTwo, the passenger-carrying craft being developed for Sir Richard Branson's Virgin Galactic space tourism enterprise. A spinoff, Virgin Orbit, is also developing an air launcher for putting small satellites into space. ___ WHAT'S NEXT The rollout Wednesday at Mojave Air & Space Port in the desert northeast of Los Angeles followed removal of scaffolding used during construction and placement of the aircraft on its 28 wheels for the first time. Initial testing will focus on filling the six fuel tanks to ensure they are properly sealed and that related mechanisms are operating properly. The aircraft will then be taken back inside the hangar for weight and balance testing. Ground testing will lead to flight operations and the first launch demonstration, which is expected in 2019. More On This IMAGES: Enormous Stratolaunch aircraft rolled out for first time 4 Copyright 2017 by The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Triangle Area Special Offers The "as low as" rate is at 3.72% APR (30 yr.) Click to See All CONTESTS available from WRAL.com Myrtle Beach Specials - Book Now & Save The 'as low as" rate is at 3.12% APR (15 yr.) $175 Off - Electric Panel Replacement Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Close Comments Comments Please sign in with your WRAL.com account to comment on this story. You also will need a Facebook account to comment. Oldest First Newest First View all Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Out and About Downtown Nightlife Photos: May 30-June 5 Weather Weather maps and cams Local News 7-year-old boy killed in Durham shooting State News Boat explodes after gas was pumped into fishing rod holder Local News Clayton DWI checkpoint yields 7 arrests, 84 charges and citations News Evening Pick 3 Pick 4 and Cash 5 Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast News WRAL Late News Go Ask Mom Amanda Lamb: You are beautiful Go Ask Mom Raleigh's indoor playground sets summer hours National News Police respond to incident at London Bridge; multiple casualties reported Food 6 ways to cut your cancer risk when grilling food Lifestyles Young men seek barbecue dad for Father's Day weekend Go Ask Mom Reminder: Museum of Life and Science's expanded hours start Sunday Local News Schedule: 2017 High school graduations News Have You Seen This? Massive underground pipe explosion Local News Night sky glows red as apartment building burns in downtown Raleigh SmartShopper Five Lidl grocery stores open in NC on June 15 Go Ask Mom Wake Forest makes plans to open sprayground in July, pool in 2018 Family 5 tips for stress-free summer Out and About Wonder Woman: Here to save the DC Universe Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Political News Trump vows to do whatever is necessary to protect US Local News 7-year-old boy killed in Durham shooting World News 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack Local News Local Muslims on London attacks: 'We respect the sanctity of life' Local News Police: No one injured after drive-by shooting at Durham nightclub SmartShopper How did you do at Super Doubles? SmartShopper What's for dinner this weekend? @NCCapitol Jordan Lake pollution gets another experimental treatment in House budget SmartShopper Harris Teeter Super Doubles Deals list Go Ask Mom Want to prevent drownings? Don't let kids play breath-holding games SPONSOR Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Out and About Downtown Nightlife Photos: May 30-June 5 Weather Weather maps and cams Local News 7-year-old boy killed in Durham shooting State News Boat explodes after gas was pumped into fishing rod holder Local News Clayton DWI checkpoint yields 7 arrests, 84 charges and citations News Evening Pick 3 Pick 4 and Cash 5 Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast News WRAL Late News Go Ask Mom Amanda Lamb: You are beautiful Go Ask Mom Raleigh's indoor playground sets summer hours National News Police respond to incident at London Bridge; multiple casualties reported Food 6 ways to cut your cancer risk when grilling food Lifestyles Young men seek barbecue dad for Father's Day weekend Go Ask Mom Reminder: Museum of Life and Science's expanded hours start Sunday Local News Schedule: 2017 High school graduations News Have You Seen This? Massive underground pipe explosion Local News Night sky glows red as apartment building burns in downtown Raleigh SmartShopper Five Lidl grocery stores open in NC on June 15 Go Ask Mom Wake Forest makes plans to open sprayground in July, pool in 2018 Family 5 tips for stress-free summer Out and About Wonder Woman: Here to save the DC Universe Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Political News Trump vows to do whatever is necessary to protect US Local News 7-year-old boy killed in Durham shooting World News 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack Local News Local Muslims on London attacks: 'We respect the sanctity of life' Local News Police: No one injured after drive-by shooting at Durham nightclub SmartShopper How did you do at Super Doubles? SmartShopper What's for dinner this weekend? @NCCapitol Jordan Lake pollution gets another experimental treatment in House budget SmartShopper Harris Teeter Super Doubles Deals list Go Ask Mom Want to prevent drownings? Don't let kids play breath-holding games WRAL.com RALEIGH • DURHAM FAYETTEVILLE About Us Help Contact Us Advertising WRAL Digital Solutions Ad Choices Mobile Privacy Terms of Use FCC Public File Closed Captioning Contests ©2017 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. Follow us on Facebook Twitter
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Omni-Lite Industries Announces Normal Course Issuer Bid /EINPresswire.com/ — LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA–(Marketwired – Jun 1, 2017) – Omni-Lite Industries Canada Inc. (TSX VENTURE:OML)(OTCQX:OLNCF) („Omni-Lite” or the „Company”) announces that it has submitted to the TSX Venture Exchange („TSXV”) its Notice of Intention to Make a Normal Course Issuer Bid („Bid”). Pursuant to the Bid, the Company may purchase for cancellation up to 800,000 common shares of the Company which is equal to approximately 7.7 percent of the 10,369,120 issued and outstanding shares. Echelon Wealth Partners will be conducting the NCIB on behalf of the Company in accordance with the rules of the TSXV. The consideration paid for any such Common Shares will be the open market price at the time of acquisition. The Company will make no purchases of Common Shares other than open market purchases or other such means approved by the TSXV. The actual number of Common Shares of the Company that are purchased for cancellation under the Bid, if any, and the timing of such purchases will be determined by management as approved by the Board of Directors of the Company. To the knowledge of the Company, no director, senior officer or other insider of Omni-Lite currently intends to sell any Common Shares into this Bid. In the case a director, senior officer, or insider does sell any common shares into the Bid, the benefits to any such person would be the same as the benefits available to all other holders whose shares are purchased. The Company has repurchased and has canceled a total of 790,000 common shares pursuant to the previous normal course issuer bid which ended May 25, 2017. Purchases on the new NCIB may begin on June 1, 2017 and the Bid expires on May 31, 2018. Omni-Lite Industries Canada Inc. is a rapidly growing high technology company that develops and manufactures precision components utilized by Fortune 500 companies including Boeing, Airbus, Bombardier, Embraer, Alcoa, Ford, Borg Warner, Chrysler, the U.S. Military, Nike, and adidas. Reader Advisory Except for statements of historical fact, this news release contains certain „forward-looking information” within the meaning of applicable securities law. Forward-looking information is frequently characterized by words such as „plan”, „expect”, „project”, „intend”, „believe”, „anticipate”, „estimate” and other similar words, or statements that certain events or conditions „may” or „will” occur. In particular, forward-looking information in this press release includes, but is not limited to the expected future performance of the Company. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking information are reasonable, there can be no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. We cannot guarantee future results, performance or achievements. Consequently, there is no representation that the actual results achieved will be the same, in whole or in part, as those set out in the forward-looking information. Forward-looking information is based on the opinions and estimates of management at the date the statements are made, and are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking information. Some of the risks and other factors that could cause the results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking information include, but are not limited to: general economic conditions in Canada, the United States and globally; industry conditions, governmental regulation, including environmental regulation; unanticipated operating events or performance; failure to obtain industry partner and other third party consents and approvals, if and when required; the availability of capital on acceptable terms; the need to obtain required approvals from regulatory authorities; stock market volatility; competition for, among other things, capital, skilled personnel and supplies; changes in tax laws; and the other risk factors disclosed under our profile on SEDAR at www.sedar.com. Readers are cautioned that this list of risk factors should not be construed as exhaustive. The forward-looking information contained in this news release is expressly qualified by this cautionary statement. We undertake no duty to update any of the forward-looking information to conform such information to actual results or to changes in our expectations except as otherwise required by applicable securities legislation. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking information. Neither TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Latest Report: Body Slimming System Industry :key Vendors, Trends, Analysis, Segmentation, Forecast to 2017-2021 Next PostNext OSS 75th Anniversary Search Recent Posts Tata Elxsi’s ‘AUTONOMAI’ Driverless Car Platform Selected by Leading OEM Pharmacy Automation Systems Market is expected to reach a CAGR of 6.7% during 2016 – 2026 PM O’Neill welcomes New World Bank Country Manager for PNG Paediatric Vaccine Market will increase at 14.4% CAGR during 2016-2026 Automotive Repair and Maintenance Services Market Poised to Rake US$ 750 Bn by the End of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Sections Advertising Marketing Content Social Commerce Sales Analytics Management Home Submit Follow Us Follow Ads Marketing Content Social Sales Analytics Mgmt More Events Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE MarTech Today Broad support IAB Tech Lab debuts ads.txt project to weed out fake ad sellers Free plug-in Distil launches free bot detection plug-in for Google Analytics Events Attend the MarTech conference Advertising Marketing Content Social Commerce Sales Analytics Management Events Home Martech: Analytics & Data Stay marketing-savvy and tech-savvy. Get the latest in martech by subscribing to MarTech Today. B2B CMOs and CIOs: It’s time to rethink data management Effective data management is critical to B2B digital marketing success. Columnist Sonjoy Ganguly explains how implementing a rich, B2B-focused data structure and collaborating with the right strategic partners can make all the difference. Sonjoy Ganguly on May 31, 2017 at 10:07 am More In digital media and advertising, data management platforms (DMPs) have become an essential tool that “ingests, classifies, sorts and houses information, and then delivers it in a way that’s useful for marketers, publishers and other businesses.” But for B2B marketers, these tools have a major flaw. As the name implies, B2B marketers sell into organizations (e.g., General Electric, Boeing, Nestle), not individual consumer demos (e.g., millennial male in New York DMA, $100K+ income, in market for SUVs). Traditional advertising technologies and data management practices, to date, have predominantly focused on managing individuals rather than companies. That is core to the issue: How do you market to the right companies if existing systems and practices are predicated upon targeting individual consumers? B2B marketers don’t benefit from solutions that allow them to target “soccer moms,” “tech-savvy millennials” or other consumer-based lookalike audiences. They need a much more precise and relevant targeting scheme. For example, the CMO at an enterprise software company with long sales cycles (nine to 18 months) needs to simultaneously monitor, analyze and surface insights on cross-departmental stakeholders across levels of seniority and diversity, all within discrete organizations. At large corporations, this can include the Financial Analysts, Director of Finance, CFO, VP Engineering, CTO, Architects, Engineering Directors, Procurement Managers and dozens of other business stakeholders, from the first introductory call to a signed contract and through the process of onboarding, as well as utilization. With B2B marketing and advertising spend reaching $161 billion — and digital accounting for over half — B2B CMOs and CIOs need to dramatically change their data management approach to avoid drowning in irrelevant data and legacy systems that were designed for an entirely different practice. This is only possible by reorganizing their data infrastructure around B2B’s unique go-to-market needs and working with partners that support these new standards. First things first: Extend company attributes Basic audience targeting is too broad and is just not an effective mechanism for B2B marketers. B2C marketers now have a seemingly endless pool of data to define target audiences across devices, from historical purchases and behavioral data to location-based visitor arrivals. But ask any B2B marketer, and their targeting parameters look awfully similar to ones found in playbooks from several years ago: industry, company size (employees), revenue (if public) and office headquarters’ locations. B2B CMOs need to significantly expand the company attributes they track — ones that provide signals that are uniquely relevant to the products and services they sell — and allow sales and marketing teams to communicate more tailored messages by account. These can range anywhere from, “What other software is installed?” and “Which types of solutions are they researching?” to “How much do they currently spend on R&D?” Once the extended attributes are strategically identified, CMOs must persistently incorporate these new signals throughout their internal systems to keep alignment across teams. These new signals require organizational commitment to adopt new procedures that utilize and act on the signals to improve their marketing effectiveness. Build out a rich company-user ontology Once more granular and vivid company-based information becomes ingrained throughout the marketing and sales organizations, it behooves CMOs and their CIOs to further build out a rich ontology. With the exponential growth of data (which also includes more user-generated content than ever before), creating taxonomies to classify and categorize the data is absolutely critical to making these massive unstructured data assets actionable at scale. But the sheer volume and the denormalized nature of this data make it very complex to classify it correctly. At best, traditional DMPs, integrated with other existing targeting solutions, might allow a B2B marketer at an enterprise software company to target individuals with “CTO” in their title, at companies of a specific employee or revenue size, and located in certain DMAs or cities. The problem with this approach is that CTOs may not always represent the right stakeholder to engage on an account-by-account basis. Maybe the account is not actively looking for your solutions, which means your standard messaging may not be as effective with that account. In other words, the appropriate audiences at prospective accounts can differ starkly, based on sizes of the accounts, an account’s existing needs and more. By creating a more robust ontology, B2B marketers can use these extended attributes to better inform and influence their list of target accounts, which people to actually target at those accounts and what messaging may be more effective in engaging those accounts. Find the right long-term partner This expanded B2B data management framework ultimately enables B2B marketers to build and execute more relevant, seamless messages against key influencers across the organization on an account-by-account basis. But CMOs and CIOs alone lack the capacity — in budget, time and resources — to design and implement this massive and essential modernization of its data infrastructure. It is important to identify strategic partners that not only can provide access to technology and data but can also help them determine how to modernize their practices to act on that data. As such, it’s incumbent upon executives charged with this initiative to ask partners probing questions to gauge alignment with long-term business goals and viability. These questions should include understanding how they are using technology to create and automate the development of their ontologies to make the scale of their data more actionable. In an increasingly demanding environment for personalized B2B messages — delivered through the right channels at the right time — B2B marketers must raise their standards on data management. By upending traditional models, implementing a rich B2B-focused data structure and collaborating with partners that allow new principles to flourish, there’s no stopping what B2B marketers can accomplish. Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily MarTech Today. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Sonjoy Ganguly Sonjoy is the SVP, Product Management at Madison Logic, with over 25 years as a veteran product management executive. With extensive experience in the media, financial and professional services industries, Sonjoy came from Deloitte in their Strategy, Brand & Innovation division, managing the definition and execution of new product strategies to identify and cultivate new ways the firm’s practices and its clients can adopt new technologies to create innovative, market leading solutions at scale. Sonjoy attended New York University’s Stern School of Business and spends his off hours with his wife, raising their 2 young children (and still praying for a good night’s sleep, and maybe a good glass of scotch). Popular Stories How blockchain-based identity could change digital marketing A new language called WebAssembly is opening the door to the next generation of browsers Infographic: The 2017 ‘Martech 5000’ Marketing Technology Landscape Kiss your personas goodbye (and say hello, AI)! Related Topics Channel: Martech: Analytics & DataDMP: Data Management PlatformsMartech Column Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook and Twitter. Attend Our Conferences Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: October 2-4, 2017: Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers 9 Pitfalls to Scaling Enterprise Content and How to Avoid Them 5 Ways to Fail at Marketing to Tech Users The Content Marketing Maturity Map Guide to Email Metrics & Benchmarks Top 10 Considerations When Selecting a Marketing Automation Platform See More Whitepapers Webinars Baby Come Back! How to Grow Customer Revenue with People-Based Search Marketing Mobile Marketing vs. In-Store Sales: Help! What’s the Correlation? New RLSA Strategies for Search Marketers See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research Sign up for our daily newsletter Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Store Subscribe RSS Newsletter Advertise Contact Us 100-Year Archive Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Aviation Week Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Technology Aircraft Design Advances in Manufacturing Vertical Flight New Civil Aircraft Leading Edge Program Management Corner Commercial Aviation New Civil Aircraft From the Flight Deck Airline Fleets and Networks Airline Intel Aircraft Interiors Space Commercial Space Space Exploration In Orbit Defense Combat Aircraft Electronic Warfare Air Combat Safety Intelligence, Surveillance & Reconnaissance Vertical Flight Washington Outlook Military Trainers Business Aviation Vertical Flight Inside Business Aviation Purchase Planning Handbook MRO Connected Aerospace Products & Services Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Advertisement Home > AWIN_Commercial > Amid ARJ21 Ramp-Up, Comac Plans More Automation You have access to this content through your organization’s enterprise subscription to the Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN). Would you like to go there now? Your choice will be remembered until you close your browser. No, stay hereYes, go to AWIN Amid ARJ21 Ramp-Up, Comac Plans More Automation Jun 1, 2017 Bradley Perrett | Aviation Daily EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Comac SHANGHAI—Comac is planning increased automation as it sets up a second production line for its ARJ21 regional jet. A final goal is to achieve a moving production line like the one that Boeing uses in making the 737, a Comac official told a conference in Shanghai. But a moving line looks far away, since the manufacturer still has work to do even in getting its first production line up to a planned rate of 15 aircraft per year. Beyond that, the company is targeting output 30 aircraft ... THIS CONTENT REQUIRES SUBSCRIPTION ACCESS You must have an Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN) account or subscribe to this Market Briefing to access "Amid ARJ21 Ramp-Up, Comac Plans More Automation".   Current Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN) enterprise and individual members: please go to http://awin.aviationweek.com for access.   Not currently a subscriber? Click on the "Learn More" button below to view subscription offers. Learn More Already registered? Log In here. Print Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles C919 Inches Toward Flight-Testing, ARJ21 Toward Upgrade   Amid Chinese Program Delays, Meggitt Still Sees Profit   Production Ramp-up Reshaping How Industry Builds Aircraft, Engines Comac’sC919 Supplier Selection Is Past Due   Beijing Influence Rising In Russo-Chinese Widebody Program 15   Advertisement Commercial Aviation: Market Briefing A subscription to Aviation Daily is required to access these stories.   FAA May Turn To Congress In Drone-Registration Fight  Garmin Aims High With HUD  Colombia Approves LATAM–American Airlines JV  ‘My Career Just Ended’  Air Astana Resumes Kiev-Astana Service  Intelsat–OneWeb Mega-Merger Scrubbed  Hexcel Looks At Safran-Oriented Composites Provider  Garmin Aims High With HUD    Subscribe Log In Advertisement Advertise with Us   2017 Media Materials Your source for 2016 media kits, editorial planners rates and specs for AW&ST, ATW, B&CA and more! Advertise Sign up to Aviation Week Newsletter Daily analysis on technology advances impacting the global aviation, aerospace & defense industries. Subscribe Advertisement AviationWeek.com Commercial Aviation Business Aviation Defense MRO Space 100-Year Archive Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Site Features Subscribe Newsletters RSS Sitemap Mobile site Aviation Week Network About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Search AviationWeek.com Search: PISCES Penton Corporate Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
<iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KX9ZXT" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe> Putin recalls Kennedy’s assassination to compare with Russia’s alleged interference Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 05, 3:49 In connection with terrorist acts in London police arrest 12 people World June 04, 17:34 Trump following London attacks calls for stopping being politically correct World June 04, 17:26 Death toll from London terrorist attacks rises to seven World June 04, 14:09 Putin's annual televised Q&A session due on June 15 Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 04, 8:51 Investigation begins into murder of eight people in central Russia Society & Culture June 04, 8:21 Six people died in terrorist acts in London - police World June 04, 6:59 Casualties present as result of London Bridge incident - BBC citing police World June 04, 1:55 Syria has neither chemical weapons nor facilities to make them - al-Assad World June 03, 23:20 {{element.title}} {{element.heading}} {{element.date}} Back to Main page Back to Main page Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Tags Media Press Releases Infographics Select the city Moscow St.-Petersburg Novosibirsk Ekaterinburg Nizhny Novgorod Samara Kazan Omsk Chelyabinsk Rostov-on-Don Ufa Volgograd Perm Krasnoyarsk Voronezh Currency converter USD EUR GBP CHF JPY CNY Back to Currency converter Exchange rate USD → RUR Сurrency Converter History course Please enter an amount Amount: From: ↔ To: Exchange rate on: 05.06.2017 04.06.2017 03.06.2017 02.06.2017 01.06.2017 31.05.2017 30.05.2017 ^ News Feed Sections Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review More Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review All news News Feed News Search Topics All Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review ОК Use filter You can filter your feed, by choosing only interesting sections. Go to Search More news Runway reconstruction begins at Arctic city airport Business & Economy June 01, 17:40 UTC+3 NORILSK Share 1 pages in this article NORILSK, June 1. /TASS/. Reconstruction of the runway's central part began at the Krasnoyarsk Region's main air harbor - at the Norilsk airport. The airport to mid-September would be able to serve only smaller, regional, planes, the airport's Director General Andrei Nikiforov told reporters on Thursday. Read also Price tag to reconstruct two Arctic airports nearly $5 mln "We have approached the most responsible and technically complicated part of the reconstruction, where we shall replace the runway's central part," he said. "The airport's all services are ready to work under the new conditions, and we are sure that on September 16, the workers would present the reconstructed runway. <…> The workers are receiving the task now, the work will begin in a few days, and from Monday heavy equipment will begin working at the runway." Earlier reports said the runway's reconstruction was planned for three summer seasons. The works began in 2016, and the planes could use the runway of 2.5km, thus no passenger or cargo flights were limited. However, this year the work will be at the central runway passage of more than one kilometer long, and thus the airport would not serve planes of the Boeing type - those would be replaced by planes for regional routes. New timetable Reconstruction of the central part will be between June 1 and September 16. During this time, all Boeing planes will be replaced with ATR-42, ATR-72 and Antonov An-24 planes, which will serve flights to Moscow (with a stop in Surgut), Krasnoyarsk and Novyi Urengoi. "The first day of the new timetable has proven our decision was correct - we have chosen not to close down the airport but to have temporary limitations and have the reconstruction in three stages," the director general said. The flights to Krasnoyarsk, Novyi Urengoi and Surgut will be served by regional planes. Passengers of the flight to Moscow, after the connection in Surgut, will continue the flight on board of Boeing-737-800 planes. The flight to Moscow will take about eight hours. Terms and financing The third and last stage of the runway's reconstruction is due between June and September, 2018. the financing is made under the federal program on development of the Russian transport system (2010-2020): the federal budget has allocated 9.6 billion rubles (about $168.5 million), and the Norilsk Nickel Company invests thee billion rubles ($52.6 million). {{item.group_date}} {{item.suffix?", "+item.suffix:""}} Show more Share Topics Arctic today Top News June 04, 17:34 In connection with terrorist acts in London police arrest 12 people June 04, 17:34 June 05, 3:49 Putin recalls Kennedy’s assassination to compare with Russia’s alleged interference June 05, 3:49 June 04, 14:09 Death toll from London terrorist attacks rises to seven June 04, 14:09 June 04, 8:51 Putin's annual televised Q&A session due on June 15 June 04, 8:51 In other media Реклама Photo 12 The 2017 World Car of the Year and its rivals at the New York Auto Show 15 How Russians conquered the Arctic in vintage photos 13 Futuristic supercars at the Geneva Motor Show Infographics Russia's gas pipelines to Europe by 2018 Gas agreement signed by Russia, Ukraine and the EU Altai gas pipeline Economical sanctions against Russia Most read Now Today This week 1 Lives of those who turned Trump’s alleged ties with Russia into sensation boring - Putin 2 Putin recalls Kennedy’s assassination to compare with Russia’s alleged interference 3 Putin says jokingly to NBC journalist she "should be arrested" in US for contacts with him 4 Russian submarines to be equipped with Kalibr missiles by 2025 5 Chairman of Saudi Aramco on meeting with Putin, travelling to Arctic and OPEC deal 6 Putin recommends US not to teach Russia how to live 7 In connection with terrorist acts in London police arrest 12 people 1 Putin asked Bill Clinton to consider option Russia might join NATO 2 Russia’s economic policy no longer depends on oil prices - Economic Development Minister 3 More than 380 agreements were signed at SPIEF-2017 for 2 trillion rubles ($35.32 bln) 4 Putin recalls Kennedy’s assassination to compare with Russia’s alleged interference 5 Six people died in terrorist acts in London - police 6 Trump following London attacks calls for stopping being politically correct 7 Chairman of Saudi Aramco on meeting with Putin, travelling to Arctic and OPEC deal 1 Moscow concerned over US threats against Syria’s armed forces 2 Russia’s cutting-edge fighter jet to enter service this year 3 Moscow mayor says Monday's hurricane 'unprecedented' 4 Russian cruise missiles hit terrorist targets near Palmyra 5 Putin asked Bill Clinton to consider option Russia might join NATO 6 Russian anti-submarine destroyer enters English Channel 7 Putin jokes about climate change, US hegemony at St. Petersburg forum TOP STORIES CONFLICT IN SYRIA RUSSIA'S DEFENSE INDUSTRY OIL& GAS INDUSTRY SPACE PROGRAMS Реклама News Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Sections Tags Media Press Releases Infographics About us TASS TODAY AGENCY NEWS TASS HISTORY MANAGEMENT CONTACTS Services TASS-PHOTO TASS-ONLINE TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age. © 2017 TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age.
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out07:32 GMT +305 June 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm Fault Lines Photo Video Infographics Live Search Russia's Vnesheconombank to Promote Export of MC-21 Jetliners © Sputnik/ Alexandr Astafiev Russia 17:27 01.06.2017(updated 19:14 01.06.2017) Get short URL 2411121 On Sunday, the MC-21, an up-and-coming jet airliner that's expected to be Russia’s answer to the Boeing-737 and the Airbus A-320, made its maiden flight with all its onboard systems working flawlessly. Speaking at a news conference at RIA Novosti headquarters in Moscow, Sergei Gorkov, the chairman of state-owned Vnesheconombank (VEB), said that the bank had invested around $90 million in the design and construction of the MC-21 jetliner. “We have a policy of supporting Russian exports and the aviation sector. This is exactly what we are doing also with the Sukhoi SuperJet-100. SuperJet exports are being entirely financed by the VEB. All the contracts that are being implemented in Ireland, Mexico and other countries are also being financed by us. As for the MC-21, we have already signed a leasing contract for 20 such planes and we will also support their sales abroad,” Gorkov said. He added that despite initial misgivings about the prospects of SuperJet sales in Europe, the VEB, jointly with Sukhoi Design Bureau and the United Aircraft Corporation, have been successfully exporting these planes. © Sputnik/ Sergey Mamontov Three States Already Interested in Brand New Russian MC-21 Passenger PlaneSergei Gorkov said that there have not yet been any foreign orders for the MC-21s because the plane had just conducted its maiden voyage. “We will be working very hard in this direction,” he promised, adding that the VEB will be making every effort to support Russian non-resource exports. Work on the MC-21 first began in the late 2000s, and intensified in 2014 after the downturn in relations with Western countries. Moscow has taken a number of steps to allow Russian aviation companies to win back the commercial passenger aircraft market, both domestically and abroad. The MC-21 is designed to be faster, more efficient, and less expensive than its Western counterparts, incorporating the latest in the field of airframe, engine and avionics systems technology in its design. © Sputnik/ Grigoriy Sisoev Iran Interested in Purchase of 100 Sukhoi Superjet PlanesFor example, the plane features a composite wing design, which improves fuel efficiency, and will eventually be fitted with new Russian-made PD-14 engines, which meet and exceed global safety, noise, and fuel efficiency standards. The plane also boasts a superior cruising speed, and costs tens of millions of dollars less than its Boeing and Airbus competitors. On Tuesday, RIA Novosti reported that the Russian government had instructed its representatives on the boards of directors of state companies to vote in favor of the purchase or lease of only Russian-made aircraft. Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed! ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 121 Related: Three States Already Interested in Brand New Russian MC-21 Passenger Plane Russia Reveals What the '21' in Its New MC-21 Airliner Really Stands For Tags: leasing agreement, maiden flight, financing, export, MC-21, Sukhoi SuperJet-100 (SSJ-100), VEB, Sergei Gorkov, Russia TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All commentsShow more comments (20) Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 07:25Four Arab States Cut Diplomatic Ties With Qatar 06:47Anti-Russia Sanctions Imposed With Aim to Affect Elections - Rosneft CEO 06:23Russian Airborne Troops Arrive in Belarus to Take Part in Drills 05:59UAE Cuts Relations With Qatar, Supporting Bahrain, Saudi Arabia, Egypt 05:45Egypt Cuts Diplomatic Relations With Qatar Following Bahrain, Saudi ArabiaAll news 'A Whole New Aircraft': Russia Launches Production of Upgraded Tu-160 Bomber 14832 This is What May Stop Duterte From Buying Advanced Russian Weaponry 10284 War of Interceptors: China Develops ‘Ultrafast’ Missile Defense, Media Reports 8681 WATCH First Launch of Iskander-M Missiles Outside of Russia (VIDEO) 7193 N Korea Claims US ICBM Interception Test Shows 'Preparation for Nuke War' 7170All news Real Syrian Youth Open Up About Assad Gov't and US-Backed 'Moderate' Rebels 26 'Putin Turned Out to be a More Skilled Strategist Than Brzezinski Ever Was' 26 'West Losing Africa to China' as Beijing Launches Major Logistics Route in Kenya 17 Mattis Says US to Oppose China’s Island Construction in South China Sea 17 How Obama’s State Department Sabotaged Trump Efforts to Calm US-Russia Relations 16All news Recommended News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Help From the Home Front: A Damascus Factory Where Tanks Get a New Lease on Life Trumping the Climate New Russian Weaponry: Support Vehicles Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Military Radar Systems Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 5% by 2021 Global Military Radar Systems Market by Platform , Band Type and by Geography – Forecast to 2021 Key Players: General Dynamics, Israel Aerospace Industries, Saab AB, Selex ES, Thales, ASELSAN, Boeing, Harris, Lockheed Martin.” — Market Research Future PUNE, MAHARASHTRA , INDIA , June 1, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Market Synopsis of Global Military Radar Systems Market: The Global Military Radar Systems Market is expected to grow at a CAGR of around 5% during 2016-2021. The factors driving the market are growing demand of radar for airborne and maritime surveillance, to counter drug trafficking and illegal trespassing, and modification & upgradation of conventional radar systems. As per the MRFR analysis, factors restraining the market growth are defense budget cuts in several countries, high investment, feasibility issues, and technical and operational challenges. The development of COTS components and Gallium Nitride (GaN) technology are the emerging trend in the market. Technological innovation is the key parameter where vendors are spending in technology to improving efficiency and reliability. Request a Sample Copy @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1413 Key Players of Military Radar Systems Market: • General Dynamics • Israel Aerospace Industries • Saab AB • Selex ES • Thales • ASELSAN • Boeing • Harris • Lockheed Martin • Northrop Grumman • Raytheon • Terma Study Objectives of Global Military Radar Systems Market: • To provide detailed analysis of the market structure along with forecast for the next 5 years of the various segments and sub-segments of the Global Military Radar Systems Market. • To provide insights about factors affecting the market growth. • To analyse the Global Military Radar Systems Market based on various factors- price analysis, supply chain analysis, porter’s five force analysis etc. • To provide historical and forecast revenue of the market segments and sub-segments with respect to four main geographies and their countries- North America, Europe, Asia, and Rest of the World (ROW). • To provide country-level analysis of the market with respect to the current market size and future prospective. • To provide country-level analysis of the market for segment by platform, and band type • To provide strategic profiling of key players in the market, comprehensively analysing their core competencies, and drawing a competitive landscape for the market. • To track and analyse competitive developments such as joint ventures, strategic alliances, mergers and acquisitions, new product developments, and research and developments in the Global Military Radar Systems Market. Regional and Country Analysis of Global Military Radar Systems Market: As per the MRFR analysis, the Americas region will continue its dominance in the forecast period. Whereas, APAC will have significant growth and is expected to grow at CAGR of around 5% during the forecast period. In Europe, several security and space programs have been initiated in partnership with major countries such as France, Germany, Italy and Spain. The European Space Agency and the German Aerospace center have invested in radar technology. Access Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/military-radar-systems-market-1413 Brief TOC: 1. Introduction 1.1 Report Description 1.2 Research Objective 2. Executive Summary 2.1 Key Findings / Highlights 2.1.1 Investment Opportunities 2.1.2 Market Startegies 2.1.3 Latest Developments 3. Scope Of The Study 3.1 Markets Covered 3.2 Years Considered For The Study (2016-2021) 3.2 Geographic Scope 3.3 Key Stakeholders 4. Assumptions and Limitations 5. Research Methodology 5.1 Primary Research 5.2 Secondary Research 5.3 Econometric and Forecasting Model Continue… About Market Research Future: At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services. MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions. In order to stay updated with technology and work process of the industry, MRFR often plans & conducts meet with the industry experts and industrial visits for its research analyst members. Contact: Akash Anand, Market Research Future Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar, Pune – 411028 Maharashtra, India +1 646 845 9312 Email: akash.anand@marketresearchfuture.com Akash Anand Market Research Future +1 646 845 9312 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Statistics from Nasdaq Nordic Exchange May 2017 – Summary in Finnish Next PostNext Notifications on manager’s related parties transactions Search Recent Posts Tata Elxsi’s ‘AUTONOMAI’ Driverless Car Platform Selected by Leading OEM Pharmacy Automation Systems Market is expected to reach a CAGR of 6.7% during 2016 – 2026 PM O’Neill welcomes New World Bank Country Manager for PNG Paediatric Vaccine Market will increase at 14.4% CAGR during 2016-2026 Automotive Repair and Maintenance Services Market Poised to Rake US$ 750 Bn by the End of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Low-Cost 3D Printers Market Opportunities, Technologies and Materials While a number of low-cost 3D printer manufacturers have doubled, tripled, or even quadrupled revenues in 2015, the most visible names such as MakerBot and 3D Systems struggled greatly. Read Full Report www.reportsnreports.com/reports/520461-opportunities-in-l…. This report provides the most thorough market analysis available of where the low-cost 3D printer market is headed. The keys to success in this complex segment of 3DP market are (1)Understanding where low cost 3D printers can generate revenues and where they are merely being hyped, (2)The formulation and execution of a well-defined product/market strategy. The New Low-Cost Printer Market: Professional and Enterprise This report focuses on those market segments where analysis of low-cost 3D printer suggests money will be made in the coming years. With this in mind, the emphasis is especially on: •Enterprise and corporate markets: Acceptance from enterprise businesses and large corporations helped drive the low-cost printer market to another year of solid growth. Fortune 500 manufacturers like Dell, Siemens, Caterpillar, Boeing, Ford, have all markedly increased their purchasing of low-cost printers due to the access they provide for distributed prototyping. Request Sample for this Report www.reportsnreports.com/contacts/requestsample.aspx?name=…. This report takes a look at the long-term potential for enterprise and corporate markets and the strategies available to hardware makers for entering this part of the low-cost 3D printer market. •Professional markets: Although consumer 3D printers beyond the “maker” market looks some way off, the analysts is seeing the rapid development of a professional market for 3D printers – at architects and designers. •Consumer markets: Although the true consumer 3DP market is not here yet, the analysts continue to believe that consumer 3DP is far from dead. To demonstrate where the real opportunities for consumer 3D printing will be found, this report includes unique feasibility analysis of available low-cost 3D printing technologies for the consumer user base, along with a logical penetration analysis and adoption timeline for consumer 3D printing. Clarifying Misconceptions and Strategies This report is also designed to clarify the many misconceptions that have emerged with regard to the low-cost printer market in 2016 and beyond and to demonstrate which strategies will help this market emerge from being the “Wild West” of 3D printing. Buy a copy of report @ www.reportsnreports.com/purchase.aspx?name=520461. Why should you buy this report? •Ten-year forecasts for low-cost printer hardware by printing technology, material shipments and revenue projections by category •Market share estimates for more than a dozen of the top competitors in the low-cost printer market. •Unique feasibility analysis of available low-cost 3D printing technologies for the consumer user base, along with a logical penetration analysis and adoption timeline for consumer 3D printing. •The report provides both the necessary market data and competitive analysis for firms – (printer makers, retailers, materials companies, service providers, and others). Inquire for Discount www.reportsnreports.com/contacts/discount.aspx?name=520461. Table of Contents Examining Market Opportunities for Low Cost 3D Printers The Consumer Market for Low Cost 3D Printers The Professional Market for Low Cost 3D Printers The Future of Low Cost 3D Printing and Ten Year Market Forecasts ReportsnReports.com is your single source for all market research needs. Our database includes 500,000+ market research reports from over 95 leading global publishers & in-depth market research studies of over 5000 micro markets. Ritesh Tiwari Maharashtra, India. Tel: +1-888-391-5441 sales@reportsandreports.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsMedia & Telecommunications Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Speech by Dr Amy Khor, Senior Minister of State, Ministry of the Environment and Water Resources at the Eco Action Day Circular Economy Roundtable on 1 June 2017 Next PostNext Global Borosilicate Tubes Market 2022: Analysis by Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers Search Recent Posts Tata Elxsi’s ‘AUTONOMAI’ Driverless Car Platform Selected by Leading OEM Pharmacy Automation Systems Market is expected to reach a CAGR of 6.7% during 2016 – 2026 PM O’Neill welcomes New World Bank Country Manager for PNG Paediatric Vaccine Market will increase at 14.4% CAGR during 2016-2026 Automotive Repair and Maintenance Services Market Poised to Rake US$ 750 Bn by the End of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Volg ons op: APS Nieuwsmanager login | Cision Communication Cloud™ login | English Home Diensten Verstuur direct een persbericht De media bereiken? Nieuwswaardige content creëren? Media-aandacht monitoren en analyseren Workshops & events Inspiratie Gepubliceerde persberichten Hoe schrijf je een effectief persbericht Verhalen van klanten Over ons Over ANP Pers Support Waarom kies jíj voor ANP Pers Support? Reacties van klanten Vacatures Contact Maak een afspraak Persbericht laten beoordelen Persbericht versturen Home/ Persberichten/ Airborne Wireless Network Successfully Performs its Proof of Concept Flight Test Airborne Wireless Network Successfully Performs its Proof of Concept Flight Test donderdag 1 juni 2017 14:31 Economie Dit is een origineel bericht van PR Newswire SIMI VALLEY, California, June 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Airborne Wireless Network is pleased to announce that on May 31, 2017, it completed its Proof of Concept flight tests in Roswell, New Mexico. https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/508284/Airborne_Logo.jpg [https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/508284/Airborne_Logo.jpg] The Proof of Concept flight tests were performed using two Boeing 767s and a temporary mobile mast system, emulating a ground station. The Company plans to provide the results of the flight tests once all of the data have been compiled from all participating partners. About Airborne Wireless Network The Company intends to create a high-speed broadband airborne wireless network by linking commercial aircraft in flight. It is projected that each aircraft participating in the network will act as an airborne repeater or router, sending and receiving broadband signals from one aircraft to the next and creating a digital superhighway in the sky. The Company intends the network to be a high-speed broadband internet pipeline to improve coverage connectivity. The Company does not intend to provide retail customer coverage to end users, but, instead, act as a wholesale carrier with target customers, such as internet service providers and telephone companies. Currently, the world's connectivity is achieved by use of undersea cables, ground based fiber and satellites. The Company believes that the Company's airborne digital highway may be a solution to fill the world's connectivity void. Once the network is developed and fully implemented, its uses may be limitless. The Company's network, once developed, should provide low-cost, high-speed connectivity to rural areas, island nations, ships at sea, oil platforms, in addition to connectivity to commercial and private aircraft in flight. For further information see: www.airbornewirelessnetwork.com [http://www.airbornewirelessnetwork.com/] Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements: This release includes "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company's management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, availability of capital; the inherent uncertainties associated with developing new products or technologies and operating as a development stage company; our ability to raise the additional funding we will need to continue to pursue our business and product development plans; our ability to develop and commercialize products based on our technology platform; competition in the industry in which we operate and market; general industry conditions; general economic factors; the impact of industry regulation; technological advances; new products and patents attained by competitors; manufacturing difficulties or delays; dependence on the effectiveness of the company's patents; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. Contact: Robert Haag IRTH Communications Phone 1-866-976-4784 ABWN@irthcommunications.com [mailto:ABWN@irthcommunications.com] Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/508284/Airborne_Logo.jpg [https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/508284/Airborne_Logo.jpg] Web site: http://www.airbornewirelessnetwork.com/ PR Newswire Dit persbericht is via ANP Pers Support naar internationale (vak en online) media gestuurd. Heb je nieuws voor buitenlandse journalisten? Bekijk dan onze mogelijkheden of neem contact met ons op. Andere persberichten van deze organisatie New Data Demonstrate Results for Lenvatinib vs. Sorafenib in First-Line Liver Cancer Trial zondag 4 juni 2017 15:31 ZTE tekent strategisch samenwerkingsverband met Telenet voor 5G en IoT zaterdag 3 juni 2017 11:45 Nieuwe data van KIHDNEy Cohort toont verbeterde biochemische resultaten en breed bereik geschiktheid voor patiënten, met meer frequente hemodialy vrijdag 2 juni 2017 14:01 New Data from KIHDNEy Cohort Shows Improved Biochemical Outcomes and Broad Range Patient Suitability with More Frequent Hemodialysis Using the Nx vrijdag 2 juni 2017 14:00 Verstuur nu éénmalig een persbericht Verstuur persberichten en beeldmateriaal naar redacties in binnen- en buitenland. Via het ANP-net, het internationale medianetwerk van PR Newswire of met een perslijst op maat. Direct persbericht versturen Contact Verrijn Stuartlaan 7 2288 EK Rijswijk 070 - 41 41 234 Follow us Ontvang onze nieuwsbrief Blijf op de hoogte en schrijf je in. Home Diensten Inspiratie Over ons Contact Algemene voorwaarden APS Direct Login ANP Pers Support is onderdeel van ANP en PR Newswire 070 - 41 41 234
The best international journalism. Finally in English. SUBSCRIBE LOG IN NEWSLETTER SUBSCRIBE LOG IN Home world affairs business / finance culture / society tech / science opinion / analysis Home world affairs business / finance culture / society tech / science opinion / analysis Sources & Partners Special Series About us Contact Corporate Services Privacy Policy Terms Of Use Legal Mentions Worldcrunch © All Rights Reserved Donald Trump's "Military First" Administration Trump at 136th Coast Guard Academy commencement ceremony in May. - Richard Brahm/Planet Pix/ZUMA       2017-06-01 U.S. President Trump has changed from a candidate concerned with the economic plight of ordinary Americans, to an imperialist president fascinated by military power. Juan Gabriel Tokatlian CLARIN English edition • WORLDCRUNCH 2017-06-01 English edition • WORLDCRUNCH 2017-06-01 -Analysis- BUENOS AIRES — The campaign slogan that helped get Donald J. Trump elected to the White House and that has characterized his first 100 days in office needs to be clarified: "America First" has so far actually meant "military first." Trump's announcements on tax reform, his executive orders affecting the economy and finances and his promises of unilateral action on trade will not necessarily strengthen the country's industrial or productive foundations, nor reduce material inequalities or social and cultural divisions. What is clear since January is that there has been greater emphasis on military muscle than diplomatic tact, an emphasis that was already evident since the end of the Cold War, and even more so since the attacks of September 11, 2001. Trump has unveiled his vision of strategic primacy: Washington will not tolerate the rise and advance of any power to the level of the U.S. This strategy was pursued by George W. Bush, then calibrated somewhat under Barack Obama and is now back in full force under Trump, as several indicators show: First, there is the military presence within the administration headed by Secretary of Defense James Mattis, Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly and National Security Advisor H. R. McMaster, all senior officers. People tied to the defense industry also occupy top positions, such as Secretary of the Air Force Heather Wilson, who had links to Lockheed subsidiary firms and investments in companies like Raytheon and Honeywell; Benjamin Cassidy, a senior official in the Department of Homeland Security who was an executive at Boeing; and Michael Catanzaro at the National Economic Council, who was a lobbyist for Halliburton. Added to these are well-known hawks like Attorney General Jeff Sessions and CIA Director Mike Pompeo. Using the most lethal arms does not necessarily make strategic sense, but it does convey a wish to appear more offensive Second, the administration decided to increase the defense budget by $54 billion for 2018, over the current $600 billion, while cutting the budgets of education, healthcare, environmental protection and international aid. Third, there has been a significant growth in the arms business. According to the Forum on the Arms Trade, Obama's first 100 days in office resulted in $713 million worth of notified arms sales, while arms sales in Trump's first 100 days totaled $6 billion. It was no wonder, therefore, that Moody's Investors Service noted an improved market climate for the military industry in March 2017 after a fall in the sector's contracts during 2012-15. Fourth, the new administration has continued and expanded the use of force with more potent and threatening weapons. A recent report in the Council on Foreign Relations said that the Obama administration launched 26,171 bombs in 2016, while it observed a 400% increase in drone attacks by the Trump administration. A military flyover in Saudi Arabia in May — Photo: Andrea Hanks/Planet Pix/ZUMA The report notes that the administration has increased U.S. involvement in Yemen, expanded military operations in Africa (especially Somalia), launched 59 Tomahawk missile attacks on Syria, dropped the "mother of all bombs" (MOAB) on a site in Afghanistan and is contemplating sudden military action against North Korea. Using the most lethal arms does not necessarily make strategic sense, but it does convey a wish to appear more offensive in conflicts where the United States has not demonstrated decisive victories. And fifth, there is clearly a political, bureaucratic and corporate backdrop to the belligerence of Trump's early presidency. During his campaign and in the early days of his administration, Trump's main focus was on terrorism, and other goals seemed limited. Over time, under pressure from civil and military actors and partly in response to his allies' demands, internal complications grew and with them, the belief that the use of force could deliver domestic political gains. Hence the decisions to step up the "war on terrorism," to threaten Iran and North Korea, to reconsider Russia's position as a major enemy of the West, to tacitly suggest "regime changes," reinforce certain Middle East alliances that have not contributed to boosting the region's alliances, tighten the geopolitical noose around China and to insinuate the willingness to cross red lines in the use of weapons of mass destruction. This is why the core policy of Donald Trump, whose personal style combines boldness and ignorance, is a resurgent United States where the military comes first. View article in original language ABOUT THE SOURCE All rights reserved © Worldcrunch - in partnership with CLARIN Subscribe to our newsletter for more great reads CRUNCHED BY Alidad Vassigh Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. RELATED STORIES United States Trump's Defeatist America, Burning Questions For The World France Toulouse To Manchester: Our Children's Blood, Our Own Denial United States Donald Trump's "Military First" Administration Israel No Messiah Can Solve The Israeli-Palestinian Conflict For Us France Channel Reversal: Will The Free Market Leave London For Paris? OUR SOURCES AND PARTNERS × The only truly global source for news. Get Worldcrunch delivered daily in your inbox. SIGN ME UP! × Thanks for signing up! Worldcrunch About us Contact Newsletters Corporate Services Privacy Policy Terms Of Use Legal Mentions Categories world affairs business / finance culture / society tech / science opinion / analysis Blogs Try all access now for just $0.99 SUBSCRIBE NOW
Airforce Technology News, views and contacts from the global Air Force industry Log in or Register Advertise With Us Aircraft Aircraft Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 75 Global Defence Technology: Issue 75 Analysis The US Air Force's struggle to retain fighter pilots The US Air Force's struggle to retain fighter pilots Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 72 Global Defence Technology: Issue 72 Helicopters Helicopters Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Projects Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Projects H135 Military Training Helicopter H135 Military Training Helicopter Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks Unmanned Systems Unmanned Systems Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Projects Snipe Nano Quadrotor UAS Snipe Nano Quadrotor UAS Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 74 Global Defence Technology: Issue 74 Projects PD-1 Unmanned Aerial System PD-1 Unmanned Aerial System Projects UVH-29E Unmanned Aerial Vehicle UVH-29E Unmanned Aerial Vehicle C4ISR C4ISR Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Projects Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks Projects GlobalEye Airborne Early Warning and Control (AEW&C) Aircraft GlobalEye Airborne Early Warning and Control (AEW&C) Aircraft Weapons and Systems Weapons and Systems Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis A lesson in air readiness with NATO A lesson in air readiness with NATO Analysis Air-to-Air Refuelling: why tomorrow’s tankers will need to pack their own punch Air-to-Air Refuelling: why tomorrow’s tankers will need to pack their own punch Analysis XS-1 Phase B: DARPA’s new space plane looks skyward XS-1 Phase B: DARPA’s new space plane looks skyward Projects Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Training and Simulation Training and Simulation Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis The US Air Force's struggle to retain fighter pilots The US Air Force's struggle to retain fighter pilots Projects H135 Military Training Helicopter H135 Military Training Helicopter Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks MRO and Logistics MRO and Logistics Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis A lesson in air readiness with NATO A lesson in air readiness with NATO Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks Analysis Spoofing and jamming: tackling threats to GPS-guided systems Spoofing and jamming: tackling threats to GPS-guided systems Market Data Market Data Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis The US Air Force's struggle to retain fighter pilots The US Air Force's struggle to retain fighter pilots Analysis The unmanned wingman: high-speed drones to support fighter aircraft The unmanned wingman: high-speed drones to support fighter aircraft Projects Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Projects H135 Military Training Helicopter H135 Military Training Helicopter Technology Technology Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 75 Global Defence Technology: Issue 75 Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 Analysis A lesson in air readiness with NATO A lesson in air readiness with NATO Analysis The unmanned wingman: high-speed drones to support fighter aircraft The unmanned wingman: high-speed drones to support fighter aircraft Companies Companies Company A-Z » Products & Services » Press Releases » White Papers » Videos » Suppliers United Electronic Industries - High-Density, Rugged Data Acquisition for Airforce Applications High-Density, Rugged Data Acquisition for Airforce Applications Suppliers 3W International - Heavy-Fuel and Gas Engines for Unmanned Aircraft Heavy-Fuel and Gas Engines for Unmanned Aircraft Suppliers Stäubli Electrical Connectors - Technological Solutions and Contact Systems for the Defence Industry Technological Solutions and Contact Systems for the Defence Industry Suppliers Rubb Buildings - Hangars and Sunshades for Military Aircraft and Helicopters Hangars and Sunshades for Military Aircraft and Helicopters Videos Events All Sections All Sections Projects » Analysis » Company A-Z » Products & Services » News » Press Releases » White Papers » Comment » Advertise With Us » Report Store » About us » News On Jun 1 2017 USAF tests KC-46A Pegasus multirole tanker at Benefield Anechoic Facility The US Air Force (USAF) is testing KC-46A Pegasus multirole tanker at Benefield Anechoic Facility (BAF) at Edwards Air Force Base, California, US. The testing is being conducted to show that the aerial refuelling tanker is in compliance with the Federal Aviation Administration certification requirements and the US Department of Defense (DoD) electromagnetic environmental effects requirements for systems. The tests, including shielding effectiveness, emission control and high intensity radiated fields, would confirm that the KC-46A systems do not suffer performance degradation that would prevent mission completion when subjected to the external radio frequency environment, the USAF stated. These tests are being carried out by Boeing, 772nd Test Squadron, 418th Flight Test Squadron and the Naval Surface Warfare Center Dahlgren Division. Operated by the 772nd Test Squadron, the BAF provides a free space so electronic warfare tests can be conducted without radio frequency interference from the outside world. "Operated by the 772nd Test Squadron, the BAF provides a free space so electronic warfare tests can be conducted without radio frequency interference from the outside world." The BAF is said to be the largest anechoic chamber in the world and can fit most aircraft inside. It is filled with polyurethane and polyethylene pyramids designed to stop reflections of electromagnetic waves. 772nd Test Squadron project lead engineer Delia Reyes said: “It also provides efficient testing that requires a large amount of high-power RF radiation, whereas outdoors this would be very restrictive and typically limited to shorter night-time test operations.” The USAF initiated the KC-46A tanker modernisation programme to replace about a third of the service’s ageing fleet of KC-135 Stratotanker fleet. The KC-46A is capable of providing boom and drogue refuelling on the same sortie, world-wide navigation and communication, and airlift capability on the entire main deck floor. It is also proficient in receiver air refuelling, improved force protection and survivability, and multi-point air refuelling capability. Image: A Boeing KC-46 Pegasus is loaded on the rotating platform at the Benefield Anechoic Facility for a series of avionics tests. Photo: courtesy of the US Air Force photo by Christopher Okula. Share Related Articles » Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Newsletter For all the latest air force industry news, sign up for our regular updates. Contact us Terms and conditions Privacy Links About us Digital Magazine Follow us: www.airforce-technology.com is a product of Kable. Copyright 2017 Kable, a trading division of Kable Intelligence Limited.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Airborne Wireless Network (ABWN: OTCQB) | Airborne Wireless Network Successfully Performs its Proof of Concept Flight Test SIMI VALLEY, Calif., June 1, 2017 /CNW/ — Airborne Wireless Network (OTC QB: ABWN) is pleased to announce that on May 31, 2017, it completed its Proof of Concept flight tests in Roswell, New Mexico. The Proof of Concept flight tests were performed using two Boeing 767s and a temporary mobile mast system, emulating a ground station. The Company plans to provide the results of the flight tests once all of the data have been compiled from all participating partners. About Airborne Wireless Network          The Company intends to create a high-speed broadband airborne wireless network by linking commercial aircraft in flight. It is projected that each aircraft participating in the network will act as an airborne repeater or router, sending and receiving broadband signals from one aircraft to the next and creating a digital superhighway in the sky. The Company intends the network to be a high-speed broadband internet pipeline to improve coverage connectivity. The Company does not intend to provide retail customer coverage to end users, but, instead, act as a wholesale carrier with target customers, such as internet service providers and telephone companies. Currently, the world’s connectivity is achieved by use of undersea cables, ground based fiber and satellites. The Company believes that the Company’s airborne digital highway may be a solution to fill the world’s connectivity void. Once the network is developed and fully implemented, its uses may be limitless. The Company’s network, once developed, should provide low-cost, high-speed connectivity to rural areas, island nations, ships at sea, oil platforms, in addition to connectivity to commercial and private aircraft in flight. For further information see: www.airbornewirelessnetwork.com Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements: This release includes „forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements.  Risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, availability of capital; the inherent uncertainties associated with developing new products or technologies and operating as a development stage company; our ability to raise the additional funding we will need to continue to pursue our business and product development plans; our ability to develop and commercialize products based on our technology platform; competition in the industry in which we operate and market; general industry conditions; general economic factors; the impact of industry regulation; technological advances; new products and patents attained by competitors; manufacturing difficulties or delays; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. Contact: Robert Haag IRTH Communications Phone 1-866-976-4784 ABWN@irthcommunications.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/airborne-wireless-network-successfully-performs-its-proof-of-concept-flight-test-300466905.html SOURCE Airborne Wireless Network Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire. All Rights Reserved The above news release has been provided by the above company via the OTC Disclosure and News Service. Issuers of news releases and not OTC Markets Group Inc. are solely responsible for the accuracy of such news releases. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Aerospace & Defense Connectors Market Poised to Grow at 5.1% CAGR During 2017 to 2022 and Reach $1.7 Billion in 2022, Signal Connector Likely to Remain the Most Dominant Product Type During the Forecast Period Next PostNext The American Society of Appraisers 2017-2018 Election Results Search Recent Posts Tata Elxsi’s ‘AUTONOMAI’ Driverless Car Platform Selected by Leading OEM Pharmacy Automation Systems Market is expected to reach a CAGR of 6.7% during 2016 – 2026 PM O’Neill welcomes New World Bank Country Manager for PNG Paediatric Vaccine Market will increase at 14.4% CAGR during 2016-2026 Automotive Repair and Maintenance Services Market Poised to Rake US$ 750 Bn by the End of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share Omni-Lite Industries Canada Inc. TSX VENTURE : OML OTCQX : OLNCF June 01, 2017 08:30 ET Omni-Lite Industries Announces Normal Course Issuer Bid LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA--(Marketwired - June 1, 2017) - Omni-Lite Industries Canada Inc. (TSX VENTURE:OML)(OTCQX:OLNCF) ("Omni-Lite" or the "Company") announces that it has submitted to the TSX Venture Exchange ("TSXV") its Notice of Intention to Make a Normal Course Issuer Bid ("Bid"). Pursuant to the Bid, the Company may purchase for cancellation up to 800,000 common shares of the Company which is equal to approximately 7.7 percent of the 10,369,120 issued and outstanding shares. Echelon Wealth Partners will be conducting the NCIB on behalf of the Company in accordance with the rules of the TSXV. The consideration paid for any such Common Shares will be the open market price at the time of acquisition. The Company will make no purchases of Common Shares other than open market purchases or other such means approved by the TSXV. The actual number of Common Shares of the Company that are purchased for cancellation under the Bid, if any, and the timing of such purchases will be determined by management as approved by the Board of Directors of the Company. To the knowledge of the Company, no director, senior officer or other insider of Omni-Lite currently intends to sell any Common Shares into this Bid. In the case a director, senior officer, or insider does sell any common shares into the Bid, the benefits to any such person would be the same as the benefits available to all other holders whose shares are purchased. The Company has repurchased and has canceled a total of 790,000 common shares pursuant to the previous normal course issuer bid which ended May 25, 2017. Purchases on the new NCIB may begin on June 1, 2017 and the Bid expires on May 31, 2018. Omni-Lite Industries Canada Inc. is a rapidly growing high technology company that develops and manufactures precision components utilized by Fortune 500 companies including Boeing, Airbus, Bombardier, Embraer, Alcoa, Ford, Borg Warner, Chrysler, the U.S. Military, Nike, and adidas. Reader Advisory Except for statements of historical fact, this news release contains certain "forward-looking information" within the meaning of applicable securities law. Forward-looking information is frequently characterized by words such as "plan", "expect", "project", "intend", "believe", "anticipate", "estimate" and other similar words, or statements that certain events or conditions "may" or "will" occur. In particular, forward-looking information in this press release includes, but is not limited to the expected future performance of the Company. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking information are reasonable, there can be no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. We cannot guarantee future results, performance or achievements. Consequently, there is no representation that the actual results achieved will be the same, in whole or in part, as those set out in the forward-looking information. Forward-looking information is based on the opinions and estimates of management at the date the statements are made, and are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking information. Some of the risks and other factors that could cause the results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking information include, but are not limited to: general economic conditions in Canada, the United States and globally; industry conditions, governmental regulation, including environmental regulation; unanticipated operating events or performance; failure to obtain industry partner and other third party consents and approvals, if and when required; the availability of capital on acceptable terms; the need to obtain required approvals from regulatory authorities; stock market volatility; competition for, among other things, capital, skilled personnel and supplies; changes in tax laws; and the other risk factors disclosed under our profile on SEDAR at www.sedar.com. Readers are cautioned that this list of risk factors should not be construed as exhaustive. The forward-looking information contained in this news release is expressly qualified by this cautionary statement. We undertake no duty to update any of the forward-looking information to conform such information to actual results or to changes in our expectations except as otherwise required by applicable securities legislation. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking information. Neither TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release. Contact Information Omni-Lite Industries Canada Inc. Mr. David Grant, CEO Tel. No. (562) 404-8510 or (800) 577-6664 Cell. No. (714) 757-8863 Email: d.grant@omni-lite.com Website: www.omni-lite.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Omni-Lite Industries Canada Inc. From this industry Manufacturing and Production From this sub-industry Machinery and Tools See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Skip to main content Login Subscribe Connect News News Container One This Week's Issue Breaking News Detroit Michigan News Arts/Entertainment Auto Suppliers/Manufacturing Entrepreneurship Food/Drink News Container Two Health Care Jobs/Talent Nonprofits People Elections Real Estate Sports Business Technology Awards Awards Container One All Awards Nominate 20 in their 20s 40 Under 40 50 Names to Know in Real Estate 50 Names to Know in IT Best Managed Nonprofits Awards Container Two Biggest Deals Cool Places to Work Eureka Index: Most-Innovative Companies Fast 50: Fastest-growing companies Health Care Heroes Newsmaker of the Year Most Influential Women Extras Extras Container One All Extras Year in Review 10 Things to do this Weekend Auto Show Detroit Homecoming Flint water crisis Food Economy Extras Container Two Giving Guide Mackinac Policy Conference Michigan Stock Center Michigan Women's Directory Most Connected Wayne County Jail Data Data Container One Data Center Book of Lists Directory: Creative Detroit Blogs / Opinion Blog Opinion Container Zero Opinion Keith Crain Ron Fournier Mary Kramer Other Voices Editorials Blog Opinion Container One Crain's Blogs Bill Shea - Sports business Carlos Portocarrero - Digital City Moments Chad Livengood - Detroit Rising Dustin Walsh - Economic Issues Jay Greene - Health care Kristin Bull - Detroit in the Media Blog Opinion Container Two . Kirk Pinho - Real estate Lindsay VanHulle - Covering the Capitol Mary Kramer - Inside Detroit Business Ron Fournier - Publisher/Editor Sherri Welch - Nonprofits Tom Henderson - Venture capital, banking, private equity, tech startups Wish List - A part of the Crain's Giving Guide Events Events Container One All Events Crain's Events Local Events Sponsored Events Submit Your Event Multimedia Multemedia Container One Multimedia Video Audio Photo Galleries Login Subscribe Connect Top Stories × Top Stories × Michigan Stock Index VISIT THE CRAIN'S MICHIGAN STOCK CENTER × Weather Forecast for Detroit Change Current Conditions 69 Monday 67/56 F Rain Tuesday 61/53 F Rain Wednesday 69/60 F Rain Thursday 70/58 F Rain Friday 74/61 F Rain June 01, 2017 7:31 am      Updated 2 days ago Whirlpool heats up trade fight with Samsung, LG over washers By Nick Turner and Jing Cao Bloomberg Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Comments Email Printer-friendly version Michigan Nonauto Manufacturing Trade Whirlpool Corp. is renewing allegations that its South Korean rivals illegally undercut prices on washing machines, setting up a trade fight that could be settled by the Trump administration. Sales at the Benton Harbor-based manufacturer's washer division, meanwhile, have been hampered by the situation. The American appliance giant on Wednesday filed a petition with the U.S. International Trade Commission against Samsung Electronics Co. and LG Electronics Inc. The so-called safeguard petition is meant to provide help to domestic manufacturers hurt by importers selling products at excessively low prices. "This filing addresses unprecedented behavior by two serial violators of U.S. trade laws," Whirlpool Chief Executive Officer Jeff Fettig said in a statement. In the filing, Whirlpool alleges Samsung and LG pursued a strategy of selling washing machines in the U.S. at artificially low prices, then doing an "end run" around U.S. anti-dumping laws intended to prevent such behavior. For example, the South Korean companies moved production to Vietnam and Thailand to avoid duties being imposed by the U.S. on machines they made in China, Whirlpool alleges. The long-simmering conflict has the potential to become a high-profile test for President Donald Trump. Trade and domestic manufacturing were signature issues in his campaign, and Fettig serves as a member of the president's manufacturing council. If the trade commission decides in Whirlpool's favor, it could recommend that Trump's administration step in and slap tariffs on the competitors' products. Whirlpool's filing would be the latest in a series of complaints companies have filed with the ITC, a federal tribunal that rules on trade disputes. Last month, Boeing Co. accused Bombardier Inc. of selling passenger jets in the U.S. at "absurdly low prices," asking the U.S. to impose duties on the Canadian jet builder. Trump has threatened to pull the U.S. out of its free-trade agreement with South Korea, calling the 2012 deal a "one-way street" that has only benefited the Asian country. The U.S. trade deficit with South Korea last year, at about $28 billion, was the eighth-largest shortfall among U.S. trading partners, according to Census Bureau data. Whirlpool's dispute follows cases in which the U.S. government has determined that the South Korean companies injured U.S. manufacturers by selling washing machines in the country at illegal prices, Whirlpool said. "In light of their apparent inability to compete with leading global brands like LG in the U.S. market, Whirlpool has decided to seek government restrictions to limit consumer choices," LG said in an emailed statement. The company said that in order for Whirlpool to succeed in its petition, it would have to prove that the imported goods are found to be a significant cause of serious injury to U.S. producers — "a high legal standard that Whirlpool cannot meet," LG said. Representatives for Samsung didn't have an immediate response to the filing. The disagreement with the South Korean companies dates back years, with victories on both sides. In 2011, Whirlpool alleged that its overseas rivals were receiving unfair government subsidies and selling products in the U.S. at below-market values. In 2013, South Korea filed a World Trade Organization dispute challenging the U.S. Commerce Department's calculations. It won a ruling from the WTO last year. The company's washer division has underperformed its other businesses, Fettig said. "If not for this unlawful behavior, we believe our washer category would have thrived like the rest of our North American business," he said. Whirlpool previously scored a win at the ITC in January, when it granted the company's request to place dumping duties on imports of large residential washing machines from China. The 6-0 decision paved the way for final duties on the products of as much as 52.5 percent. The company posted earnings last quarter that fell short of analysts' estimates, though in that case it blamed efforts to integrate Italy's Indesit SpA with its European operations. MICHIGAN MORNING NEWSLETTER Get a roundup of important news that happens each day. News This Week's Issue Breaking News Detroit Michigan News Arts/Entertainment Auto Suppliers/Manufacturing Entrepreneurship Food/Drink Health Care Jobs/Talent Nonprofits People Elections Real Estate Sports Business Technology Blogs / Opinion Keith Crain Ron Fournier Mary Kramer Other Voices Editorials Extras All Extras Year in Review 10 Things to do this Weekend Auto Show Detroit Homecoming Flint water crisis Food economy Giving Guide Mackinac Policy Conference Michigan Stock Center Michigan Women's Directory Most Connected Wayne County Jail Data Data Center Book of Lists Directory: Creative Detroit Awards All Awards Nominate 20 in their 20s 40 Under 40 50 Names to Know in Real Estate 50 Names to Know in IT Best Managed Nonprofits Biggest Deals Cool Places to Work Eureka Index: Most-Innovative Companies Fast 50: Fastest-growing companies Health Care Heroes Newsmaker of the Year Most Influential Women Events All Events Crain's Events Local Events Sponsored Events Submit Your Event Multimedia Multimedia Video Photo Galleries Connect With Crain's Connect Guide to Crain's Detroit Business About Crain's Detroit Business Subscribe to Crain's Detroit Business Contact the Crain's staff Contact Customer Service Subscribe to email newsletters Crain's reprints Classified advertising Crain's Job Connect Crain Content Studio Detroit: Let us tell your story Crain's Detroit Business Privacy Statement Buy a copy of Crain's Corrections Crain Content Studio Detroit Crain Content Studio — Detroit Giving Guide Custom Print E-newsletters Video Webinars Sponsor-contributed Advertising Advertising Opportunities 2017 Editorial Calendar (PDF) Classified advertising People on the Move Email Newsletters Crain's Michigan Morning Crain's Afternoon Report Crain's Breaking News Alert Crain's The Weekend Report Crain's People on the Move Crain's Health Care Extra Crain's Sports Business Report Crain's Nonprofit Report Crain's Detroit 2.0 Crain's Manufacturing Report This Week's Issue June 05, 2017 Connect with Crain's Detroit Business Twitter Facebook Linkedin Contact Subscribe Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright © 2017 Crain Communications, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman ViaSat-2 Scheduled for Launch Tonight, June 1 at 4:45 PM PDT CARLSBAD, Calif., June 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — ViaSat Inc. (NASDAQ: VSAT), a global broadband services and technology company, is proud to announce its ViaSat-2 satellite will launch tonight from the Guiana Space Center located in Kourou, French Guiana. The launch window is scheduled to open at 4:45 pm PDT (8:45 pm in Kourou) with a live webcast of the event starting at 4:30 pm PDT, streaming on www.viasat.com. The Arianespace Ariane 5 ECA launch vehicle will be responsible for sending the 6,418 kg ViaSat-2 satellite into its geostationary transfer orbit. ViaSat-2 will be located at the 69.9° west longitude orbital slot. The ViaSat-2 mission will take less than 30 minutes from liftoff to separation. Once the satellite separates from the rocket, the next major event will be acquisition, which is the point at which the satellite first communicates with, and accepts commands from a ground station. Acquisition is expected to occur approximately 15 minutes after separation from the launch vehicle. At that point, the mission can be considered successful. Launch Window The launch window for ViaSat-2 is one hour in duration, opening at 4:45 pm PDT / 8:45 pm GFT / 11:45 pm UTC. ViaSat, Arianespace and Boeing Satellite Systems International (the ViaSat-2 satellite manufacturer) will work closely to determine and confirm that conditions are appropriate for liftoff within the launch window. If conditions are not suitable for liftoff within the available launch window, the launch will be held until the following day, which follows the normal course of business for launch activities. About ViaSat-2 The ViaSat-2 satellite system is expected to significantly improve speeds, reduce costs and expand the footprint of broadband services across North America, Central America, the Caribbean and a portion of northern South America, as well as the primary aeronautical and maritime routes across the Atlantic Ocean between North America and Europe.  ViaSat-2 is a geostationary satellite that operates in Ka-band frequencies. It was designed to offer high-capacity connectivity and wide coverage, with the flexibility to move capacity to where demand requires it. As compared to ViaSat-1, ViaSat-2 is expected to double the bandwidth, with more than 300 Gigabits per second (Gbps) of total network capacity, as well as provide seven times the broadband coverage. About ViaSat ViaSat, Inc. (NASDAQ: VSAT) keeps the world connected. As a global broadband services and technology company, ViaSat ensures consumers, businesses, governments and military personnel have communications access – anywhere – whether on the ground or in-flight. The Company’s innovations in designing highest-capacity satellites and secure ground infrastructure and terminal technologies coupled with its international network of managed Wi-Fi hotspots enable ViaSat to deliver a best available network that extends the reach and accessibility of broadband internet service, globally. For more information visit ViaSat at:  www.viasat.com, or follow the Company on social media:  Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and YouTube. Forward Looking Statement This press release contains forward-looking statements that are subject to the safe harbors created under the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward looking statements include statements about the launch, orbital slot placement and entry into service of the ViaSat-2 satellite and the timing thereof, as well as the anticipated benefits, performance, coverage, capacity, bandwidth economics, service speed and other features of the ViaSat-2 satellite. Readers are cautioned that actual results could differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ include: risks associated with the launch, orbital slot placement, in-orbit testing and operation of the ViaSat-2 satellite, including the effect of any anomaly, operational failure or degradation in satellite performance, and the Company’s ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the ViaSat-2 satellite. In addition, please refer to the risk factors contained in ViaSat’s SEC filings available at www.sec.gov, including ViaSat’s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made. ViaSat undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements for any reason. Copyright © 2017 ViaSat, Inc. All rights reserved. All other product or company names mentioned are used for identification purposes only and may be trademarks of their respective owners. ViaSat is a registered trademark of ViaSat, Inc. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/viasat-2-scheduled-for-launch-tonight-june-1-at-445-pm-pdt-300466821.html SOURCE ViaSat, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Delphi Energy Completes Annual Credit Facility Review Next PostNext Retail shop raided for suspected illegal sale of unregistered pharmaceutical product (with photo) Search Recent Posts Tata Elxsi’s ‘AUTONOMAI’ Driverless Car Platform Selected by Leading OEM Pharmacy Automation Systems Market is expected to reach a CAGR of 6.7% during 2016 – 2026 PM O’Neill welcomes New World Bank Country Manager for PNG Paediatric Vaccine Market will increase at 14.4% CAGR during 2016-2026 Automotive Repair and Maintenance Services Market Poised to Rake US$ 750 Bn by the End of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter about us Atlas quartz index quartz app quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu THREES For only the fourth time in 17 years, three rockets are aiming to launch into orbit in one day Written by Tim Fernholz Obsession Space Business June 01, 2017 SpaceX launches a satellite for Inmarsat on May 16, 2017. (SpaceX) Share Written by Tim Fernholz Obsession Space Business June 01, 2017 If you need to measure whether the pace of space activity is really increasing or if people just get excited about rockets, consider that for the first time in five years, three orbital rockets will launch today on three different continents—and all three are on commercial missions. First, just after midnight GMT on June 1, a Japanese HII-A rocket operated by Mitsubishi launched a satellite intended to enhance global positioning system usage over Japan and the surrounding region, allowing more precise navigation in dense cities, for example. Launch of the #JAXA H-IIA with #QZS2. Reports that the second stage now in parking orbit. pic.twitter.com/PpPRMpxtQy — Alasdair Allan (@aallan) June 1, 2017 Then, if all goes as planned, Elon Musk’s SpaceX will fly its 11th mission to the International Space Station on behalf of NASA, at 5:55 pm EST/21:55 GMT. For the first time, much of its Dragon spacecraft will be reused from previous missions, part of the company’s cost-cutting efforts. And finally, coming in just under the wire at 7:45 pm EST/23:45 pm GMT, an Ariane 5 rocket will launch two communications satellites, one each from ViaSat and Eutelsat, from the European space champion’s South American spaceport in French Guiana. According to data kept by astrophysicist Jonathan McDowell, the last time three orbital rocket launches occurred on the same day was on May 17, 2012. Then, Russia launched a military satellite and a Canadian broadcast satellite on separate rockets, as a Japanese rocket launched satellites for its own space agency and Korea’s. Triple launches also occurred on June 15, 2010 (two Russian launches, including a convoy of astronauts to the International Space Station, and a Chinese launch) as well as on December 21, 2005 (again, two Russian launches, and an Arianespace launch from its Guiana space center). So today’s will be only the fourth triple-launch day in the last 17 years. By contrast, there were seven such days during the decade of the 1990s. The return of a triple-launch date, while essentially a coincidence, is a sign that after several years of growing pains, commercial rocket companies are starting to hit the tempos that have promised to boost access to space while reducing the cost. Those dreams were delayed by funding struggles; a launch failure and a fueling accident at the newest rocket giant, SpaceX, that kept its rockets grounded for 10 months in the last two years; and even political turmoil in French Guiana, home to Arianespace’s launch site. Now, the three major commercial space access providers are hoping to clear out a multi-year backlog of satellites. SpaceX is anticipating a dozen more missions this year, and has managed to maintain its goal of one launch every two weeks in May, with three launches anticipated in June. ULA, the Boeing-Lockheed Martin joint venture, expects to fly eight more missions this year. Arianespace also has eight more launches on its manifest, but is still resetting its plans following the political discord in French Guiana. The pace of launch being reached by the rocket firms has had knock-on effects for both satellite operators and manufacturers. At Boeing’s busy satellite factory in Los Angeles, an over-crowded floor has finally started to clear, with two satellites it built launched in the last two months and a third, Viasat-2, scheduled to fly today. Having multiple rockets in operation is easing the burden on the executives responsible for the multi-ton, multi-million-dollar flying computers we rely on in space. “Launch vehicles come and go, in a way; they have periods of issues, take time to come back and restore reliability, or sometimes they have congestion problems,” Michele Franci, the chief technical officer of Inmarsat, told Quartz after the company’s Boeing-built comms satellite launched on a SpaceX rocket from Cape Canaveral on May 16. “Having diversity in the choice of the launchers, having access to more than one, is really important to hedge your bets and protect the deployments of your assets.” That kind of confidence, along with falling prices spurred by SpaceX’s push into reusability, has led to a flood of private investment into space start-ups, from satellite makers to companies marketing small rockets specially made for launching the latest generation of lightweight satellites. Most Popular Every successful relationship is successful for the same exact reasons Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
X SORRY, No RESULTS FOUND LOAD MORE News notification hi, my dashboard profile setting logout sign in / sign up Home india world sports weird FOR YOU Trending Four International Manufacturers Ready To Supply 57 Fighter Jets To The Indian Navy Home News india world sports weird Technology News Apps Science And Future Lifestyle self style who we are travel food Entertainment bollywood celebscoop hollywood Health Healthy Living Recipes Inspire Tips & Tricks Buzz Sports Videos Trending Home > News > india Four International Manufacturers Ready To Supply 57 Fighter Jets To The Indian Navy Indiatimes June 01, 2017 While the Indian Navy is looking to add more fighter jets in its arsenal, four international manufacturers have shown a keen interest in supplying 57 multi-role combat fighter jets for its aircraft carrier, Indian Navy chief Sunil Lanba said today. The chief of naval staff also said the Scorpene submarine Kalvari is going through its final phase of trials and should be delivered by July-August. Reuters According to reports, having rejected indigenously built 'Tejas' as too heavy, the Indian Navy in January issued a Request for Information to procure 57 multi-role combat aircraft for its carrier. "The Navy has got a response from four players for the RFI. We will examine the RFI and take it forward," Lanba said on the sidelines of a seminar organised by FICCI on 'Building India's Future Navy Technology Imperatives'. He, however, did not disclose the name of the companies which have shown interest in the proposal. At present, the Navy operates 45 MIG-29K jets which face serviceability issues from time to time. Currently, six planes are compatible for aircraft carrier. They are Rafale (Dassault, France), F-18 Super Hornet (Boeing, US), MIG-29K (Russia), F-35B and F-35C (Lockheed Martin, US) and Gripen (Saab, Sweden). Reuters While F-18, Rafale and MIG-29K are twin engine jets, the remaining three have single engine. The delivery of deck-based fighter jets is expected to take four-five years. The indigenously built aircraft-carrier Vikrant should complete trials in 2019. It was likely to be commissioned by 2020, Lanba said. When asked about the recently approved Strategic Partnership (SP) model under which select private firms will be engaged to build military platforms like submarines and battle helicopters, Lanba said the next step would be to identify strategic partners. "All three service chiefs will have to go and get the AONs (Acceptance of Necessity) on what we want to be built through strategic partners, so that partners in each segment can be identified. Reuters "We are hopeful that we should be able to move this process in next six months," he said. Four segments -- submarines, fighter aircraft, helicopters and armoured carriers/main battle tanks -- were identified under the new policy, aimed at attracting billions of dollars of investment in defence manufacturing by private defence majors including leading foreign firms. Don't Miss Indian Navy Sets An Example By Initiating Court Martial Of An Officer For Allegedly Molesting... 1.8K SHARES After 32 Years In The Service Of The Nation, INS Ganga Will Finally Retire Today 1.8K SHARES Setting A Great Example Of Harmony, A Temple In Kerala Holds Iftar For Muslims Who Helped... 46K SHARES Indian Army Men Create History By Climbing Mt Everest Without Using Oxygen Cylinders 18.6K SHARES Hindus & Muslims Join Hands To Remove Loudspeakers From Places Of Worship In Moradabad Village 17.2K SHARES The Ministry of Defence had recently scrapped navy's decision to appoint Flag Officer Delhi Area (FODA) and Flag officer Gujarat Naval area (FOGNA) without its consent. Responding to this, Lanba said, "We are in discussion with the Ministry of Defence and we will resolve it." Inputs from PTI PROMOTED STORIES Tophatter The Most Addicting Shopping Site For Women ArabiaNow Ivanka Trump Praised Female Empowerment in Saudi Arabia KiwiReport Ever Wonder Why Marisa Tomei Never Had Children? Vikings: Free Online Game This new game will keep you up all night! Lonny The Inside Of Leonardo Dicaprio's House Is Far From What Y.. Intel Learn About the Two Main Libraries for IoT Projects just in india 13.6K SHARES Afroz Shah, Who Initiated Versova Beach Clean Up, Vows To Clean 19 Beaches In Mumbai Partner 5.9K SHARES India Vs Pakistan: 5 Reasons Why You Absolutely Cannot Miss The India-Pakistan Match india 235 SHARES London Attack Kills Seven, Indian Army Opens Combat Roles To Women, And Other Stories Of The Day india 10.5K SHARES CNN 'Congratulates' Indian Origin Girl Who Won The Prestigious Spelling Bee With Racist Remarks Find a State Farm® agent near you! State Farm Insurance world 5.3K SHARES Man In London Runs From Terror Attack Spot, But With Beer In Hand, Becomes Symbol Of Resilience Partner 5.1K SHARES Ranbir Kapoor’s Latest Travel Video Is Something Every Traveller Must Watch. We Are Definitely Loving It india 1.5K SHARES ISRO Will Soon Launch Rocket To Ferry Indians Into Space. Here's Everything You Need To Know About It india 4.1K SHARES Awaiting Justice, Jewar 'Gang-Rape' Victim Attempts Suicide By Hanging Herself Buy spacious 3 bed apartments in Bengaluru SOBHA india Bahubali 2 Style Bull Charge On Jabalpur Streets As Illegal Dairy Owners Let Them Loose On Inspectors india 3.6K SHARES India Slays NYT And Their Spiteful History Of Mockery After Trump Exits Paris Treaty india 7.2K SHARES Indian Army Crosses A Gender Hurdle And Opens Combat Roles For Women india Studying By Candlelight, 16-Year-Old Son Of A Farmer Nails Class 10 Exam With Perfect 10 CGPA The Best War Game Of The Year Soldiers: Free Online Game   YOU MAY ALSO LIKE celebscoop Sorry Bebo! But It Was Taimur Ali Khan Who Was The Real Star On The Internet This Week Isha Sharma 23.2K SHARES celebscoop 11 Photos That Prove Sonakshi Sinha Is The Ultimate Instagram Queen Saloni Singh 42.4K SHARES Entertainment This Video Of College Girls From Odisha Dancing On Rahman’s Muqabala Is Breaking The... Garima Satija 30.5K SHARES Ad Students: Discover Habits for Success Arizona State University celebscoop Prabhas Is Experiencing Withdrawal Symptoms, Says Baahubali Was His Life For Five Years! Garima Satija 28K SHARES world Ireland Chooses An Indian-Origin Gay Doctor To Be Its Next Prime Minister. And He's Just 38-YO Indiatimes 20K SHARES india Home Minister Breaks Protocol, Hugs BSF Jawan Who Sustained 85% Disability While Fighting... Indiatimes 22.3K SHARES Ad Stop Paying $300 for Glasses - Here's How! GlassesUSA.com india In A First, Acid Attack Survivors Between The Age Of 18-40 Are Offered Legal Jobs In Delhi Aamir Khan 9K SHARES india London Muslims Come Forward To Help Attack Victims, Offer Free Ride, Food And Stay Shewali Tiwari 8.6K SHARES india Poverty, Bone Disorder And Unsupportive Parents, Nothing Stopped Ummul Kher From Clearing UPSC KC Archana 12.9K SHARES Ad Can a credit card help you get OUT of debt faster? The Simple Dollar OUR NETWORK MensXP iDiva Luxpresso Whats Hot SPECIALS #GIRF2017 #Budget2017 #FitIT #SelfieExpert Pollution Today Stories That Matter 2016 #PunjabDrugCrisis #Error377 Go For Gold #FRONTLINES Indianama Panama Papers ABOUT US KNOW IT Trending Topics Mobile Apps ARCHIVES sitemap Contact us Privacy Policy Terms & CONDITIONS get app Stay UPDATED with all that's buzzing and trending with indiatimes App! FOLLOW US ON other sites News – TO CricBuzz Happy Trips Business Insider Gizmodo Lifehacker Gaana Techradar WHAT'S HOT ZigWheels FILMIPOP Femina Property Speaking Tree Copyright © 2017 Times Internet Limited. Powered by Indiatimes Lifestyle Network. All rights reserved
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Airborne ISR Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4% by 2021 Airborne ISR Market Market Synopsis of Airborne ISR Market: The global Airborne ISR market is expected to grow at a CAGR of around 4% during 2016-2021. This growth is driven due to growing demand of unmanned aerial vehicle, investments on ISR payloads, and procurement of multirole UAV remote sensors. The need for UAV remote sensors emerged from the changes in military security missions, such as, shift to Net-centric warfare (NCW), increasing Low intensity conflicts (LIC), need for persistence, and reduced tolerance to casualties. The Americas is the dominant player with 55% of the market share and is likely to be the leading region in the forecast period. Whereas, with the growing defense spending and procurement of airborne systems, APAC region will grow significantly at a CAGR of around 9% during the forecast period. Request a Sample Copy @ www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1334 Key Players of Airborne ISR Market: • BAE Systems • L-3 Communication • Lockheed Martin • Northrop Grumman • UTC Aerospace Systems • Boeing • General Dynamics • Raytheon • Rockwell Collins • Thales Study Objectives of Airborne ISR Market • To provide detailed analysis of the market structure along with forecast for the next 5 years of the various segments and sub-segments of the Global Airborne ISR Market. • To provide insights about factors affecting the market growth. • To analyse the Global Airborne ISR Market based on various factors- price analysis, supply chain analysis, porter’s five force analysis etc. • To provide historical and forecast revenue of the market segments and sub-segments with respect to four main geographies and their countries- North America, Europe, Asia, and Rest of the World (ROW). • To provide country-level analysis of the market with respect to the current market size and future prospective. • To provide country-level analysis of the market for segment by systems and purpose. • To provide strategic profiling of key players in the market, comprehensively analysing their core competencies, and drawing a competitive landscape for the market. • To track and analyse competitive developments such as joint ventures, strategic alliances, mergers and acquisitions, new product developments, and research and developments in the Global Airborne ISR Market. Brief Toc: 1. Introduction 1.1 Report Description 1.2 Research Objective 2. Executive Summary 2.1 Key Findings / Highlights 2.1.1 Investment Opportunities 2.1.2 Market Startegies 2.1.3 Latest Developments 3. Scope of the Study 3.1 Markets Covered 3.2 Years Considered For the Study (2016-2021) 3.2 Geographic Scope 3.3 Key Stakeholders 4. Assumptions and Limitations 5. Research Methodology 5.1 Primary Research 5.2 Secondary Research 5.3 Econometric and Forecasting Model Continue… Access Report Details @ www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/airborne-isr-market-… About Market Research Future: At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services. MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions. In order to stay updated with technology and work process of the industry, MRFR often plans & conducts meet with the industry experts and industrial visits for its research analyst members. Contact: Akash Anand, Market Research Future Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar, Pune – 411028 Maharashtra, India +1 646 845 9312 Email: akash.anand@marketresearchfuture.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Economy, Finances, Banking & Insurance Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Nucleic Acid Labeling Market Size, Share and Supply with Competitive Landscape 2017-2022 Next PostNext New Report of the Top 100 Manufacturers of Dental Implants Worldwide: Overview, Growth Factors, Suppliers and Distributors Forecast Report till 2022 Search Recent Posts Tata Elxsi’s ‘AUTONOMAI’ Driverless Car Platform Selected by Leading OEM Pharmacy Automation Systems Market is expected to reach a CAGR of 6.7% during 2016 – 2026 PM O’Neill welcomes New World Bank Country Manager for PNG Paediatric Vaccine Market will increase at 14.4% CAGR during 2016-2026 Automotive Repair and Maintenance Services Market Poised to Rake US$ 750 Bn by the End of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
  News Magazines Events Industry Calendar Products   Home >> News: May 31st, 2017 >> Story Satnews Daily May 31st, 2017 It's Time to Roll Out and Get Ready for Arianespace’s Launch Thursday of Two Satellites Ariane 5 rolls out for Arianespace’s heavy-lift mission with ViaSat-2 and EUTELSAT 172B All is ready for Thursday's launch, and Arianespace has released the following information. The Ariane 5 for Arianespace’s sixth mission overall in 2017 is now at the launch zone, ready for a June 1 evening departure from the Spaceport in French Guiana to inject the dual-satellite payload of ViaSat-2 and EUTELSAT 172B into geostationary transfer orbit. Installed atop one of two mobile launch tables in service for Ariane 5, the heavy-lift vehicle was transferred today from the Spaceport’s Final Assembly Building to its ELA-3 launch zone. ViaSat-2 will be released first during tomorrow’s nearly 42-minute mission, which is designated Flight VA237 in Arianespace’s launcher family numbering system. The spacecraft, with a liftoff mass estimated at 6,418 kg., will be operated from an orbital position of 70 degrees West by ViaSat, a global broadband services and technology company based in Carlsbad, California.   Boeing and Airbus-built satellite payloads for Flight VA237    The Boeing-built ViaSat-2 relay platform is designed to bring considerable improvements in terms of speed, lower costs and extended broadband coverage within its footprint, which includes North and Central America, plus the Caribbean, northern South America, and the aeronautical and maritime routes in the Atlantic Ocean between North America and Europe. Completing Flight VA237 will be EUTELSAT 172B’s deployment by Ariane 5. This spacecraft will join the fleet of Paris-based Eutelsat, a leading satellite operator in Europe, the Middle East and Africa, and has a liftoff mass set at 3,551 kg. EUTELSAT 172B is to be located at an orbital position of 172 deg. East for Asia-Pacific reach over land and sea from Alaska to Australia, delivering increased capacity for fast-growing applications that include in-flight and maritime connectivity, cellular backhaul, corporate networks, video distribution and government services. The spacecraft was built by Airbus as the initial all-electric telecommunications satellite produced in Europe—and the first of its type to be orbited by Ariane 5. Topical Tags :  Regulatory/Government    Launch    Business Moves    Satellite Operator    Service Provider      Regional Tags :  Asia/Asia Pacific    Europe    North America             FREE SUBSCRIPTION Today's Top News Success for Airbus Safran Launchers and Arianespace as They Celebrate Third Launch ViaSat Celebrates Successful Launch and Even the First Signals from ViaSat-2  Inmarsat Signs On Thales Alenia Space to Build Their Next GX Satellite HISPASAT Parts Ways with the Thales Alenia Space-Built Hispasat 1C Satellite SpaceX's Dragon Re-Play Is a Success ... Launch for Resupply of ISS More News C-COM's Good News ... Listed Again in Branham300 of Canada's Top ICT Companies Investment Grant Comes to NanoAvionics for their Smallsat Propulsion System 'Carry On' Says NASA to Blue Canyon Technologies’ RAVAN Cubesat New Signal Generator Debuts from Rohde & Schwarz SkyVision Bringing Gateway Stations to Global IP's GiSat-1 Satellite Network Enhanced Training Data Accuracy from East View Geospatial Orbit Logic's SpyMeSat App Now Offers SAR and 40cm Satellite Imagery Last Week's Top Stories Plug is Pulled ... No-Go for Intelsat and OneWeb Merger ... and Intelsat's Statement It's a G'day for Aussies as First Satellite in 15 Years Released from ISS ... However SpaceX Moves Launch of Iridium's NEXT Satellite Constellation Ahead of Schedule ... 10 at One Time December Set for Launch of Bangladesh's First Satellite RUAG Space and VIPs Celebrate Decatur, Alabama Manufacturing Facility Totaling Four US Locations ISRO Getting "Heavy" with GSLV Mk III Launch ILS Announces, After a Year's Delay, EchoStar XXI Will Finally Launch Bon Chance! Arianespace Celebrates Launch of ViaSat-2 and EUTELSAT 172B 'Carry On' Says NASA to Blue Canyon Technologies’ RAVAN Cubesat GomSpace to Deliver Two Smallsats to SpaceQuest News Topics All Topics Agencies Analysis/Reports Business Moves Consumer Applications Events Executive Moves Finance Launch Manufacturing Military New Products Regulatory/Government SatBroadcasting Satellite Operator Service Provider SmallSat Systems News Regions All Regions Asia/Asia Pacific Europe Global Middle East/Africa North America South/Central America Past News Magazine Articles News & Data Current Satellite News Last Week's Top Stories News Topics News Regions Past News Magazines About Us Main Office / Sales Editorial Contacts History Staff Industry Industry Directory Free Publications Products Satellite Events Global Space Exploration Conference (GLEX 2017) International Paris Air Show NSMMS & CRASTE Joint Conference MilSatCom USA Small Satellite Conference: Small Satellites  Big Data IDGA Maritime ISR Summit Digital Ship Maritime CIO Forum Tokyo
dailyrecordLoad mobile navigation News Latest News Scottish News UK & World News Politics Crime Health Real Life Business & Consumer Weird News Science & TechnologyExpand Politics Football Scottish Premiership Scottish Championship Scottish Cup Betfred Cup Scotland Football Team Transfer News English Premier LeagueExpand Sport Latest Sport Football Rugby Golf Tennis Boxing DartsExpand TV & Celebs Latest Celebs Celebrity News TV & Radio News Celebrity InterviewsExpand Life & Style Scotland Now In Your Area Aberdeen Dundee Glasgow Edinburgh Inverness See all locationsExpand Business Travel My Account Subscriptions Sign Out facebook twitter Motoring Property Bingo Competitions Horoscopes BuySell Dating Directory Jobs Advertising InYourArea About Us Contact Us Got A Story? Local News Cookie Policy Advertising Jobs Buy a Photo Competition Rules How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Policy Contact the Judge Sunday Mail Centenary Fund Paper Subscription to the Daily Record and Sunday Mail Paper Subscription to the Paisley Daily Express Terms and Conditions © 2017 Scottish Daily Record and Sunday Mail Ltd Home News Scottish News Education News Why modern apprenticeships are helping girls thrive in a male-dominated world We meet three mould-breaking young women who earn while they learn on the job.  Share ByAnna Burnside 06:00, 1 JUN 2017 News Anna Manson is among the thousands of young people carving a career through a modern apprenticeship (Photo: Daily Record)  Share Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email In the olden days, the apprentice was the butt of the factory’s jokes. Sent off to the store room for a tin of tartan paint. Told to find a new bubble for the spirit level, up on the shelf beside the glass hammers. Today’s modern apprenticeships, run by Skills Development Scotland, are not like that. Every year, 25,000 school leavers start four-year traineeships, earning while learning on the job. They are in every part of the economy, from health and finance to building and IT. At the end, young people have a qualification. There are four levels, with the top one equivalent to a degree. And they have no student debt around their necks. A wide range of career paths will be on show at The Scottish Apprenticeship Shows in Glasgow, Edinburgh and Aberdeen this autumn. Modern apprenticeships are also a great way for young women to get into technical professions. We met three mould-breakers excelling in male-dominated jobs. Read More Scots Muslim convert forced to flee country after sick social media rant on Manchester bombing causes backlash Anna Manson Anna Manson will soon complete her HND in aeronautical engineering (Photo: Daily Record) Anna finished her apprenticeship – “got her time out” – last year. Like the five other young people who started with her at Spirit in Monkton in 2012, she’s been kept on. She has two more exams to get her HND in aeronautical engineering. Anna spent the first year of her apprenticeship Ayr College, learning the basics of aircraft engineering and practical skills such as hand drilling. For the next three years, she spent six months working on each of the models the Ayrshire factory builds. “I now have experience of Airbus and Boeing, the two biggest manufacturers, so I can work anywhere in the world,” she said. Anna’s first day at the vast plant was quite intimidating. She explained: “The interview and testing was in the office, but the factory is huge. “There’s so much going on, it’s so busy, it’s really noisy as well. It’s not like anything at school.” But Anna settled in fine, and is now helping two female friends in engineering apprenticeships adjust to working in male environments – not that she finds it hard. She said: “Most of the time it’s fine, I don’t notice any difference at all. But occasionally when it’s all football chat I start to tune out.” One niggle is the uniform. The boiler suits don’t fit her so she wears a paper one over combat trousers and a polo shirt – plus gloves, boots and ear defenders. “It’s a really great look,” she grinned. “But if you’re too hung up on how you look, it’s probably not the right job for you.” Bethany Welsh Bethany Welsh wants to be a site engineer (Photo: Daily Record) Architecture and design have been Bethany Welsh’s obsessions since first-year at school. The classroom was never her favourite place but she loved technical subjects. She recalled: “I was always outdoors, doing stuff. I didn’t not like going to school, but when the last bell rang it was the best time of my day. “I wanted to be out on the site designing, seeing projects being built, being part of that process.” A graduate-level apprenticeship with Balfour Beatty in the north of Scotland ticked all the boxes. Bethany has worked on major infrastructure projects such as the Inveramsay Bridge outside Inverurie. As a contractor for the RAF, she has been on bases around the north of Scotland, as well as working on the nuclear plant at Caithness. She has also joined smaller projects including a local authority flood protection scheme. And she has run her own concrete-pouring operation – not an achievement on many 20-year-olds’ CVs. There is classroom time involved, but it’s nothing like school. Bethany explained: “It’s much more interesting now. It’s something you want to learn because you’ve got the job and you can relate it to what you’re doing every day.” Now in her fourth year with Balfour Beatty, Bethany is convinced she made the right career move. She said: “I will come out with the same qualification as someone who has been to university, but with years and years of experience, which is ultimately what employers are looking for. “Once I have qualified I want to be a site engineer. “I’ve thought about going into the design side of civil engineering, maybe when I’m older. But that site experience – that’s with me for life. I will remember that more than reading a book.” Read More 18 women on hen do in tears after being kicked off plane for wearing 'offensive' t-shirts Kelsey Pexton Kelsey Pexton When Kelsey first did work experience with Arnold Clark, she had no interest in cars. She hadn’t even started driving lessons. But she got on so well that they invited her back and eventually offered her an apprenticeship. She had planned to go to university to study product engineering but after trying all the different roles in the firm’s body shop, she changed gear. “I did parts, mechanics, reception and spray-painting,” she recalled. “But I’m quite an artsy, designy person and I liked painting, so that drew me towards that side of the job.” Kelsey is the only woman in the body shop. But she insisted: “It’s not as bad as everyone thinks.” Until, that is, her colleagues start on their favourite subject. “They talk about football all the time,” she said. “I have tried, but I don’t really have any interest in football whatsoever. “I put my earphones in and get Netflix on so I don’t have to listen to it.” She is also the only female in her block release class of 15 at West College Scotland in Clydebank. “It was a bit challenging when we started. The boys were saying, ‘Oh, we have a girl in our class, better watch what we’re saying.’ Now they’re fine.” People meeting five-foot Kelsey for the first time often she assumes she works in a traditionally “ladylike” job. She soon puts them right. “They can’t believe such a small petite person can do a big job like spray-painting cars. They think I work in retail until I tell them no no no, I work for Arnold Clark. “My boyfriend is still coming to terms with it. He says I have a more masculine job than he does. He has to deal with it. I’m not changing my job any time soon.” Read More Top news stories today Mum slain and son left fighting for life SAS troops deployed for first time Rangers close in on double deal Scholes: Brown not good enough for EPL Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @Daily_Record Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe More On Universities and Colleges Glasgow Edinburgh Aberdeen Education Tartan Schools News all Most Read Most Recent NewsPoliceman's sweet gesture in crowd at One Love as Justin Bieber gives emotional speech was moment Manchester "broke" Justin Bieber may have been given an emotional speech, but the crowd was in love with this policeman UK & WorldWhy you shouldn't share these photos of 'missing' people from London terror attacks - and sick truth behind them Don't share anything until you're confident the source is trustworthy and their claim is legitimate NewsLondon Bridge hero who used martial arts skills to tackle terrorists cannot speak after being stabbed in the neck Geoff Ho, a business editor with the Sunday Express, is in intensive care after confronting the terrorists in a bid to save strangers' lives London Bridge terror attackFirst victim named in London Bridge Terror Attack was a 'beautiful bride-to-be': Everything we know so far Overnight update: Canadian killed by the terrorists in London on Saturday night was Chrissy Archibald. TerrorismPolice warn Scots to be on alert after London Bridge attack with severe terror warning in place The Scottish Government's Resilience committee will meet later today to discuss the situation and review country's security. Manchester terror attackAriana Grande reveals emotional meeting with mum of girl killed by bomb changed One Love Manchester The star says she broke down in tears when she hugged Olivia Campbell-Hardy's mum. TrafficForth Road Bridge reopens after reports of 'person climbing towers' closes major route Traffic Scotland advised drivers to take an alternative route as road is closed due to a 'police incident'. RutherglenWhat's on in Rutherglen and Cambuslang this summer... A busy summer of events will be taking place London Bridge terror attackFirst victim named in London Bridge Terror Attack was a 'beautiful bride-to-be': Everything we know so far Overnight update: Canadian killed by the terrorists in London on Saturday night was Chrissy Archibald. Manchester terror attackAriana Grande's One Love Manchester concert recap: Liam Gallagher makes surprise appearance at benefit concert alongside Justin Bieber, Katy Perry and more Ariana Grande was joined by a host of megastars when she returned to Manchester for the huge fundraising concert at Old Trafford. Most Read Most Recent Rangers FCRangers target Eduardo Herrera arrives in Glasgow to seal £1.5m Ibrox move The Mexican international is set to become Pedro Caixinha's latest summer signing and is set to be followed by Fabio Cardoso and Dalcio. Celebrity NewsPiers Morgan apologises to Ariana Grande and admits he 'misjudged' her after watching One Love Manchester concert The Good Morning Britain presenter has eaten his words after criticising the star for failing to visit the Manchester victims Celtic FCCeltic in 'advanced talks' with Manchester City over deal for Patrick Roberts A fee for the winger, who enjoyed a stunning season on loan at Celtic, remains the sticking point with City expected to hold out for close to £10m. NewsPoliceman's sweet gesture in crowd at One Love as Justin Bieber gives emotional speech was moment Manchester "broke" Justin Bieber may have been given an emotional speech, but the crowd was in love with this policeman UK & WorldWhy you shouldn't share these photos of 'missing' people from London terror attacks - and sick truth behind them Don't share anything until you're confident the source is trustworthy and their claim is legitimate Manchester terror attackAriana Grande reveals emotional meeting with mum of girl killed by bomb changed One Love Manchester The star says she broke down in tears when she hugged Olivia Campbell-Hardy's mum. TrafficForth Road Bridge reopens after reports of 'person climbing towers' closes major route Traffic Scotland advised drivers to take an alternative route as road is closed due to a 'police incident'. RutherglenWhat's on in Rutherglen and Cambuslang this summer... A busy summer of events will be taking place London Bridge terror attackFirst victim named in London Bridge Terror Attack was a 'beautiful bride-to-be': Everything we know so far Overnight update: Canadian killed by the terrorists in London on Saturday night was Chrissy Archibald. Rangers FCRangers target Eduardo Herrera arrives in Glasgow to seal £1.5m Ibrox move The Mexican international is set to become Pedro Caixinha's latest summer signing and is set to be followed by Fabio Cardoso and Dalcio. Top Stories London Bridge terror attackFirst victim named in London Bridge Terror Attack was a 'beautiful bride-to-be': Everything we know so far Overnight update: Canadian killed by the terrorists in London on Saturday night was Chrissy Archibald. Manchester terror attackManchester Arena bombing victim Eilidh MacLeod's body arrives back in Barra for funeral Eilidh was among 22 people who died in the terrorist attack at the Ariana Grande concert on Monday May 22, which also left dozens injured. TerrorismPolice warn Scots to be on alert after London Bridge attack with severe terror warning in place The Scottish Government's Resilience committee will meet later today to discuss the situation and review country's security. London Bridge terror attack'He's a soldier': Pal praises Dad-of-three 'stabbed four times' in London terror attack Brett Freeman was stabbed four times during the murderous rampage which claimed the lives of seven people TrafficForth Road Bridge reopens after reports of 'person climbing towers' closes major route Traffic Scotland advised drivers to take an alternative route as road is closed due to a 'police incident'. Politics'You can't protect the public on the cheap': Jeremy Corbyn slams Theresa May's police cuts in first speech after London Bridge attack Labour Leader Jeremy Corbyn is set to give his first public speech since last night's deadly terror attack in London. NewsLondon Bridge hero who used martial arts skills to tackle terrorists cannot speak after being stabbed in the neck Geoff Ho, a business editor with the Sunday Express, is in intensive care after confronting the terrorists in a bid to save strangers' lives. Nicola Sturgeon'Scotland will be independent by 2025 and we won't be told to shut up': Nicola Sturgeon The SNP leader reveals a steely determination to progress in a new interview. TerrorismElite SAS terror troops deployed on British streets for the first time after London Bridge attack The special group was formed in 2015 to respond to terrorists on the loose and is now being used for the first time. London Bridge terror attackLondon mayor Sadiq Khan hits back at Donald Trump insult saying he 'has more important things to do' The President has taken to Twitter to make a political point out of the atrocity which has left seven people dead in central London. Kilmarnock FCFormer Kilmarnock ace Souleymane Coulibaly claims he was treated like a slave as he explains why he walked out on Al Ahly Coulibaly released an astonishing statement on Twitter this evening claiming the club withheld his passport and made his family feel uncomfortable practising their religion. UK & WorldWhy you shouldn't share these photos of 'missing' people from London terror attacks - and sick truth behind them Don't share anything until you're confident the source is trustworthy and their claim is legitimate NewsPoliceman's sweet gesture in crowd at One Love as Justin Bieber gives emotional speech was moment Manchester "broke" Justin Bieber may have been given an emotional speech, but the crowd was in love with this policeman UK & WorldWhy you shouldn't share these photos of 'missing' people from London terror attacks - and sick truth behind them Don't share anything until you're confident the source is trustworthy and their claim is legitimate NewsLondon Bridge hero who used martial arts skills to tackle terrorists cannot speak after being stabbed in the neck Geoff Ho, a business editor with the Sunday Express, is in intensive care after confronting the terrorists in a bid to save strangers' lives London Bridge terror attackFirst victim named in London Bridge Terror Attack was a 'beautiful bride-to-be': Everything we know so far Overnight update: Canadian killed by the terrorists in London on Saturday night was Chrissy Archibald. TerrorismPolice warn Scots to be on alert after London Bridge attack with severe terror warning in place The Scottish Government's Resilience committee will meet later today to discuss the situation and review country's security. Manchester terror attackAriana Grande's One Love Manchester concert recap: Liam Gallagher makes surprise appearance at benefit concert alongside Justin Bieber, Katy Perry and more Ariana Grande was joined by a host of megastars when she returned to Manchester for the huge fundraising concert at Old Trafford. London Bridge terror attack'He's a soldier': Pal praises Dad-of-three 'stabbed four times' in London terror attack pictured in hospital bed after medics saved his life Brett Freeman was stabbed four times during the murderous rampage which claimed the lives of seven people Nicola Sturgeon'Scotland will be independent by 2025 and we won't be told to shut up': Nicola Sturgeon The SNP leader reveals a steely determination to progress in a new interview. TerrorismElite SAS terror troops deployed on British streets for the first time after London Bridge attack The special group was formed in 2015 to respond to terrorists on the loose and is now being used for the first time. Manchester terror attackManchester Arena bombing victim Eilidh MacLeod's body arrives back in Barra for funeral Eilidh was among 22 people who died in the terrorist attack at the Ariana Grande concert on Monday May 22, which also left dozens injured. London Bridge terror attackLondon mayor Sadiq Khan hits back at Donald Trump insult saying he 'has more important things to do' The President has taken to Twitter to make a political point out of the atrocity which has left seven people dead in central London. London Bridge terror attack'Come get me ISIS' Anger erupts over man offering £50k reward for terrorist to kill him while brandishing sword Andre Walker has caused controversy on social media by standing at Westminster and demanding to fight a terrorist. gadgetsFidget spinner safety fears as gadgets sent for tests by Trading Standards Some businesses have been asked to removed the must-have gadgets from sale after concerns that some imports are dodgy and can cause nasty injuries. UK & WorldGrandmother brutally attacked at wedding had head smashed into granite post so hard her eyelid was 'hanging off' Vivienne Street was left unconscious and bloodied in the street after the horrific attack - and now the 41-year-old is terrified to be alone TrafficForth Road Bridge reopens after reports of 'person climbing towers' closes major route Traffic Scotland advised drivers to take an alternative route as road is closed due to a 'police incident'. UK & WorldMy dad drowned my son in the bath - but I still can't stop loving him Jo Greene' son Alex, 9, was drowned in the bath by her father Stewart two days before Christmas TerrorismDiners fought off terrorist with chairs and bottles after knife man burst into restaurant Terrified customers in Borough Market fought off the assailants as a can ploughed into pedestrians on London Bridge. TerrorismLondon Bridge terror attack suspect pictured with canisters strapped to his chest Up to seven people are feared dead after terrorists strike in the heart of the UK capital at London Bridge and Borough Market. Manchester terror attackAriana Grande reveals emotional meeting with mum of girl killed by bomb changed One Love Manchester The star says she broke down in tears when she hugged Olivia Campbell-Hardy's mum. General ElectionNew poll reveals SNP support dropping in Scotland as Labour on the rise The poll by Survation found that SNP support has dropped since the start of the General Election campaign. News Sport Celebs Life & Style Follow us facebook twitter InYourArea About Us Contact Us Got A Story? Local News Cookie Policy Advertising Jobs Buy a Photo Competition Rules How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Policy Contact the Judge Sunday Mail Centenary Fund Paper Subscription to the Daily Record and Sunday Mail Paper Subscription to the Paisley Daily Express Terms and Conditions © 2017 Scottish Daily Record and Sunday Mail Ltd This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Today: June 5, 2017, 6:32 am ﻿ HOME SIGN UP! NEW PRESS RELEASE CATEGORIES Your current selected language is German Click below to switsch to English ﻿ HOME SIGN UP! NEW PRESS RELEASE CATEGORIES ﻿ Business Business Jets Market to Register A Robust Growth By 2022 In this report, the global Business Jets market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022 PR-Inside.com: 2017-06-01 06:45:29 In this report, the global Business Jets market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Global Business Jets market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including, Bombardier, Gulfstream Aerospace, Cessna Aircraft Company, Embraer, Dassault Aviation, Airbus Group, Boeing Company, Honda Aircraft Company, Textron Aviation, Amjet Aviation Get sample copy@ www.researchtrades.com/request-sample/1094421 Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Business Jets in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia, India. Buy a copy of Global Business Jets Market for single user price $ 2900@ www.researchtrades.com/checkout/1094421 On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into, Very Light Jets, Light Jets, Mid-size Jets, Super Mid-size Jets, Large Jets.. On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Business Jets for each application, including, Public Bodies, Government Officials, Armed Forces, Other Key elements for this report: 1 Business Jets Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Business Jets 1.2 Business Jets Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Business Jets Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Business Jets Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Very Light Jets 1.2.4 Light Jets 1.2.5 Mid-size Jets 1.2.6 Super Mid-size Jets 1.2.7 Large Jets 1.2.4 Type II 1.2.4 Type II 1.3 Global Business Jets Segment by Application 1.3.1 Business Jets Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Public Bodies 1.3.3 Government Officials 1.3.4 Armed Forces 1.3.5 Other 2 Global Business Jets Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1 Global Business Jets Capacity, Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.1 Global Business Jets Capacity and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.2 Global Business Jets Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.2 Global Business Jets Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.3 Global Business Jets Average Price by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.4 Manufacturers Business Jets Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area and Product Type 2.5 Business Jets Market Competitive Situation and Trends 2.5.1 Business Jets Market Concentration Rate 2.5.2 Business Jets Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers 2.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion View this report@ www.researchtrades.com/report/global-business-jets-market-resear .. About us: Research Trades has team of experts who works on providing exhaustive analysis pertaining to market research on a global basis. This comprehensive analysis is obtained by a thorough research and study of the ongoing trends and provides predictive data regarding the future estimations, which can be utilized by various organizations for growth purposes. We distribute customized reports that focus on meeting the client’s specific requirement. Our database consists of a large collection of high-quality reports obtained using a customer-centric approach, thus providing valuable research insights. Press Information Research Trades Flat No.10, Wing C, S. No. 245/4/2+245/5/1, Baner, Pune-411045 Kusum Saonerkar Digital Marketing Executive +91 7507349866 email www.researchtrades.com/ # 520 Words Related Articles More From The Author Industrial Lubricant Market Set For Expansive Growth [..] A lubricant is a substance introduced to reduce friction between surfaces in mutual contact, which ultimately reduces the heat [..] Global Sodium Thiocyanate Market Outlook 2016-2021 Sodium thiocyanate is the chemical compound with the formula NaSCN. This colorless deliquescent salt is one of the main sources [..] Aramid Fiber Market Set For Expansive Growth [..] Aramid fibers are man-made high-performance fibers, with molecules that are characterized by relatively rigid polymer chains. These [..] Nursing Home Chair Market Dynamics and Growth [..] In this report, the United States Nursing Home Chair market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is [..] Nitrile Gloves Market To Maintain Healthy Growth [..] Nitrile gloves are a type of disposable glove made of synthetic rubber. They contain no latex proteins and offer excellent [..]   More From Business U.S. CONFERENCE OF MAYORS ISSUES STATEMENT ON [..] Washington, D.C, June 04, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- U.S. Conference of Mayors CEO and Executive Director Tom Cochran today issued [..] New Building Services company opens in Stamford [..] England and company has recently opened for business in the Stamford area. With over thirty years experience in the building [..] Myfloralkart.com Introduces Proactive Gift Delivery Services [..] Myfloralkart, June 4, 2017: Offering gift delivery services on the pan-India basis, the company has earned huge success consecutively [..] Myfloralkart.com Introduces Affordable Flower Gifts Starting [..] Myfloralkart, Delhi, 3 June 2017: The company sells a wide selection of blossoming exotic flowers including orchids, roses ( [..] Disclaimer: If you have any questions regarding information in this press release please contact the company added in the press release. Please do not contact pr-inside. We will not be able to assist you. PR-inside disclaims the content included in this release. ﻿ Home Sign Up! New Press Release Categories Terms Of Service Privacy About Us Contact Us                
Monday, June 5, 2017 Oman Observer Home Top stories Local World Region Asia India Europe America Business Oman Motor Technology Market Sports Oman Sport Football Cricket Golf Tennis Ramadhan Books Entertainment Lifestyle People Spotlight Arts Travel Magazines Weekend National Day 45 Mazoon Duqm The Vision Oman Logistics Aqar Oman Opal Magazine More Head stories Main Analysis My Voice Blogs Weekend Health Environment Technology Culture Saturday Editor's choice Gourmet Cartoon Ask your doctor WILDLIFE Auto Videos Archive 2016 2015 E PAPER World  US successfully tests ICBM defence system for first time 31/05/2017 Oman Observer WASHINGTON/VANDENBERG AIR FORCE BASE: The US military on Tuesday cheered a successful, first-ever missile defence test involving a simulated attack by an intercontinental ballistic missile, in a major milestone for a programme meant to defend against a mounting North Korean threat. The US military fired an ICBM-type missile from the Kwajalein Atoll in the Marshall Islands towards the waters just south of Alaska. It then fired a missile to intercept it from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California. Experts compare the job to hitting a bullet with another bullet and note the complexity is magnified by the enormous distances involved. The Missile Defence Agency said it was the first live-fire test against a simulated ICBM for the Ground-based Midcourse Defence (GMD), managed by Boeing Co, and hailed it as an “incredible accomplishment.” “This system is vitally important to the defence of our homeland, and this test demonstrates that we have a capable, credible deterrent against a very real threat,” Vice Admiral Jim Syring, director of the agency, said in a statement. A successful test was by no means guaranteed and the Pentagon sought to manage expectations earlier in the day, noting that the United States had multiple ways to try to shoot down a missile from North Korea. “This is one element of a broader missile defence strategy that we can use to employ against potential threats,” Pentagon spokesman Captain Jeff Davis told reporters. Prior to Tuesday’s launch, the GMD system had successfully hit its target in only nine of 17 tests since 1999. The last test was in 2014. North Korea has dramatically ramped up missile tests over the past year in its effort to develop an ICBM that can strike the US mainland. The continental United States is around 9,000 km from North Korea. ICBMs have a minimum range of about 5,500 km, but some are designed to travel 10,000 km or farther. Riki Ellison, founder of the Missile Defence Advocacy Alliance, described the test as “vital” prior to launch. “We are replicating our ability to defend the United States of America from North Korea, today,” Ellison said. Failure could have deepened concern about a programme that according to one estimate has so far cost more than $40 billion. Its success could translate into calls by Congress to speed development. — Reuters ← Previous People smugglers make $35 bn a year on migrant crisis, says IOM head Trump plans to pull US out of climate deal: Source Next → You May Also Like Spanish party Podemos files no confidence motion against premier Rajoy 19/05/2017 Oman Observer Comments Off on Spanish party Podemos files no confidence motion against premier Rajoy Pentagon chief orders review of F-35 fighter programme 28/01/2017 Oman Observer Comments Off on Pentagon chief orders review of F-35 fighter programme Stargazers applaud as moon eclipses sun 26/02/2017 Oman Observer Comments Off on Stargazers applaud as moon eclipses sun Latest News 80 expat doctors to be replaced by Omanis 04/06/2017 Kabeer Yousuf Comments Off on 80 expat doctors to be replaced by Omanis Sultanate’s roads best among 5 in the world 04/06/2017 Oman Observer Comments Off on Sultanate’s roads best among 5 in the world Salalah gears up for khareef 04/06/2017 Kaushalendra Singh Comments Off on Salalah gears up for khareef London attackers kill seven, May says ‘enough is enough’ 04/06/2017 Oman Observer Comments Off on London attackers kill seven, May says ‘enough is enough’ Facebook Twitter Instagram Load More... Follow on Instagram Editor’s Choice Editor's choice Local  Young Omani secures research posting at top UK university 18/05/2017 Oman Observer Comments Off on Young Omani secures research posting at top UK university Editor's choice  Scientists link higher dementia risk to living near heavy traffic 05/01/2017 Oman Observer Comments Off on Scientists link higher dementia risk to living near heavy traffic CARTOONView All Cartoon  Cartoon  Cartoon  Cartoon  Cartoon  BooksView All Books Ramadhan Weekend  Why Steve Jobs didn’t let his kids use iPads 26/05/2017 Oman Observer Comments Off on Why Steve Jobs didn’t let his kids use iPads Books Entertainment Weekend  Of the chilling cases from Baker Street 28/04/2017 Oman Observer Comments Off on Of the chilling cases from Baker Street Books Local Main  Fair fares better than last year 03/03/2017 Vinod Nair Comments Off on Fair fares better than last year Books Local  Book fair not just about books but for knowledge 23/02/2017 Lakshmi Kothaneth Comments Off on Book fair not just about books but for knowledge Sections: Local World Sports Business Ramadhan Head stories 2017 © All right reserved for Oman Establishment for Press, Publication and Advertising (OEPPA) Multimedia Youtube Facebook Twitter Instagram Whatsapp Services Subscribe Advertisements Contact Us PO Box: 947 Code: 100 Muscat +968 24 64 94 80 editor@omanobserver.om
X Close Regional Home > News > Regional < Back to SMG 45 Thursday, 1 June 2017 Plane overshoots runway in Indonesia Jakarta: An Indonesian passenger plane carrying 146 people skidded off the runway as it landed in the eastern Papua region, an official said, the latest mishap to hit the country’s aviation sector. No one was hurt after the Boeing aircraft operated by domestic carrier Sriwijaya Air overshot the wet runway at the airport in Manokwari city, said transport ministry spokesman J. Adravida Barata. TV footage showed people being evacuated from the plane, as it rested on its belly on grass next to the runway. The airport will be closed for several hours so that the plane can be removed, Barata added. Indonesia’s aviation sector has been booming in recent years as a growing middle class increasingly use planes, but critics say safety standards have not kept pace with the expansion. — AFP Tags / Keywords: world Related Stories Related Stories Manila casino attack not a terror act, say police, hotel security chief At least 36 bodies found at Manila casino resort after attack Gunman dead after Philippines casino shooting Philippines police eye robbery, not IS, in Resorts World Manila attack Duterte hits back at Chelsea Clinton over rape comment You May Be Interested Woman besieged by Chiang Mai taxi drivers over Uber misunderstanding The need to educate investors on ponzi and pyramid scheme Samsung Galaxy Tab S3: Sleek and stylish 5 superpowers every mum has 6 beautiful cities to add to your bucket list How to avoid dehydration during Ramadan Others Also Read Longhouse folk struggle to meet tough conditions for new homes Dufner roars back to win Memorial by three strokes AirAsia Free Seats promotion starts tomorrow advertisement Latest News Saudi Arabia cuts ties to Qatar, cites 'terrorism' Ex-Labuan JKR head slapped with two bribery charges South Korea will return four North Koreans 'if they want to go back' China says 31 nationals detained in Zambia for illegal mining India shows off space prowess with launch of mega rocket Most Viewed in News Thai woman details her alleged killing and dismemberment of friend Girl gang-raped after following boyfriend for supper Man who criticised dead traffic police officer on Facebook arrested for shoplifting Sad role reversal for elderly mother Businessman found dead with gunshot wounds on neck Middle East countries cut off ties with Qatar, cites terrorism Outrage over hunting pix on FB 12 arrested after ‘evil’ London terror attack Liow backs IGP’s move to blacklist Grace Lam Egypt cuts ties with Qatar, cites support for 'terrorist' groups Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi EVA Brings Hello Kitty Shining Star Service to Chicago News provided by EVA Air 31 May, 2017, 20:46 ET Share this article Uses cheerful plane to add three flights a week to existing four CHICAGO, May 31, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- EVA Air is making flying fun for travelers from Chicago and throughout the Midwest with its Hello Kitty Shining Star Jet, starting today (May 31, 2017). EVA is using the cheerfully painted plane to add three weekly flights to the four it already operates with Boeing 777-300ERs in standard livery, increasing Chicago service to daily through the busy summer travel season. Travelers can learn more about the unique Hello Kitty and Sanrio Family Jets at http://www.evakitty.com/en/index.html and book and buy tickets through travel agents, EVA ticket offices or www.evaair.com. EVA Air makes flying fun from Chicago with its Hello Kitty Shining Star Jet. It uses the specially painted plane for three of seven weekly nonstop flights to Asia. EVA and Sanrio created the Hello Kitty Shining Star Jet with a cast of colorful characters painted the length of the plane, starting at the nose with Little Twin Stars Kiki and Lala flying through clouds with their teddy bear while, behind the wing, Hello Kitty and My Melody comfortably sail along on stars. EVA flight BR55 departs O'Hare International Airport at 12:30 am and arrives at Taoyuan International Airport near Taipei, Taiwan at 4:30 am the following day. Inbound from Asia, flight BR56 leaves Taipei at 7:50 pm and gets to Chicago at 9:10 pm the same evening. EVA flies its Hello Kitty Shining Star Jet from Chicago on this time schedule on Monday, Thursday and Saturday and to Chicago on Wednesday, Friday and Sunday.   To and from Chicago, EVA offers three cabin choices, Royal Laurel Class business, Elite premium economy and Economy. Royal Laurel Class passengers get lie-flat seats and Rimowa amenity kits. Those in Elite Class have extra room, amenity kits, cozy blankets and pillows and the privacy of their own separate cabin. And in all three cabins, travelers enjoy EVA's warm, friendly service, good Eastern and Western foods, in-seat entertainment systems Wi-Fi and Global Roaming.     EVA currently flies six specially painted aircraft on routes within Asia and long-haul to Paris and, now, Chicago. Its other Hello Kitty planes are the Hand-in-Hand, Joyful Dream and Celebration Flight Jets. Its Sanrio-family aircraft are the gudetama Comfort Flight and Bad Badtz-Maru Travel Fun planes. EVA is unveiling Friendship Bows in June, the last in its current series of new and refreshed specially painted liveries. About EVA Air: EVA Air, a Star Alliance member, is one of only nine 5-Star Airlines worldwide. It flies a fleet of over 70 Boeing and Airbus aircraft to more than 60 international destinations throughout Asia, Oceania, Europe and North America where gateways are Chicago, Houston, Los Angeles, New York, San Francisco, Seattle, Toronto and Vancouver. Travelers can learn more about EVA's services, schedule and book and buy tickets at www.evaair.com and become acquainted with it Hello Kitty and Sanrio family planes and routes at http://www.evakitty.com/tw/.    To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/eva-brings-hello-kitty-shining-star-service-to-chicago-300466768.html SOURCE EVA Air Related Links https://www.evaair.com/ 10 Apr, 2017, 00:15 ET Preview: EVA Wins Two New TripAdvisor Travelers' Choice Awards My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 10 Apr, 2017, 00:15 ET EVA Wins Two New TripAdvisor Travelers' Choice Awards Explore More news releases in similar topics Airlines & Aviation Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Travel Industry New Products & Services You just read: EVA Brings Hello Kitty Shining Star Service to Chicago News provided by EVA Air 31 May, 2017, 20:46 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
News Sports Business Real Estate 80° Full Menu 80° Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Business May 31, 2017 10:39 PM Canada's defense minister threatens Boeing deal in speech By ROB GILLIES Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story TORONTO Canada's defense minister repeated a threat Wednesday to cancel the purchase of 18 fighter jets from Boeing Co. because of the company's trade complaint against Canadian plane maker Bombardier. Harjit Sajjan said Boeing's action against Bombardier is "unfounded" and not the behavior of a "trusted partner." He said buying the Super Hornet fighter jets "requires a trusted industry partner." Sajjan urged Boeing to withdraw the complaint in a speech. Canada's foreign minister has also threatened to block the order. "Our government - and I stress this - our government is disappointed in the action of one of our leading industry partners," he said. Chicago-based Boeing's trade complaint prompted a U.S. Commerce Department anti-dumping investigation that could result in duties being imposed on Bombardier's new larger CSeries passenger aircraft. Boeing insists the plane receives Canadian government subsidies that give it an advantage internationally. Canada's threat is coming amid increasing trade disputes with the U.S. Scott Day, a spokesman for Boeing, noted that Sajjan also recognized Boeing as a strong partner in the past and for the future. Day defended the company's trade action. "This is a commercial matter that Boeing is seeking to address through the normal course for resolving such issues," Day said in an email. Boeing petitioned the U.S. Commerce Department and the U.S. International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies of Montreal-based Bombardier's CSeries aircraft. Boeing says Bombardier has received more than US$3 billion in government subsidies that let it engage in "predatory pricing." Brazil has also launched a formal complaint to the World Trade Organization over Canadian subsidies to Bombardier. Sao Paolo-based Embraer is a fierce rival of Bombardier's. The Quebec government invested US$1 billion in exchange for a 49.5 percent stake in the CSeries last year. Canada's federal government also recently provided a US$275 million loan to Bombardier, which struggled to win orders for its new medium-size plane. But Bombardier won a 75-plane order for the CSeries from U.S.-based Delta Air Lines in 2016. Bombardier said its planes never competed with Boeing in the sale to Delta. The Canadian government said late last year it would enter into discussions on buying 18 Super Hornet jet fighters from Boeing on an interim basis and hold an open competition to buy more planes over the next five years. Canada remains part of Lockheed Martin's F-35 Joint Strike Fighter program. Sajjan said he would have more to say about the issue next week. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 4 days ago FIU student who helps take care of dad, sister, gets free SUV 1:44 4 days ago FIU student who helps take care of dad, sister, gets free SUV 0:59 16 days ago Florida anaylst for PNC Bank discusses jobs report 0:37 18 days ago World of Avatar View More Video Business Program opens chances for success for students Planning a party? Created by a chef, this app lets you easily hire staff The Latest: Turnbull says up to 4 Australians were victims How schools, trains and concerts are building up Miami’s neighborhoods Correction: Plant Explosion-Wisconsin story Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
